THE

Statutes at la*ge.

Annodecimo oSiavoGeorgii III. Regis.

Bong die FOURTH Seflion of the Fourteenth Parliament of Grbat Britain.

by

D ANBV PICKERING, of Grab’s Inn,Efqi

Vo I. XXXIL Part I.

Digitized by Google

gmttttes at JLarge,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq>

Reader of the Law Le&are to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXXII.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by J OHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the UNITERS ITVj for CHARLES BATHURST, attheCrofs-Keyt, oppofite StrDunftan’a Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1778.

CVM PRIFJLSG1C

Digitized by

Google

‘ ®knchal BOOKBINDING CO.	J

I23ST OOU 7 S OP 2213

r CONTROL MARK	^ ^	"	C. C. J-	O

y"' ■

A

T A B L E

OF Til

statutes

PUB LICK and PRIVATE,

Palled Anna deeimo ettavo

Georg11 IIL Regis.

Being the Fourth Seflipn of the Fourteenth Parliament erf *

Great Britain.

PUBL1CK ACTS.

Cap. i.pOR continuing an a£t, made in the laft feflion of F parliament, intituled. An all to impower bis Majefiy to fecure and detain perfons charged with, or fufpeflei of the crime ■ cf high treafon, committed in any of hie MajeJljs colonies or planta-tions in America, or on the high jeas, or the crime of piracy.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thou* fand feven hundred and feven ty-eight.

Cap. 3. For continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fcrvice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight.

Cap. 4. For punilhing mutiny and defertionj and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Oip. 5. For the regulation of his Majefty*s marine forces while on (hore.

Cap. 6. For the better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in his Majefty’s (hips of war, and on board merchant (hips an4 ether trading (hips and vefieis.	.

Vol* XXXII.	a	^	dap*

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 7. For repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Wtgton.

Cap. 8. To enable his Majefty to licence a theatre in the city of Brijlol.

Cap. 9. For taking down the parifh church of Lflfad, being a vicarage united to the reCtbry of /church, in the county of Northampton j and'for repairing the parifti church of Achurch aforefaid; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 10. To continue and enlarge the term and powers of an aCt, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King George the Second, for building a bridge over the river Leajtf/ or near a place called Jeremy's Ferry ; and for makings repairings widening roads from thence into the great roads at Snarcfbrook, in the county of Eflex, and at Clapton, in the county of Middiefex.

\ Cap. 11. For repealing an a£t, pafled in the fourteenth year I of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An afl for the better re-1 gulating the government of the province of the MafTachufet’s Bay in ' New England.

, Cap. 12. For removing all doubts and apprehenfions con-1 cerning taxation by the parliament of Great Britain irr any of the colonies, provinces, and plantations in North Americas and the JVeJl Indies y and for repealing fo much of an aCt, made in the ievetuh year of fhe reign of his prefent Majcfty, as imppfesa duty on tea imported from Great Britain into any colony or plantation in Americas or relates thereto, j Cap. rj. To enable his Majcfty to appoint commiflioners j with fuftfeient powers to treat, confult, and agree upon the means of quieting the diforders now fubfifting in certain of the j colonies, plantations, and provinces of North America.

* Cap. 14.. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of Marcbt one tboufand feven hundred and feventy-eight; and for filling up vacancies in the militia, in the cafes therein mentioned.

Cap. 15. For the relief of the captors of prizes, with refpeft to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom.

Cap. 16. For allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat-flour, bifeuir, and peafe, to Newfoundlands Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleurs and Labrador.

Cap. 17. For building an additional jail, and alfo a prifon and houfe of correction, within the county of Cornwall; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 18. To explain an aCt, pafled in the feventh year of the reign of his late majcfty King George the Second, intituled. An all fjpr the more effectual preventing the forging the acceptance of bills of exchange*, or the numbers or principal fums of accountable receipts for notes% bills y or other fecurities for payment of money \ or warrants dr orders for payment of money or delivery of goods.

Cap. 19. For the payment of eofts to parties, on complaint* o	deter	-

Digitized by LjOOQie

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

determined before jjuftices of the peace out of feflions; for the payment of the charges of conftables in certain cafes; and for the more effectual payment of charges to witnefles and profecu-tors of any larcenv, or other felony.

Cap. 20. For further continuing the duties granted by three a6ts, made in the fifth and twenty-fifth years of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for enlarging the pier and harbour of Scarborough, in the county of Tori.

Cap. 21. For the more effectually carrying into execution the powers contained in two feveral aCts of parliament, the one Aiade in the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for making a nayigable cut or canal from the river Dee, within the liberties of the city of Chefter, to or near Middlewich and Nantwich, in the county of Chefter; and the other made in the feventeenth year of his laid Majefty’s reign, for varying and enlarging the powers of the faid former a6t.

Cap. 22. For raifing a certain fum of money by way of annuities, and for eftabliftiing a lottery.

Cap. 23. For appointing commifiioners to put in execution an aCtof this fefiion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majejly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervid of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eighty together with thpfe named in two former aCts for appointing commifiioners of thd land tax.

Cap. 24. For allowing the re-importation of unmanufactured tobacco from foreign parts, although the fame may have been fold abroad; and the importation of tobacco the growth and product of the iftand of Dominica, under certain regulations and reftridUons.

Cap. 25. For allowing com, grain, and flour, Imported into the ports of Portfmouthy Sandwich, Chichefter, and Chejlery to be landed without payment of the duties, under the like reftric-tions as corn, grain, and flour, is allowed to be landed at the feveral ports mentioned in an afl, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to regulate the importation and exportation of corn.

Cap. 26. For granting to his Majefty certain duties upon all inhabited houfes within the kingdom of Great Britain.

Cap. 27. For granting to his Majefty feveral additional duties upon wines and vinegar imported into this kingdom.

Cap. 28. For repealing fo much of an aCt, made in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft to explain, amendy and reduce into one aft of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the tumptie roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purpofei; as is to fubjeCt carriages, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of lefs breadth or gauge than fix inches, to the payment of double tolls; and for vacating contracts for leafing tolls.

Cap. 29. For impowering the commiffioners and governors

a 2

of

A TABLE of the STATUTE!

of the royal hofpital for Teamen at Greetrwich, in the county of Kent, to exchange certain mefluages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, belonging to them in the parjlhes of Ain-wick, Embleton, and Warkworth, in the county of Nortbumber land, for other lands belonging to the mod noble Hugh duke of Northumberland, in fome one or more of the open common fields at Cor bridge, in the faid county; and to impower the faid com-roiffioners and governors to grant leafes, in manner therein mentioned.

Cap. 30. For the more efieftually levying of the duty upon fer-vants in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 31. For enabling his Majefty to fettle on their royal hignefies the princes Frederick bifliop of Ofnaburgb% William Henry, Edward, Ernejl Auguflus, Auguflus Frederick, and Adolphus Frederick, an annuity of fixty thouiand pounds per annum; and alfo to fettle on their, royal highnefles the princefles Charlotte Augufla Matilda, Augufla Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary% and Sophia % one other annuity of thirty thouiand pounds per annum\ and alfo to fettle on his highnefs prince William Frederick one other annuity of eight thouiand pounds per annum, and on her highnefs the princefs Sophia Matilda one other annuity of four thou* fand pounds per annum.

Cap. 32. For further continuing fo much of certain duties as have by feveral ads of parliament been granted and continued for repairing and maintaining the harbours of Dover and Rye, as are applicable to completing and keeping in repair the (aid harbour of Rye, in the county of Suffix.

Cap. 33. For the better prefervation of fi(h, and Tegulating the fifheries, in the rivers Severn and Verniew.

Cap. 24. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts, within the foake of Bolingbroke and wapentake of Candlejboe, in the parts of Lindfey, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 35. For the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred ot Stow, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 36. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts* within the ifle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

Cap. 37. For paving parts of the footpaths on the Tides of the great road, called IVbitechapel Road, in the county of Middlefex \ and alfo the feveral ftreets, lanes, roads, and paflages, opening Into the fame; and for preventing obftrudions, nuifanccs, and annoyances therein, and near thereto.

Cap. 38. For railing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand ftvert hundred and feventy*eight.

Cap. 39. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments 5 and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough

towns*

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

towns, whofe admiflions have been omitted to be (lamped according to law, or, having been (lamped, have been loft or mif-laid; and for allowing them time to provide admiflions jduly damped; and to give further time to fuch pcrfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors.

Cap. 40. To repeal fuch part of an a<5l, made in the laft fef-fion of parliament, as relates to the manner of difcharging bonds given for the due exportation of certain goods from Great Britain to foreign parts; and to extend fuch part of the fame adl, as obliges the mafter of Britijb or Irijb (hips, failing from any of his Majefty's dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a manifeft of their cargoes to the Britijb conful refiding there, to the like veflels failing inxo'Denmark, Norway, and Archangel.

Cap. 41. For uniting the free grammar fchool of Jama King of England, within the town of flenlty upon Thames, in the county of Oxford, with the charity fchool founded in the fame town by dame Elizabeth Periam widow 5 and for the better regulation *nd management of the faid endowments.

Cap. 4a. To enable the corporation of Tnnity floufe of Deptford Strond to eftablifh and maintain a light houfe on the rocks called TheSmalls, in Saint George's Channel.

Cap. 43. To repeal an all, pafled in the laft feflion of parlia-* meat, for the recovery off mall debts, within the feveral panjbes of Surfleet, Go(berton, Quadring, Donnington, Bicker, Swinef-head, Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkirke, Foldyke, Kirton, Framp-ton, Wibcrton, and Brothertoft, within the hundred of Kirton* emd county a/’Lincoln.

Cap. 44. For building a (lone bridge acrofs the river Tyne* oppofite the town of Hexham, in the county of Northumberland, and for making proper roads and avenues to and from the feme.

Cap. 45. To continue the feveral laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowance upon the exportation of Britijb-made gunpowder; to the further encouraging the' manufacture of Britijb fail cloth, and to the duties payable on foreign fail cloth; to the granting a liberty to carry lugars of the growth* produce* or maivufadture, of any of his Majefty’s fugar colonies; diredly to foreign parts, in (hips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law ; to the further punifhment of persons going armed or difguifed, in defiance of the laws of cuf-toras or excife; to the prohibiting the importation of light filver coin of this realm, from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to reftrain the tender thereof beyond a certain fum; to the granting a bounty upon flax-feed imported into Ireland5 to the better regulating of pilots for the conducting of (hips and yeflels from Dover, Deal, and ljle ofTbanet\ and to revive and continue fb much of an a£t, made in the fixteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, as relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America.

a 3

Digitized by

Cap. 46

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 46. For allowing further time for inroiment of deeds and wills made by papifts, and for relief of proteftant pur-chafers.

Cap. 47. To amend fuch part of an alt, made in the forty* third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An aft far the relief of the poor, 4s relates to the binding of parilh apprentices.

Cap. 48. For impowering the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common council afiembled, to raile, upon the credit of the furplufies to arife out of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, the fumof forty thou-land pounds, towards difeharging the debt incurred in rebuilding the gaol of Newgate, and a Scffions-boufe adjoining, and for completing the laid gaol, and building an infirmary thereto; and other the purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 49. For applying the fum of one thoufand pounds, to arife out of the furplufies of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for the purpofe of opening communications between IVcpping-Jlrcet and Rat cliff highway, and between Old Gravel-lane and Vtrginia-Jlrett, within the parifhes of Saint George and Saint John of flapping, in the county of Middlefex.

Cap. 50. For applying the fum of one thoufand five hundred pounds, to arife out of the furplufies of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for the purpofe of widening certain avenues leading into Goodman's Fields, in the county of Middlefex.

Cap, 51. For applying the fum of four thoufand pounds, to arife out of the furplufies of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, towards completing the paving of the town and borough of Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in th6 county of Surrey.

Cap. 52; For the relief of infolvent debtors; and for the relief of bankrupts, in certain cafes.

Cap. 53. For the more eafy and better recruiting of his Ma* jefty's land forces and marines.

Cap. 54. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money dtat of the finking fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight; and for further appropriating the fup-plies granted in this fefiion of parliament; and for carrying to the aggregate fund a fum of money which hath arifen by the two fevenths excife.

Cap. 55. To permit the exportation of certain goods, directly from Ireland, into any Britijh plantation in America, or any Britijb fettlcment on the coaft of Africa; and for further encouraging the fifticries and navigation of Ireland.

Cap. 56. To permit the importation of cotton-yarn, the manufacture of Ireland, into this kingdom duty-free.

Cap. 57. For raifing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervipc of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight.

/	Cap.	58.

Digitized by L-ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 58. To explain and amend fo much of an aA, made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the preventing the clandeftine conveyance of fugar and paneles from the Brittfb colonies and plantations in America into Gnat Britain.

Cap. 59. To amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the raifing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; and to eftablifti certain regulations with refpeA to officers lerving in the corps of fencible men directed to be raifed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland and certain other corps therein mentioned.

Cap. 60. for relieving his Majefty’s fubjeAs profefling the popifh religion from certain penalties.and difabilities impoledon them by an aA, made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled. An aft for the further preventing the growth of popery.

Cap. 61. For repealing certain provifions in two aAs, made in the firft year of the reign of Queen Anne; one intituled. An all for the relief of the protejlant pur chafers of the forfeited ejlates in . Ireland; and the other intituled. An aft for advancing the fale of the forfeited ejlates in Ireland, and for veiling fuch as remain unfold by the prefent irujlees in her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors,for Juch ufes as the fame were before vtjled in the faid truftees; and for the more effectual felling and felting the faid ejlates to proteftants; and for explaining feveral alls relative to the lord Bophin and fir Redmond Eyerard.

Cap. 62. To continue an aA, made in the fixteenth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An all to author if?., for a limited time, the punifoment, by hard labour, of offenders who, for certain crimes, are or foall become liable to be tranfported to any of his Add* jefiy's colonies and plantations.

Cap. 63. For enabling truftees under particular turnpike aAs, to meet and carry fuch aAs into execution, potwithftanding they may not have met or adjourned agreeable to the direAious ' of fuch aAs; and for preventing difputes touching the payment of tolls for horfes or carriages belonging tq or employed by officers or foJdiers on duty.

Cap. 64. For enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of one million, for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 65. For fettling and fecuring a certain annuity on the earl of Chatham, and the heirs of the body of the late William Pitt earl of Chatham, to whom the earldom of Chatham (hall defeend, in confideration of the eminent fervices performed by. die faid late ear) to his Majefty and the publick.

Cap. 66. For making proper drains and fewers, for the pur-pofe of carrying off the water from the prcbendal eftatc of Halli-well and Finfoury, in the fuburbs of the city of London-, and for. other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 67. For authorifing the juftices of the peace for the county of MiddUfex, to fell the prefent fcffion-honfc for the faid.

a 4	county.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

eounty, and for enabling them to build another fetfion-hoMfo in 3 more convenient fituation, and to Keep the fame in repair $ and for applying the fopn of eleven thoufand pounds (to be bar* rbwed upon the credit of the furplufles of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund) towards defraying the expence of building the faid feflion-houic.

Cap, 60. For building a bridge acrofs the river Tawey9 at a place called The With Tteey in the parilh of Llanfamlett, to the ©ppofite (bore in the parilh of Uangevelach, in the county of Glamorgan5 for making proper avenues or roads to and from the faid bridge; and alfo for repairing and widening the road from Pentre-brooky near a place called Aberdtvybertbyy in the parifh of Saint johrisy near Swanfea, to the faid intended bridge,	#

Cap. 69. For repairing the highways and bridges in thp county of Stirling.

Cap. 70. To enable HeCtor Munro Efquire, to build and maintain a harbour and pier at the town of Findhorny in the county of Elgin and Forres.

Cap. 71. For impowering the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common council aflemb]ed, to make a ftrect or opening from Moorfieldsy oppofite Chifwell-Jtreity , towards the eaft into BiJbopfgate-Jlreet; and alfo from the eaft end of Chifwell-ftreet weftward into Barbican ; and to raife, upon the credit of the furplufles to arife out of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fundy the fum of fixteen tboufand five hundred pounds for fuch purpofe.

Cap. 72. For erecting a building for holding the courts and exercifirig the jurifdi6tion of the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter in Weflminftery within the city and liberty of JVeJlminJiery and for holding the quarter feffions of the peace, and tranfa&ing the other publick bufinefs of the faid city and liberty; and for appropriating part of the furplufles of the Orphans Fundy towards defraying the expence thereof. v

Cap. 73. For paving the high ftrect or road leading from Alderfgate-barSy in the parifh of Saint Botolph without Alderfgatey Londony to the turnpike near die end of GtfweU-Jlrcety in the county of Middlefex; and for applying the fum of five thoufand pounds, to be raifed upon the credit of the furplufles to arife put of a certain fund, cqqnmonly called The Orphans Fundy fof fuch purpofe.

Cap. 74. To amend an a<ft, pafled in the twenty-fixth year of King George the Second, more effectually to enable the partjhio-tiers of the partjh of Chriftchurch, in the coun y of Middlefex, to ' purcbafcy hirty or ereCt a workhoufey for the employing and maintaining the poor of the faidparijhy and for the more effectualfufport and employment of the poor therein.

Cap. 75. For making a navigable canal from the town ot Baftngjtokey in the county of Southamptony to communicate with

Pxt x\HrWey% in the panlh of Cbertfey, in the county of Surrey -9

......■

Digitized by LaOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

?nd to the fouth-eaft fide of the turnpike road in the parifli of Turgifs, in the faid county of Southampton.

Cap. 76. For better paving, cleanGng, lighting, and watching, ihe ftreets and lanes in the town of Dover, in the county of Kent, and in the feveral parishes of Saint Mary the Virgin and Saint James the Apojlle in the (aid town and county; and for removing and preventing nuifences and annoyances therein.

Cap. 77.^ For paving and repairing the ftreets, lanes, and other publick parages and places, within fuch part of the liberty of Norton Frigate, in the county of Mxddleftx, as is extra-paro-ohia), and certain parts of Magpie-alley, and Bloffom-Jlreet, in the parifh of Saint Leonard Shoreditch^ in the faid .county $ and for removing obftrudions and annoyances therein.

Cap. 78. For applying the fum of nine thoufand pounds, to arife out of the furplufles of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans Fund, for the purpofe of making a pafiage for carriages from Spitol-fields to Bifbopfgate-fir eet, in the county of Middlefex.

Cap. yg. For paving, deanfing, lighting, and watching, the town ot Northampton j and for removing and preventing in-croachments, obftrudions, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 80. For widening and improving a certain avenue called Dirty-laney and part of Brick-lane, leading from Whitechapel to Spital-fields, in the county of Middlesex; and for paving Dirty-lane, and alfo the caft fide of Petticoat-lane, from Whitechapel High-fireet to Wentwortb-firset; the faid avenue called Went-tvortb-fireet; from thence in one continued line through Old Montague-fireet, Chapel-flreet, and Princes-row, to Baker*s^row inclusive, and the feveral ftreets and paflages leading into the fame; and for removing all obftrudions and encroachments therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

Cap. 81. For continuing the terms and enlarging the powers of two ads, one patted in the fcventh and the other in the eighth years of his prefent Majcfty's reign, for repairing and widening the roads from Oxford over Bolley-caufeway, to Fifield, in the county of Berks, and Witney, in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 82. To enlarge the term and powers of feveral ads pafled in the fixth and twelfth years of King George thi firft, the twenty-eighth year of his late Majefty, and the ninth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the roads from Stevenage, in the county of Hertford, to Bigglefwade, in the county of Bedford, and ocher roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 83. To enlarge the term and powers of an ad, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from Long Horfley bar or gate, on the pofl road near the town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horfley, Weldon-bridge, and Whittingham, to tbo river Preamiih, and from thence to Percy’s Croft, in the county of Northumberland.

Cap. 8^.

A

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 84. To enlarge the term and powers of fevefal a<5ls: * for repairing the road from Highgate Gatehoufi, in the county of Middlefex, to Barnet Blockhoufe* in the county of Hertford\ and the road from the Bear-inn in Hadley to the Angel in Enfield-• cbace\ and alfo Camwood-lane leading from Highgate to Hump-> Jlead, in the faid county of Middlefex\ and the road beginning at Barnet Blockboufe and ending at the Bear-inn in Hadley afore* faid.

Cap. 85. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an a&, made in the thirty-fecond year of the* reign of his late majcfty King George the Second, for repairing, the road from Wakefield to Aufterlands, in the wejl riding in tbit< county of York.

Cap. 86. To enlarge th6 term and powers of an a&, pa (Ted. in the thirty-third year of King George the Second,for repairing and widening the rood from The Bars at Boughton, vntbin tbr liberties of the city of Chefter, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the county of Salop, and other roads in the faid adt mentioned; and for making a road of communication from thc^ faid road between Whitchurch and Newport, to the prefent turnpike road from Newport aforefaid to Ecclefball, in the county of* Stafford.

Cap. 87. To enlarge the term of an a<ft parted in the thirtieth year of his late majefty King Geoage the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Towcefter, through Silverfton and Brackiey, in the county of Northampton, and Ardley, and Mid-, dieton otoney, to Wefton-gate, in theparijh of Wefton on the Green, in the county oj Oxford.

Cap. 88. For repairing and widening the road from The Birches Brook to Butldwas-bridge, and from thence to join the Watluig-flrcet turnpike road at Tern-bridge, in the county of Salop.

Cap. 89. For enlarging the term and powers of an a&, made io the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral roads leading from the market •houfe in the town of Much Wenlock, in the county of Salop, and for amending, widening, apd keeping in repair, the road leading from Gleeton-hill to. Creffage, in the faid county.

Cap. 90. To enlarge the term and powers of three a<fts, of the third and feventeenth years of the reign of King George the Second, and the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road leading from Galley-comer, adjoining to Enfield-chace, in the parifh of Scutb Mims, in the county of Middlefex, to Lemsford-mill, in the county of Hertford.

Cap. 91. For repairing and widening the road from Stoken~ churchy in the county of Oxford, to IVheatley-bridge, and from the faid bridge to Enflow-bridge, and from Wheatley-bridge to the mileway leading towards Magdalen-bridge; and from the mileway teading from Saint Giles's Church, near the city of Oxford^ by Begbroke, to New Woodfioei, in the faid county.	.

Cap. 92.

A TABLEof the STATUTES.

Cap. 92. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an adt, made in the twenty-fixth year of the, reign of his late Majefty,/or widening and repairing the high road leading from Northallerton to the /oath wall of the church-yard of, the town of Thirfk, and from the fouth-eajl end of the Jlreet called Finkell-ftreet, in Thirfk aforefaid, to and through the town of £afingwould, in the county 0/York, to a place called Burton-done, near the city of York ; and alfo the road from Thirflc aforefaid to Topcliffe, in the north riding of the county of York.

Cap. 93. For repealing certain parts of three fevcral adts of parliament, of the firft, the feventeenth, and the thirtieth years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, made for repairing feveral roads leading to and from the borough of Evejbam, in the county of Worcejlir-, and for repairing and widening the road from >EveJbam-bridge, in the faid borough, to. the Globe Inn in Alcejler, in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 94. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad}, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second,/^r amending, widening, and keeping inrepair, the roads from the eojl end of the town of Hertford, in the county of Hertford, through Watton, to Broadwater, and from the town of Witt, through Watton, to the north end of the town of Walkern, in the faid county.

Cap. 95. For amending, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in repair, the roads from Wbifile-bridge, in the pariftv of Berwick, in the county of Somerfet, to the turnpike road in the parilh of Charminfter, in the county of Dorfet 5 and from the crofs in the town of Maiden Newton, to a ftream of water in the parjfh of South Perrott, in the county of Dorfet $ and from a place called Furze-moor Gate, in the parilh of Sroadwinfor, to Lenbam’s Water, in the parilh of Btamifter; and from Bugler's corner in the town of Beamifter, to the Dorfetjhire Inn, in the parilh of Woohombe; and from Upjydling Ewe Leaze, to the town of Cerne Abbas; and from the town of Frampion, to join the x weftern turnpike road near Steepleton, in the faid county of Dorfet.

Cap. 96. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an adt, made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road leading from tbeeajl fide of Barnfley Com-; mon, in the county of York, to the middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Crofs; and alfo the road from the guidepojl in Barugh to a rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for two hundred yards over and beyond the fame rivulet or brook into the tewnjbip of Cawthorne, in the faid county.

Cap. 97. For more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral roads leading from the town of Taunton, in the county of Somerfet; and for repealing two adts, one of the twenty-fifth year of his late Majefty, and the other of the fifth year of his prefent Majefty, relating to the faid roads;

and*

/

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES. ,

and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral other roads adjoining thereto.

Cap. 98. For repairing and widening the road from the city of	Gloucefter to the town of	Stroud,in the county of

Cap. 99. For enlarging the term and powers of an alt, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for amending and leeping in repair the roads hading from a place called Fryer Bacon’s Study to Chilton Pond ; and from the top of Hinkfey-hill to Foxcombe-hill Gate in the ■ road leading to Farringdon, in the county of Berks.

Cap. 100. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an alt, made In the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late Majefty,/nr repair, amending, and widening, the feveral roads leading from the Red Poft, in the parijb of Five-head, through the towns of Langport and Somerton, to Butweli; and alfo from Currey Rivell to Puckington-lane, and from Cambridge to Street Crofs, in the county of Somerfct; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral other roads adjoining thereto.

Cap. 101. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an ad, tirade in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads therein	mentioned', leading to and from the towns of Shepton Malet

and Ivelchefter, in the county of Somerfet, fo far ai the fame relates to the roads, therein called The	Turnpike	Roads.

Cap. 102. To enlarge the term and powers of an alt, pafled in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads leading from the city of Gloucefter, towards Cheltenham and Tewkefbury, in the county of Gloucefter.

Cap. 103. For repairing and widening the road from Chip-penbam-bridge, in the county qf W to the top of , in the county of Gloucefter; and from the ftone pillar to the top of Old Sodhury	Hill, in the faid county of	.

Cap. 104. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An cfl for repairing and widening the roads from Donnington High-bridge to Hale Drove, and to .the eighth mile-ftone, in the parifh of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, in the county 0/Lincoln.

Cap. 105. Forenlargingtheterm and powers of an alt, made in the thirty-tirft year of the reign of his late Majefty, repairing the roads from Lte&s to Sheffield, in the county York, fo far as the fame relates to the road from Wakefield to Sheffield ; and alfo one other a<5t, made in the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending %nd rendering more effectual the laid a<ft. -

Cap. 106. To enlarge tjie term and powers of feveral ads, pafled in the fourth year of King George the Firft, and the ninth and thirtieth years of King George the Seconder repairing the

highways

Digitized by L.ooQle

-A TABLE of the STATUTES.

highways from Crown Corner, in the town of Reading, leading by and through the feveral parifhes */rShinfieJd and Heckfield, in the feveral counties of Berks, WiJts, and Southampton, to Bafingftoke, m the faid county of Southampton.

Cap. 107. To enlarge the term and powers of an ad, pafled in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Seconder repairing the road leading from the town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Thropple, Lon'g-witton, and by the north fide of Rothley Park Wall, to Sting Crofs, and to the High Crofs in Elfdon, in the county o/'Northumberland.

Cap. 108. For continuing and amending an ad, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late Majefty, yi>r repairing the road leading from the town of Penrith, in the county of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall^ over Skelton and Caftle Sowerby Paf. lures, and Seb^aham-bridge, toChalk Beck, in the faid county % and aljo the road which branches and feparates from the fame road9 upon Caftle Sowerby Pafture aforefaid, and leads from thence through Heflcet, otberwife Hefket-newmarket, to Caldbeck, in the faid county.

Cap. 109. To impower the tiuftees for amending the road from Vttoxeter to Newcajlle*under-lyme, in the county of Stafford> to repair and widen the road branching out of the faid rqad at Lower-lane, to the turnpike road on Hem-heath, in the fame county.

Cap. ijo. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, paf-fed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the north end fl/’Dapdon- wharf, in the partjb of Stoke, next Guldeford, through Guldeford to Andrew’s Crofs, and to Alfold-bars, in the county of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary’s Gate, in Arundel, in the county of Suffex.

Cap. hi. For continuing the term of an ad, made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majefty, intituled. An afi for amending, repairings and widening, the roads leading from the Rve-way, in the parifh of Yarpole, in the county of Hereford, to Prc-fteigne, in the county of Radnor, from thence to Leintwardine; and from Prefteigne aforefaid, to the top of Trsp-hill; and from the Kye-way aforefaid, by the Maidenhead, to Wooferton, in the county of Salop; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral other roads, branching out of the roads comprifed in the faid ad.

Cap. 112. For more effedually amending, Widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the town of Northamp~ ton to Chain-bridge, near the town of Market Harborough, and from the diredion-poft in Kingfiborpc, in the county of North-ampton, to IVelford-bridge, in the faid county ; and for repealing feveral ads, made in the eighth year of King George, the Firil, and the twelfth and twenty-third years of his late Majefty, relating to the faid roads.

Cap. 113. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging

Digitized

by Google

A TABLE of thfc STATUTES;

ihgthc powers of an a61 made in the twenty-fixth year of’thfc i*eign bf his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for repairings amending) and widening the road from Keighley, in the weft riding of the county of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the county of Weftmorland.

Cap. 114. For repairing and widening the road from 7'etbury3 in the county of Gloucejier, to and through Malme/hury, to Chip-penbam^bridge) in the county of JVilts; and from Malmefbury to the turnpike road at or near Jactament's Bottom, in the faid county of Gloucefter\ and alfo the road from Paddington to Crick* lade, from thence to Malmefbury, and to the turnpike road at Afton Turville; and alfc from Sberjhne to the turnpike road leading from Tetbury to Bath.

Cap. 115. For repealing an aft, made ih the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road leading from a part of the road (direbled to be repaired by an aft paffed in the lajl fejjfton of parliament) from Carlifle to Newcaftle upon Tyne) Glenwhelt, to another part of the road (fo making from Carlifie to Newcaftle) iupon Shildon Common, in the county of Northumberland; and for making more effeftual provifion for the repair of the faid road;

Cap. xi6. For altering, repairing, and widening, the road from Summer Rods Bary near the town of Hexham% in the county of Northumberland, to the town of Alftony in the county of Cumberland.

P R I V A T E ACTS.

x. A N aft to enable the right honourable Robert Craggsezrl

-/x Nugent, and the right honourable Charles Townfbendy to take in Great Britain the oath of office, as vice treafurer, and receiver general, and paymafter general of all his Majefty’s revenues in the kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify themfelves for the enjoyment of the faid offices.

2.. An aft for rectifying a miftake in the name of one of the commiffioners appointed to put in execution an aft made in the laft feffion of parliament, for dividing and inclofing the feveral open common fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the townlhips of Cantlcy% Brampton, BtJJacarr% and High Ellars% within the feveral manors of Brampton and Bef-facarr) in the parifli of Cant ley) in the Weft Riding of the county of York.

3.	An aft for naturalizing Francis Popham.

4.	An aft for naturalizing John Meyer and Cbriftopber Hemy Mortem.

3. An

Digitized by v^ooQle

a taijLe of the Statutes.

5.	An a ft for verting certain mefluages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Kent (part of the eftates devifed and fettled by the will of JohnThoyts, deceafed) in truftees, to be fold, and conveyed to fir Sampfon Gideon baronet, and his heirs; and for laying out the monies, arifing by fuch fale, in the purchafe df other lands and hereditaments, to be conveyed and fettled to and upon the likeufes and trurt, in the faid will.

6.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, and common grounds, within the parifli of Bulwicky in the couhly of Northampton.

7.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands, in the liberties of Kimmte and Walton, in the pariflies of Kimcoate and Knaptofty in the county of Leicejler.

8.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, in the parifli of Titcbmarjby in the county of Northampton.

9.	An aft for dividing, allotting, yand inclofing, the open fields, commons, and wafte grounds, in the parish, lordfhip, and liberty of Sapeote, in the county of Leicejler.

'* 10- An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, theopen and common fields,common paftures, common meadows, heath^ and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and parifli of Great Billings in the county of Northampton.

11.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, meadows, and commonable lands, in the parifli of Ru/b« deny in the county of Northampton.

12.	An aft for dividing and allotting the open and common fields, downs, and commonable grounds, in the hamlet or tithing of Bockamptony in the parifli of Chipping Lambourney in the county of Berks.

13.	An aft for dividing and inclofing fcvcral open fields, and fiinted paftures, or wafte grounds, in the manor of North Dolt on y in the Eaft Riding of the county of York.

14.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open fields* and common or wafte land, in the lordlhip of Long What~ ■ ton, in the county of Leicejler.

15.	An aft for regulating the (locking of a certain piece of inclofed pafture ground, called Nazeing Woody or Nazeing Parky in the manor and parifh of Nazeingskn the county of EJjfXy and for keeping the fences thereof in repair.

16.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the commons and wafte grounds within the manor of Clifton upon Caldery in the Weft Riding of the county of York.

17.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common or wafte ground, called Briftington otherwife Bufleton Common, in the parifli of Brijlington otherwife Bujletoriy in the county of Somerfet.

18.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the feveral commons and wafte grounds, within the manors of Lathom and Skelmerfi dale, in the parifh of Ormfeirk, in the county palatine of Lancaften

91. An

Digitized by

V

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ig. An ad for dividing and indofing the common and oped field?, meadows, commonable lands, and wafie grounds, in the parilh of ljbam, in the county of Northampton.

20.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open fields, mea~ dows, and common paftures, within the lordfhip or parilh of Caftle Donington, in the county of Leicejler.

21.	An ad for dividing and indofing certain open and common fields, common meadows, common paflures, and other commonable and wafie lands, within the parifh of High worth, in the county of Wilts.

22.	An ad to enable Walter James Head efquire, a minor, and his iflue, to take and ufe the furname of James only, and to bear the coat armour of the family of John James efquire, deceafed.

23.	An ad for enabling Charles Wyndbam efquire (now called Charles Edwin) and his heirs male, to take and ufe the (urname of Edwin only.

24.	An ad for naturalizing David Henry De Beanne.

25.	An ad for naturalizing Hans Arfwidjfon.

26.	An ad for naturalizing Charles Frederick Loudenfack.

27.	An ad for naturalizing Henry IVilkens.

28.	An ad for naturalizing John Chrijlian Deane and Jacob Gottfried Hippius.

29.	An ad for. naturalizing James Cazenove.

30* An ad for naturalizing Francis Long.

31.	An ad for naturalizing Antonie Bazin.

32.	An ad to enable the lord archbifhopof Canterbury toen* franchife and grant a fraall parcel of glebe and wafie land, belonging to the manor of Lambeth, in the county of Surrey; and alfo to enable the redor of the parifh of Saint Mary, Lambeth, or his fucceffors, to build a parfonage-houfe on part of the faid glebe and wafie land, and to grant building leafes of other parts thereof, and for other the purpofes therein mentioned.

33.	An ad for veiling in the right honourable Charles Howard efquire, commonly called Charles Earl of Surrey, and his heirs. The fettled eflares of the faid earl, in the counties of Cumberland, Wejlmorland, and Surrey, fubjed to certain charges affeding the fame.

34.	An ad for veiling the timber and wood glowing upon eftates of Henry Perryn Browne efquire, in the county of York, in truflees, to fell the faipe, and apply the money arinng therefrom for making a recompence to fir Richard Perryn, his father, for the charges and expences of making buildings and improve-,* menu upon the fame efiate, and for the other purpofes therein mentioned.

35.	An ad for annexing a portion of the redory, and of the fedory manor thereto belonging, of Huntfpill, in the county of Somerjet, to the office of mailer of Baliol College, in Oxford.

36.	An ad for eftablifhing an agreement, for difeharging the manor of Laughton, in the county of Leicefter, and certain lands and hereditaments in the parifh of Laughton, from the payment

' of

Digitized by t^ooQle

A TABLE of the STAttJTES.

wf tithes, or any modus or rate for tithe; and for veiling other lands and hereditaments in the re&or of the laid parifh, ^nd his » fucceffors, as a compenfation for the faid tithes, and in lieu

37.	An alt for dividing and allotting certain open and common fields, and commonable lands or grounds, in the tithing of Ogbourn Saint Andrew, in.the county of Wilts.

38.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the open arable fields, open meadows, common paftures, and common grounds, within the parifh of Kegwortb, in the county of LeiceJUr.

39.	An a<5t for dividing, allotting, and inclo'fing, the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, heath, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the parifh of Harpole, in the county of Northampton.

40.	An alt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open fields, meadows, and commons, in the lordfhip of Earl Shilton, in the county of Leicejler.

41.	An alt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open common fields, common paftures, and all other commonable lands, in the tithings of Frampton and Hayleyy in the parifh of Sappirton, in the county of Gloucefter.

42.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other common-able lands and grounds, of and within the manor, parifh, and liberties, of Braybrookes in the county of Northampton.

43.	An alt for dividing and inclofing certain open fields* meadows, ings, common paftures, and moors, within the parities of Thimbleby and Edlington, in the county of Lincoln.

44.	An alt for aligning certain open and inclofed lands, and rights of common, within the manor of Ripley, in the county of York\ purfuant to an agreement entered into between the trufteeS of John Ingilby efquire, a minor, and Walter Vavafout efquire, Thomas Grimfton, and Elizabeth Etefon, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

45.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the confolidated parifhes of Siddington Saint Peter, and Siddington Saint Mary, in the county of Gloucefter; and for taking down the reltory church of Saint Mary, within the faid parifhes.

46.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the townfhip and liberties of Hardwicke, in the county of Buckingham.

47.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, and commonable lands and grounds* called Shuckburgh Fields, in the county of Warwick.

48.	An alt dividing and inclofing the open and commop fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within1 the parifh and liberties of North MctrJlony in the county of Bucks.

thereof.

b

49. Aa

A T ABLE of the STATUTES.

49.	An a<St for dividfng and indofing the common or waft*

ground, called North Myms common, or Wood, in the parifh of North	Myms, in the county of Hertford,

50.	An Ad for dividing, allotting, and laying in feveralty, th« open common fields, common meadows, common paftures, wafte lands, and commonable places, within the parifh of

in the county of Wilts.

, 51. An ad for dividing, allotting, and indofing, the commons and wafte lands within the parifh of	in	the	county of

Norfolk.

52.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open and common

fields, common meadows, common paftures, heath, and wafte lands, within the manor and parifh of	in	the county

of Lincoln.

53.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, and all other commonable land, in the manor and hamlet

of Cow	Honeyborn, other wife	Chapel in the county o£,

Gloucc/ler.

54.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and indofing, certain com-

ttions and wafte grounds, called Gh Moor, within the manor of	Glufburn, in the parifh of Kildwick, in the Wefl Riding of the

county of York.

55.	An ad for veiling the feveral yearly rents and copyhold fines, payable to the lord bifhop of Durham and bis fiiccefibrs, and ifTuing out of the feveral mefTuages, lands, and tenements, within the manor of Howden, in the Eaft Riding of the county Of York, in truflees, to be fold; and for enabling the faid lord feifhop of Durham, and his fuccefiors, to enfrandufe the feveral cuftomary or copyhold mefTuages, lands, and tenements, within the faid manor5 and for applying the money arifing from fuck fale and enfranchifement in the manner therein mentioned.

56.	An ad for eftablifhing and confirming an agreement, made between the dean and chapter of Durham, and general

Cutbbert Ellifon, for the partition and divifion of a trad of unimproved land, in the parifh of , in the county palatine of Durham, and the partition and divifion made in purfuanc* thereof.

' 57. An ad to enable John Arthur Worfop, (heretofore called John Arthur efquire) to fettle a jointure upon any woman or women he may hereafter marry, on the term* therein mentioned.

58.	An ad to itnpower John Bond, merchant, and Sarah his wife, or the furvivor of them, during their refpedive fives, to gjant leafes of their fettled eftate, in the county of Surrey.

59.	An ad for veiling the fettled eftate of John Bullock efquire, ana Elizabeth his wife, in the county of Coejfer, in truflees, to lie fold, for railing money to difeharge an incumbrance thereon, end laying out the furplus in the purchafe of lands and hereditaments to be fettled to the ufes limited of the faid fettled eftate.

6q. An ad for exemplifying, or carolling the will of George

late

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

late lord Bingley deccafed, and making fuch exemplification, or attefted copies of tho inrollment thereof, evidence as well in Ireland as in Gnat Britain.

61.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, commonable lands ?od wafte grounds, within the pariih and manor of Hitcbam, in the county of Buckingham.

62.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and laying in feveralty, the open common fields, common meadows, common paftures, wafte lands, and commonable places, within the manor and tithing of Coate, in the pariih of Bijbop’s Cannings, in the county of Wilts.

63.	An ad for dividing and inclofing a certain common moor, or trad of wafte land, called Acomb Common, within the regality or manor of Hexham, in the county of Northumberland.

64* An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftores, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the maoor^ pariih, and liberties, of Barky, in the county of Northampton.

_ 65. An ad for confirming a divifion and inclofure of the common fields, common meadows, and common paftures, within the pariih of Little Berkford, in the county of Bedford, ant) certain exchanges of lands and eftates within the faid pariih.

66.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields, mea-OQWf, paftores, commons, and wafte grounds, in the townfhip of KirjalL in the pariih of Kneefall, and county of Nottingham.

67.	An ad fdir dividing and inclofing the open common fields, common meadows, and pafture, wafte grounds, and Other commonable lands, in the pariih of Leckhampton, in the county of Glaeuejler, and feveral fmall parcels of the faid fields, which extend into the pariih of Cheltenham, in the fame county.

ffifi* An ad for confirming, eftablifhing, and making ef-fc&uai, certain articles of agreement, made and entered into, „ ibr inclofing and dividing the feveral commons, called Baling O—rriwr, Baling Green, and Cook's Hill% in the pariih of Hamp~ ftead Norreys, in the county of Berkt9 and forexchanging certain lands in the faid pariih.

•69. An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, and commonable lands and grounds, within the pariih and liberties of Napton upon the Hill, In the county of Warwick.

. 70. An ad for naturalizing Pierre Theodore De Bruges.

71. An ad to enable the honourable Temple Simon Luttrett to make a jointure upon his intended wife out of his fettled eftate; and for making a provifion, by way of equivalent, in lieu thereof.

73. An ad to diiTolve the marriage of John Hooke Campbell9 ebtfsktj with Elizabeth Euftacia his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

7p An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, qommon meadows, and other corn-

fa 2

moaable

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

monable lands and grounds, of and within the manor, parifti, and liberties, of Byfield, and Wefirup, in the parith of Byfiild, in the county of Northampton.

74« An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other com* monable lands and grounds, of and within the manor, parifti, and liberties, of Fenny Compton, in the county of Warwick.

j$, An ad for dividing and inclofing a certain common, or trad of commonable land, called or known by the name of JVefibay Ado or, within the parifti of Meary in the county of So-merfet.

76.	An ad for dividing and jnclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, and common meadows, within the parifti of Han flop, to the county of Buckingham.

77.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the pari (lies of Saint GyUsr Saint Sepulchre, Saint Lawrence, and Saint Andrew, in or near the town of Northampton, in the county of Northampton, fome or-one of them, and which are commonly called or known by the name of Northampton Fields.

78.	An ad for dividing and jnclofing the open and common fields, cpmjnon paftures, common meadows, and other com-* monable lands and grounds, of and within the manor, parifti, artd liberties, of Floor e, otherwife Flower, in the county of Northampton.

79.	An ad for veiling part of the fettled eftates of fir Robert

Sutton deceafed, in the county of Lincoln, in fir Richard Sutton baronet, in fee fimple; and for veiling certain lands of the faid fir Richard Sutton, in Eajlthorpe, in the county of Nottingham, in the archbilhop of York, and his fucceffors, in fee fimple, in exchange for the manfion-houle, park, and lands, of the faid fir Richard Sutton, called Norwood Park and Hall Meadow, in the (aid county of Nottingham, now held by the faid fir Richard Sutton upon leafe for lives; and for veiling the fame, together whh: other lands of the faid fir Richard Sutton, in the county of^Afo-iingham in lieu of the faid fettled eftates.

80.	An ad for carrying into execution an agreement entered into by fir "James Wright baronet, for fale of the manor of Huf-home Tar^anf, and feveral woodlands and hereditaments in the county of Southampton, tojofeph Portal, efquire; and for laying out the money arifipg by luch fale in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

81.	An ad to enable the r$yerend Richard Harrington, and the receiver for the time being of the eftates of Arthur Champer-nowne efquire, an infant, to grant leafes and fetts of the fame eftates during his minority. -

82.	An a<5l for veiling the fettled eftate of Anthony Deane th$ younger, efquire, in the county of Worcefier, in truftees, to be fp.d; and for laying out the money arifingby fuch fale, together?

Digitized by v^-ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ther with other monies therein mentioned, in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to the feveral ufes therein expreffed.

83.	An ad for veiling the fettted eftates of Henry Martin gentleman, and Elizabeth his wife, in Elton, in the county of Huntingdon, in truftees, to be exchanged, or to be fold, and the money laid out in the purchafe of other lands and heredita-

ments, to be fettled to the fame ufes,	r

84.	An ad to authorife fir Lawrence Dundas baronet, and the feveral other perfons therein named, to infert in a deed of difpo-fition and conveyance of lands and hereditaments in Scotland, agreed to be fettled by articles made previous to the marriage of nomas Dundas efquire, with lady Charlotte his wife, the like power of exchange, as is contained in the fettlement made previous to the faid marriage, of certain eftates of the faid fir Lawrence Dundas, in England.

85.	An ad for empowering the judges of the court of feffioit in Scotland to fell foch parts and portions of the entailed eftates

of Sbawfiold, and others, in the counties of Lanark and Argyte,	'

belonging to Walter Campbell, of Shawfteld, efquire, as (hall be fufficient for payment of the debts affeding the fame.

86.	An ad for veiling the fettled eftates of Thomas Bennett the younger, and 'Elizabeth his wife, in truftees, to be conveyed in exchange for other eftates of greater value, to be fettled to the lame utes.

*	87. An ad for dividing and allotting certain open and common fields in the manor and parilh of Gratley, in the county of Southampton.

*	88- An ad for dividing and inclofing certain commons and wafte lands, within the townfhips of Otley, and Newall with Clifton, in the Weft Riding of the county of York.

89. An ad for dividing and inclofing a common moor, or trad of wafte ground, called Fourftones Common, within the barony or manor of Langley, and in the parilh of Warden, in the county of Northumberland.

k 90. An ad for dividing, inclofing, and preferving, a certain common, or parcel of wafte ground, or marfh, called Saltney Marfb, within the manor and parilh of Hawarden, in the county of flint, and for other the purpofes therein mentioned.

91.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the commons and wafte grounds, within the townlhip of Olkrton, in the parilh of Ed-urinftow, in the county of Nottingham.

92.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the feveral commons and-wafte grounds ^widiin the manor of Boljlerjlone, in the pa«» tiOhof Ecclesfield, in the county of York.

93.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, bills downs, paftures, and commonable lands, within the parilh of Naunton, in the county of Gloucefter.

94.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open arable fields

and commons, within the manor of Bofover, in the parilhes of	f

o	Bolfoyer

A TABLE of the STATUTES:

■Bolfovtr and Clown, in the county of Derby.

95.	An ad for dividing ana indofing certain open fields* meadow, carr, common, and wafte ground* within the township of Dinniugton, in the parities of Saint Leonard and Scant Join, in the county of Tori.

. 96. An ad for dividing and indofing certain open and common fields, and commonable lands and grounds, within the manor and piri(h of Bolnhurfl, in the county of	; and

for exonerating certain andent indofures, within the /aid manor and pari/h, from the payment of tithes.

97. An ad for dividing and indofing the open common fields, meadow grounds, common fen, cow pafture, and other commonable lands, in the parith of	in	the	county of

Lincoln.

98- An.ad for dividing and indofing the commons and wafte grounds, within the townfhip of	,	in	the	pari/h of

Halifax, in the county of Tori.

99. An ad for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, heath and wafte grounds, of and within the pari/h of Maidfetri, in the county of Northampton.

too.An ad for dividing, allotting, and indofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the pari/h and liberties of IVooton, in the county of Northampton.

101.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, common ground, and wafte grounds, within the manors or lordlhips of Roufltnth and Bedford, in the pari/h of Roufl, in the county of Wtr-ttfler.

102.	An ad to di/lojve the marriage of fir Patrici Blaie ba- '

ronet, with dame Annabella	Blaie, bis now wife; and to enable

him to marry again} and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

103.	An ad to di/Tolve the marriage of Thomas , clerk, with Mary his wife; and to enable him to marry again} and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

104.	An ad to di/Tolve the marriage of George Cbriftopher De-gen, with Catherine Furlong, his now wife; and to enable him to marry again} and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

105.	An ad to di/Tolve the marriage of Clotworthy Dobbin efquire, with Mary his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

106.. An ad to enable Edmund Hartof/p (lately called Edmund Bunnty)efquire, and the heirs of his body by Ann his wife, to take and ufe the furname, and bear the arms of Hartopp.

107.	An ad for naturalizing Court Henry Dirs.

108.	An ad for naturalizing Phillippe Befnard.

109.	An ad concerning certain eftates heretofore of Frantss

Keci efquire, deceafed, in the counties of	Wilts,	(that

is to fay) for veiling fucb part thereof which batb.been fold under

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

der a decree and fubfequent order of the court of chancery, in truftees, to enable them to convey the fame; and for carrying into execution an agreement concerning other parts of fuch eftates; and for confirming and carrying into execution a par* tition made, purfoant to the faid decree and fubfequent order, of fo much of the faid eftates as remain unfold; ,and for veiling pan of foch eftates in Diana Mary Barter, and her heirs, fob* jeA to the trufts in the will of Francis Baber efquire, deceafed, and the rcfidue in truftees, to be fold; and for directing thoi application of the money which (hall arife by fuch file; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

no. An adt for veiling certain melTuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the parilh of	in	the county of

Kent, comprifed in the marriage fettlement of Shovel Blackwood and Sarah his wife, in truftees, to the feveral ufes within mentioned ; and alfo for veiling certain other melTuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the parilhes of	,

Ham, Sholdon, and Poultons, in the faid county of Kent, called Poul/on	Farm, and Wejl	Street, and Park Gate , intailed

upon the iffoe male of the faid Shovel Blackwood, in other truftees, to the feveral ufes within mentioned.

in. An ad for veiling in truftees certain mefluages, lands, and tenements, in the county of Surrey, fettled in and by the will of Thomas Bridges efquire, deceafed, to be fold and conveyed purfuant to articles; and for laying out the purchafe money in other lands and tenements, to be fettled to the ufes of the faid will.

1X2. An aft for dividing, allotting, indofing, and draining, certain moors, or pieces of wade land, within the parilhes of Saint John and Saint Bene dill, in Glqftonbury, in the county of Somerjct.

_ 113. An a£l to enable James Rstmball, now called James gfuilter, his fim and other Tons, and their heirs male, to take and ufe the furname, and bear the coat armour, of , in purfuance of the will of James $>uilter, efquire, deceafed.

Digitized by L^ooQle

Pafled Anno decimo nono

GEORGII III. Regis.

Being the Fifth Seflion of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLlCK ACTS.

Cap. i.T?OR further continuing an aft, made inf the feventeenth J? year of the reign or his prefent Majefty, intituled* An aft to impower his Majejly to fecure and detain perfons (barged tvitb, or fufpcfted of \ the crime of high treafon, committed in any of ! his Majejly s colonies or plantations in America, or on the high feasy j or the irime of piracy.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifcd in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and feventynine.

Cap. 3- For continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoofand feven hundred and feventy-nine.

Cap. 4. For granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of certain muflins, callicoes, and coffee.

Cap. 5. For granting relief to the captors of pnzes, with refpe# to bringing and landing certain French prizes in this kingdom.

Cap. 6. To authorize the lord high admiral, or the commif-fioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, for the time being, to order any court-martial, which may be appointed on the charge of vice admiral Sir Hugh Pali/er againft the honourable admiral Auguflus Keppel, to be hoiden on Ihore.

Vol. XXXII.	c	Cap.

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 7. For making the church or chapel ere&ed by

Charles Roe efquire, in the town of Macclesfield, in the county palatine of CheRer, a perpetual cure and benefice, and for endowing the fame, and vetting the right of nomination or presentation thereof in the faid Charles Roe, his heirs and affigns ; and for other purpofes.

Cap. 8. For the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on (hore.

Cap. 9. For allowing the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown filk in any lhips or veffels, for a limited time.

Cap. 10 For repealing an alt, made in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft far the mere eafy and better recruiting of his Majefiy's land forces and marines •, and for fubftituting other and more efieltual prorifions in the place thereof.

Cap. 11. For rendering more beneficial an alt, made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled. An aft for eftablijbing agrtmentSy made between Charles Brandling efquirey and other perjons, proprietors of landsy for laying down a waggon way9 in order for the better fupplying the town and neighbourhood of Leeds, in the county of York, with cooky by enabling the faid Charles Brandling to fuppiy Annually, a larger quantity of coals to and tor the ufe of the faid town and neighbourhood * and for regulating the prices of carrying coals from the repofito-ry at Caffon-dofe.

Cap. 12. For repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Linlithgow and Bathgate.

Cap. 13. For the better relief and employment of the poor, within the feveral hundreds of Hartfmere, Hoxne^ and Tbredting, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 14. Eor the better fuppiy of mariners, and fearoen to ferve in his Majefiy’s (hips of war, and on board merchant fhips and other trading (hips and veffels.

Cap. 15. To continue an all, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of hisprefent Majefty, (intituled. An aft for regulating MadhoufeSy) for a further time therein limited.

Cap. 16. For puniflhing mutiny and defenion $ and for the better payment of (he army and their quarters.

Cap. 17. To explain and amend an act, made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for amending, explainingy and reducing into one aft of parliament, the laws relating to the government of bis Ma-jefiy's JhtpSy veffchy and Jones by f a.

Cap. 18. For raifing a certain fum of money by way of aiv-nuities, and for eftabJilhing a lottery.

Cap. 19. For defraying the charge of the pay and ebathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred and* (eventy-nine.

Cap. 20. For the better raifing and Securing a fund for a provifion for the widows and children of the minifters of the church of Scotland, and of the heads, principals, and *	u	matters*

Digitized by C^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

, tnafters, in the univerflties of Saint	Gl/ifgtnu,	Edin-

burgh, and Aberdeen} and for repeating two afts made in the (Seventeenth and twenty-feeorrd years of the reign of his late majefty King Geerge the Second for thofe purpofcs.

Cap. 21. For licenfing and regulating lottery-office keepers. /

Cap. 22. To continue feveral laws relating to the giving fur- < ther encouragement for the importation of naval ftores from the I Britifh colonies in America, to the landing of rum or fpirits of the Britifh fugar plantations before payment of the duties of ex-cife; to the dilbontimiing the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs’ lard, and greafe; to the regulating the •feea of officers of the cuftoms and naval officers in America \ to i the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and \ otheF articles to his Maiefty’s fugar cronies in America; and to 1 the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum (hipped as (lores to be confumed on board merchant (hips on their voyages.

Cap. 23. More effeftually to enable the prefident and governors of the hofpital or infirmary at Bath, eftabhfhed by an aft, paflfed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King Geerge the Second, intituled. An aft for eflablijkings and well-governing an hofpital or infirmary in the city of Bath, to take or acquire and hold, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any intereft in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and any money or perfona! property, to be laid out in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, purfuant to any will, or otherwife, to the amount limited in the faid a61.

Cap. 24. For charging the lands within the north level, parf of the great level of the fens called Bedford Levels and divers lands adjoining thereto, in the manor of Crowhnd, with further taxes* for a limited time, for difeharging the debts incurred by thecom-raifiioners under an aft of the twenty-feventh year of King George the Second; and for better fupporting and preferving the drainage of the faid lands.

Cap. 25. For granting to his Majefty additional duties upon the produce of the feveral duties under the management of the nfpoftive commiflioners of the cuftoms and excife in Great Britain.

Cap. 26. To continue and amend an aft, made in the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the encouragement of the white herring fijhery.

Cap. 27.For further continuing and extending the provifions of two afts, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty9for granting a bounty on certain fpccies of Britifh and Irifh linens exported, and taking off the duties on the im-portation offoreign raw linen yarns made dfflax; and for granting a bounty on the exportation of Britifh chequed and Jlriped linens, and upon Britifh and Irifh diapers, huckabacks, faceting, and other linen} if above a certain breadth.

28. To permit, during the prefent hoftilities with Fftmee9 certain goods enumerated in the aft of navigation to be imported

c 2	in

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

in Briti/h built (hips fold to foreigners, and for releafing (hips and goods which have been feized in purfuance of the fajd adt.

Cap. 29. For allowing corn, grain, and flour, imported into the port of Cowes, in the Ijle of Wight, to be landed without payment of the duties, under the like reftrtdlions as corn, grain, and flobr, are allowed to be landed at the feveral ports mentioned in an a<5l, made in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty's reign, intituled, An aft to regulate, the importation and exportation cf corn.

Cap. 30. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the feveral parifhes within the hundred of Cosford (except the parilh of Hadleigh,) and alfo of the parifli of Poljled, within th^ hundred of Babergh, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 31. For building a new afiize or town hall and market-houfe, within the city or borough of Wells* in the county of Somerfet; and for regulating the markets within the faid city or borough.

Cap. 32. For continuing and amending two adts, made in the twenty* fixth year of his late Majefty, and the fourth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from Piper's Inn to Glajlonbury, and feveral other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Somerfet 5 and for repairing the road tfrom Piper's Inn aforefaid to Atbelney-bridge; and alfo for paving, cleanfing, and lighting the city or borough of Wells9 in the faid county, and for removing and preventing incroachments, nuifances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 33. For draining, improving, and preferving, the low lands in the par idles of Altcar9 Sefton, Halfall, and Walton upon the hill, irt the county palatine of Lancafler.

Cap. 34. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an adl parted in the feventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for draining and preferving certain fen lands and low grounds, lying in the fouth level, part of the great level of the fens commonly called Bedford Level, and in the county Cambridge, between the river Cam, otherwife Grant, We!7, and the hard lands of Bottifham, Swaffham Bulbeck, WSwaffham Prior, Eajl\ and for impowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company cf confervators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain fen lands lying within the limits aforefaid, com-tnonly called Inverted Lands.	.

Cap. 35. To repeal fo much of feveral adls of parliament, as prohibit the growth and produce of tobacco in Ireland\ and to permit the importation cf tobacco of the growth and prodbee of that kingdom into Great Britain, under the like duties and regulations as tobacco of the growth of the Britijh colonies in America is permitted to be imported.

Cap. 36. For eredring a tnarket-houfe, and regulating the markets, within the borough of Bridgewater, in the county of Somerfet; and for paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching the ftrects, lanes, and other publick paflages and places within the faid borough.

Cap. 37:

Digitized by C^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 37. For granting a bounty upon the importation into this kingdom of hemp, or the growth of the kingdom of Ireland* for a limited time.

Cap. 38. For altering the times of holding the Martinmas and Candletntis terms in the court of exchequer in Scotland.

Cap. 39. For paving, repairing, cleanfing, andJighting, the town and borough of Burton upon Trent* in the county of Stafford ; and for removing and preventing obftruftions and annoyances therein.

Cap. 40. For better fecuring the duties on ftarch,

# Cap. 41. For granting a drawback of the duties, impofed by f an aft of the laft feflion of parliament, upon all foreign wines ex- [ ported from Great Britain to any Britifb colony or plantation ip \ America, or to any Britijb fettlement jn the Eajl Indies.

Cap. 42. To enable the truftees for putting in execution an a<5^ of the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for buildr ing a bridge at Worcefter, over the river Severn, and for opening convenient avenues to the /aid bridge, to finifh and complete the faid bridge, and to carry the purpofes of the faid aft into execution.

Cap. 43. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debt* within the foak of Horncaftle, and wapentakes of Wraggoe and Gartree (except the parifh of Great Sturton,) and within the wapentakes of Louth EJke, Ludborougb, and Calceworth* and parifhe$ of Wrangle* Leake Leverton* Benington* Butter wick* Freiflon, and Fijbtoft* in the hundred of Skirbeci* in the county of Lincoln.

■ Cap. 44. For the further relief of protcftant diflenting minif-lers and fchool matters.

Cap. 45. To enable the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancajler to fell and difpofe of certain fee-farm rents, and other rents, and to enfranchife copyhold and cuftomary tenements, within their furvey, and to encourage the growth of timber on lands held of the laid duchy.

Cap. 46, For building a new gaol and houfe of correftion for the county of Pembroke.

Cap. 47. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe adrniffions have been omitted to be ftamped ac- ' cording to law, or, having been ftamped, have been loft or miilaid; and for allowing them time to provide admiifions duly ftamped; and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks attornies and folicitors.

Cap. 48. To explain fo much of an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aSf for the encouraging and increaftng of Jhipping and navigation, as relates to the importation into this kingdom, and other bis Ma-

c 3

jefty

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

jefty’s dominions, of goods and commodities of the growth of

production of Africa, Afia, or America, which are manufactured m foreign parts; for preventing matters of (hips removing their veflels out of the ftream, except to the lawful quays, in the port pF London, before the goods are difeharged* or their veflels are cleared by the proper officers inwards or outwards 5 and for al-Jowihg the officers of the cuftoms and excife to make ufe of lights 6rt board (hips in the haven, dock, or bafon, at the port of Kingjlon upon Hull.

Cap. 49. To prevent abufes in the payment of wages to perfons employed in the bone and thread lace manufactory.

Cap. 50. For more effectually preventing frauds by private diftillers, and for the better fecuring the duties on low wines $md fplrits.

Cap. 51. Far granting to his Majefty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all perfons letting hories to hire for travelling in the manner therein mentioned j and certain duties on ell horfes let to hire for the purpofes of travelling port, and by time; and upon certain carriages therein mentioned.

Cap. $2. For taking off the duty upon all fait ufed ip the curing of pilchards, and laying a proportionable duty upon all pilchards confumed at home only.

Cap. $3. For difeontinuing the duties on cotton-wool, the growth and product of the Britijh colonies or plantations in America, exported from this kingdom.

Cap. 54. For further continuing, for a limited time, an aCV* made in the fixteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to authorife, for a limited time, the pumfhment, by hard labour, of offenders, who, for certain crimes, are or /hall become liable to be tranfported to any of his Majefly's colonies and plantations.

Cap. 55. For enlarging the times appointed for the meetings of corhmillioners or truftees for putting in execution certain aCts of this feffion of parliament.

Cap. 56. For altering, amending, and enforcing, fo much of an aCt, made in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all perfons afting as auftioneers ; and certain rates and duties on all lands, houfts, goods, and other things, fold by auftion\ and upon indentures, hafes, bonds, deeds, and other injlruments; as relates to the method ot granting licences to auctioneers, and to the collecting the duties on eftates and goods fold by auction.

Cap. 57. For the better providing of a maintenance for the vicar of the parilh of The Trinity, in the city of Coventry.

Cap. 58. For preferving the navigation of the river Lee> in the counties of Hertford, Effex, and Middlefex.

Cap. 59. For repealing the duties on all inhabited houfes, im-pofed by an act made in the laft feffion of parliament, and for granting: to his Majefty other duties upon all inhabited houies in (treat Britain, ah4 for amending the faid aCt 1 and

* *	aifo*

Digitized by CjOOQie

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

alfo for amending fo much of an ad, made in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as impofes a duty upon all fervams retained or employed in the feveral capacities therein mentioned.

Cap. 60. For eftablilhing certain payments to be made to the Vicar of the parilh of Saint Michael in the city of Coventry for the time being in lieu of tithes ; and for repealing fo much of an ad of the fouith and fifth of Philip and Mary as relates to the payment of tithes in the faid parifh.

Cap. 61, For continuing in the pofleffion of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl-Indies> for a limited time, and under certain conditions, the territorial ac-quifitions and revenues lately obtained in the Enjl Indies; and for continuing, for a limited time, fo much of an ad, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An afl for eftablijhing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the Eaft India company, as well in India as in .Europe, as wilt expire in the courfe of the prefent year.

Cap. 62. To permit the removal of lime, and other articles necemry for the improvement of land, without cocquet or bond.

Cap. 63. For railing a certain fum of money, by loans or ex* chequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventynine.

Cap. 64. For railing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine.

Cap. 65. For the further augmentation of the falaries of the puifne juftices of the courts of King’s bench and common pleas, and of the barons of the coif of the court of exchequer, at Weft-

, 66. For granting to his Majefty feveral additional duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, ana paper; and for better fecur-mg the ftamp-duties upon indentures, leafes, deeds, and other inftruments.

Cap. 67. For the encouragement of feamen, and the more fpcedy and effe&ual manning his Majelly's navy.

Cap. 68. For explaining, amending, and rendering more ef-fetfual, an a<ft parted in the twenty.third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for the more eafy andfpcedy recovery of fmall debts within the Tower Hamlets.

Cap. 69. For the more effe&ually preventing the pernicious pra&ices of fmuggling in this kingdom ; and tor indemnifying perfons who have been guilty of offences againft the laws of the cuftoms and excife, upon the terms therein mentioned

Cap. 70. For extending the provifions of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Firft, intituled. An all to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrejls; and for other purpofes.

Cap. 71. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund; and for applying certain monies therein

mentioned

Digitized by

Google

A TABLED the STATUTES.

ipentionpd for the fervicc of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine ; and for further appropriating the fup-flies granted in this feflion of parliament.

Cap. 72. To explain, amende and render more effectual, the feveral laws now in being relative to the militia forces of this kingdom; and for making certain proviftons relative to thefen-cibk* men in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 73. For enabling his Majelty to raife the fum of one million, for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 74.. To explain and amend the laws relating to the tranfportation, imprifonment, and other punifhment, of certain offenders.

Cap. 75. For removing certain difficulties with refpeft to the more fpeedy and effectual manning of his Majefty’s navy, for ^ limited time..

Cap, 76. For augmenting the militia.

Cap. 77. To enable the commiflioners of his Majefty’s trea-fury to compound a debt due to the crown from James Gildart ^nd his fureties, and for vefting the eftates of the faid James Gildart in Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 78. For enlarging the term of an a<51, pafled in the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for*building a temporary bridge over the river Tyne, between the town of Ncw-cajlJe upon Tyne and Gatejhead, in the county of Durham ; for completing the new (lone bridge oyer the faid river; and for making tne avenues to, and the paffage over the fame mor$

pommodious.

Cap. 79. For enlarging the term and powers of an adf, mad$ in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aQ for repairing the road from the turnr pike road at Buckton Burn, in the county of Durham, through Berwick upon Tweed, to Lammerton-hdl, and alfo the feveral other roads therein mentioned, lying in the faid county, and within the liberties of the faid town a/Berwick.

Cap. 80. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad>, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his mnjefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for repairing and widening the road from Thirfk over Skipton Bridge, through Balderfby, to Balderfby-gate, adjoining to button-moore, in the way to Ripon; and through Ainderby, Quernow, and Nofterfield, by Well FJa-fhes Gate, to Mafham, in the county of York ; and likeiviji for removing the toll houfe and turpike-gates at Bufby Stobb, in the faid county, to feme other convenient place in the road leading from Borough-bridge to the city ^/Durham.

Cap. 81. For continuing the term, and altering the powers of an aft, made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairings widening, and rendering fate and commodious feveral roads leading from the town of South Molron, in the fqunty of Devon.

£ap. 82. For continuing the term and altering and en-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Itrging the powers of an adf, paired in the twenty-eighth year of the-reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing ana widening the road from the town of Market Harborough, in the county of Lekefter, through the town of Lutterworth, in the faii county, to the city ^Coventry.

Cap. 83. For enlarging the terms and powers of three adlsf pafled in the feventh year of the reign of King George the Firft, and in*the fifteenth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road from Wendover to the town of Buckingham, and other roads in the county of Bucking-bam, fofar as the fame relate to the road from the weft end of the town of Beaconsfield to within half a mile of the river Colne9 near Uxbridge, in the county of Middlefex.

Cap. 84. For widening and repairing a lane cafled Pitt's or Sheppard's Lane, leading from the market-houfe in the town of Maidenhead, in the county of Berks, towards Cookham, in the faid county ; and for turning the courfe of the prefenf road, leading from Ray-mills and Cookham to the turnpike road near Maidenhead aforefaid.

Cap. 85. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an a<5t, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing the road from Afhby-derJa-Zouch, in the county of Leicefter, through Burton upon Trent* in the county of'Stafford, and to The Cock Inn in Tutbury, in the faid county.

Cap. 86. For enlarging the term of an aft, made in the twerity-eighth year of King George the fecond, intituled. An aft for repairing the road from a certain place in Bury, in the county of Huntingdon, through Warboys, Old Hurft, Saint Ives, Hilton, Eltifley, Warefley, Gamlingay, and Potton, to a houfe called The Spread Eagle in Stratton, within the feveralcounties 0/Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford.

Cap. 87. For enlarging the term and powers of an adf, made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for repairing and widening the rood from Cfoefterfield, to the turnpike road at Hernftone-Iane Head j and e?lfe the road branching from the faid road, upon the Eaft-moor, through Barflow and Wardlow, to the joining of the faid roads again Wardlow-mires; and alfo the road leading between the faid road and branch, from Calver-bridge to Baflow-bridge; and alfo the road from the turnpike road, near Newhaven-houfe, to the turnpike road near Grindlefordbridge, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 88. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an adl, made in the thirty-fecond year of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from Dewlbury to Eaiand, in the IVeJl riding of the county of York.

Cap. 89. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an adt* made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing and amending fevcral roads leading from Upton', in the county of IVorccjler, and other roads therein mentioned,-and for amending the road leading from the

mu*

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

Cnfsi In the parilh of Hanky Caflk, in the faid county, to the river Severn.

Cap, go. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft, palled in the twenty fixth year of the reign ofhis late Majefty,/*r repairing the road from the borough of Lcicefter, in the county of Lcicefter, to the town of Afhby-de-Ia-Zouch, in thefaii county.

Can. oi. For more effectually repairing the road leading from Stratford upon Avon to Edghtll, in the county of Warwick and for repealing the ftveral laws now in force relating to the faid road.

Cap. 92. For more effectually repairing, widening, and amending, the roads from Wigan to Prefer* in the county palatine of Lanccjier \ and for repealing feveral aCts, made in the thirteenth year of King George the Firft, and the fourth and twenty-third years of his late Majefty, relating to the faid roads.

Cap. 93. For amending and keeping in repair the road from a certain bridge over a brook or ftream called Sudbroot, ntar the city of Glouctfter, to the nine mile (tone on the Brifol road, at Or neat a place called The Clay Pits, in the county of GUuce/ier.

Cap. 94. For continuing the term, and varying the powers, of two *&s, made in the twenty-fixth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late Maiefty, for repairing and widening the road from the top of White Sheet Hill, in the parijh of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the county of Wilts, and (everal other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Dcrfet9 Sotntrfet and Wilts.

Cap. 95. For repealing an aCt, made in the twenty-fifth year of the rcigrn of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing ana widening the road from Alemouth, through the town of Alnwick, to Rothbury, and from thence to the town of Hexham; andaUo the road leading out ofthe afore faii road, between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey’s l)ike Bridge, in the county of Northumberland ; and for making more effectual provision for thfe repair ofthe faid roads

Cap. 96. For enlarging the term and powers of an aCt made in the thirtv-firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for repairing and widening the roads from Little Sheffield, in the county of York, through the towns of Hatherfage, Hope, and Caftleton, to Sparrowpit-gate, in the county of Derby, and from The guide poll, near Barber’s Fields Cupola, through Grind leford-bridge, Great HuckJow, Tidfwell, Hardgate-wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 07. For continuing the term, and altering the powers of an aCt, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing the road from the city of Carlitle to the town of Penrith, in the county of Cumberland, and from the jaid town of Penrith to Eamont Bridge which divides the counties of Cumberland and Weftmoreland.

Cap. 98.

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cep. 98. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of an a£t, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the mad boding firm Flimwell Vent, in the parijh of Ticehurft, in the county of Suflex, to the town and port i/Haftiftgs, .in the find county.

Cap* 99. For repairing and widening the road from Gander* lane* in the county of Derby* to Sheffield* in rtie weft riding of the county of Tori; and alfb the road branching out of the faid road at or near Atojbrough-gyreen, in the laid county of Dtrhy* to Chwn, in the fame county.

Cap* joo. For enlarging the term and altering and varying the powers' of fo much of an ad, made in the tbifty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for re* fairing fevered reads leading to the town ^/Bridgewater, in the county ef Somerfet, and other roads therein mentioned* as relates to the roads leading to the faid town.

Cop* iQi. For enlarging the term and powers of two acta made in the tbirty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads from Ox-downgate in Popham-lane to the city of Winchefter, andfront the faid aty through Hurfley to Chandler's Ford, and from Hurftcy afonfatd u the turnpike road at Romfty, and from the faid turnpike road through Ringwood, in the county of Southampton, to Long* ham-bridge, and Winborne Minfter m the county of Dorfet, and for amending and widening the rt>ad from Ringwood-gate in the hud county of Southampton to Wootfbridge* ind from a ftreet called The Hundred at Romfty* through Cbilmrtb* to the river at Swath* ling in the faid county.

Gup. ioa. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair tht roads leading from LuMewfach* in the county of (Carmarthen* to the town of Landovery* and from thence through the town of Liangatbck to the river Amman* and feveral other roads in the faid county communicating therewith.

Cap. 103. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of an ad, made in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing* widening* and keeping in repair* feveral roads hading from Kidwelly, in the county of Carmarthen, and alfo feveral mads boding from Llandllo, in the faid county* fo far as relates to the roads included in the Kidwelly diftrid; and alfo for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral other roads within the (hid county.

Cap. 104. For continuing the term and titering and enlarging tint powers of an ad, made in the thlrty-firft year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening the rottd from the Swan Inn at Leirherhead, to the Maypole at the upper end of Spiral or Somerfet Street, in the parijh of Stoke, near the town of Goldeford, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 105. For continuing the term and altering the powers pf at* ad, made in the tvrenty-iuuh year of the reign of his lata

majefty

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

majefty KSng Gcorgt the Second, for repairing the road from the city of Carlille, in the county of Cumberland, to the market and feaport town /Workington in thefaid county y fo far as the fame relates to the road between the town of Cockermouth and Work-ington afofefaid.

Cap. 106. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an aft, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads from the eaft end of Brough under Stainmore, in the county of Weftmoreland, by the end /Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge^ in the faid county.

Cap. 107. For enlarging the term and powers of fo much of an aft, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for amending, widen-ingy and keeping in repair, the roads from the town of Wrexham, in the county 0/ Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the county of Flint; and from the town of M>o\& to Northop, Holywell, and Rhuddlan, in the fame county; and from thence to the Ferryhoufe, oppofite to the town of Conway, in the county /Carnarvon ; and from Ruthin to the faid town of Mold ; as relates to the diftrift of road from the town of Wrexham^ in the county of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridgey in the county of Flint.

Cap. jo8. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for widening and repairing the high road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the counties of Lancafter and Weftmoreland, to the town of Kirkby in Kendal, and Jrom the faid town of Kirkby in Kendal^ through the town

Shapp, to Eamont Bridge, in the faid county /Weft more-

Cap. 109. For enlarging the term and powers of fo much of an aft, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his majefty' King George the Second, intituled, An aft for amending, widen-ingy and keeping in repair, the roads from the town of Wrexham, in the county (/Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the county / Flint; and from the town /Mold to Northop, Holywell, ^Rhuddlan, in the fame county; and from thence to the Ferryhoufe, oppofite the town of Conway, in the county of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to tin faid town of Mold ; as relates to the diftrift of road from the town of Ruthiny in the county of Denbigh, to the town of Moldy in the county of Flint.

Cap. 110. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft made in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, in-' tituled. An aft for repairing and widening feveral roads leading to the town of Lantriflent, and alfo the road leading from Newbridge to a place called the Old Furnace, all in the county of Glamorgan.

Cap. hi. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, parted in the thirtieth year of the reign of King George the Second, for amendingy widening^ and keeping in repair, the road from the turnpike road at the bottom of Shaw Hill, in the parijb of Melk-

ftiam.

A TABLE of the STATUTES*

(ham, through Googes Lane, Corfham, Biddeftone, and Weft Yauon, to the turnpike roadr at Upper Combe, in tbeparijhof Ca(lie-combe, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 112. For continuing the term of an a£t of the thirtieth “year of his late Majefty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in repair, the road from The Crofs Keys, other-wife Brickers Barn, in the Parijh of Corfham, in the county of Wilts, to Bath Eafton Bridge, in the county of Somerfet.

Cap. 113. To enlarge the term and powers of an aft, pafled in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads from Spann Smithy, in the townfhip of Elton, through the town of Middlewich; and by Spittle Hill in Stanthom, to Winsford Bridge; and from Spittle Hill to the town of Northwich, in the county palatine	Chefter.

Cap. 114. For reviving and continuing the term and varying the powers of an alt, made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majefty, for amendingy widening, and keeping in repaid feve-ral roads leading from the mar.ket-houfe, and elfewhere, in the town Ludlow, in the county ySalop; and for amending, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike or (ide-gate, in thp parilh of AJhford Bowdler, to the turnpike road on the Glee Hilly in the laid county.

(Cap. 115. To enlarge the term and powers of an a<51, pafted in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing the road from the town of Cirencefter to the town of $trpud, and that part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dud-bridge ; and alfo the road leading from Cirencefter towards Bifley, fit far as the bottom of Gulph Hill; all in the county of Gloucefter.

Cap. 116. To enlarge the term and powers of an a<5l, pafled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Cirencefter, in the county of Gloucefter, to Cricklade, in the county of Wilts. .

Cap. 117. For making and repairing feveral roads round the city of Brifiol*

Cap. 118, For amending the road from the nine mile (lone on the Brijlol road, at or near a place called The Clay PitSy to or near the chapel at Stone; and alfo the roads to and near Berkley, Durjley, Hot ton under Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury 5 and feveral other roads in the counties of Gloueejler and Wilts.

Cap. 119. For reducing into one a<5t of parliament the feveral laws now in force for repairing the road leading from the town or village of Tittenfor to the mod northern part of Tuli on the Hilly in Butt Laney in the county of Stafford \ and for repairing the road from Parlaflone Bridge, over Tittenfor Heath, through the town or village of Tittenfor aforefeid.

Cap. 120. For continuing the term,’and altering and enlarging the powers, of feveral aSs of parliament, made in the tenth year pf the reign of queen Anne, the eighth year of King George the Firff, and the twenty-fecond year of his late Majefty, for .	repairing

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

PRIVATE ACTS.

I.	A N aft fqr eatinguifhing the right of common upon eer-tain inclofed lands, within the parith of WinfortoH, in the county of Hereford.

2.	An aft for naturalising John Daniel Hofe.

3.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common, or wafte land* within the parith of Wood Ra/iwick, in the county of Norfolk.

4.	An aft to enlarge, explain, and amend, the powers given

in and by an aft, parted in the laft feflion of parliament, inti* tuled. An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor, parifb, and liberties, of Floor, othermfc Flower, in the county of Northampton; and for making the fame more effectual for the purpofes therein mentioned.

5.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftqres, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and' within the parith and libera ties of Bugbrook, in the county of Northampton.

6.	An aft for naturalizing Theodoras Martinus Mifpclblom Beijer.

7.	An aft fpr dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open

fields, meadows, and commonable places, in the parith of Barkby, in the county of Leieejler.	’

8.	An aft for confirming and eftablithing the divifion and allotment of the common or open fields, and common downs, within the manor of Million and Brigmerjlon, in the county of Wilts.

9.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, in the parith of Brattleby, in the county of Lincoln.

10.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, paftures, and commonable grounds, of Croft, in the County of Leieejler.

11.	An aft tor dividing and inclofing a common ftinted pasture, and a certain moor or common, within the manor of Weft Witton, in the north riding of the county of York.

12.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open common fields, common partuses, downs, and all other commonable lands, within the hamkt, vill, or tithing, of Ablington, in the parith of Bibury, in the county of Ghucefier.

. 13. An aft for dividing and inciofing certain open common fields, meadows, partures, and other commonable lands, in the parith of Binton, and in the hamlet of Drayton, in the parith of Old Stratford> in the county of Warwick.

14. An

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

14.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, heath, or wafte land, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the pari (hi of CoUfbill, in the county of Warwick.

15.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields within the parifh or Cohbam, in the county of Surry.

16.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the commons and wafte

Sounds within the townlhip of Lepton, in the parifh of Kirk-aton, in the weft riding cf the county of Tori.

17.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, meadows, paftures, and commonable places, in the lord*-(hips or liberties of Kmgbt Thorpe, and Thorpe Acre, in the county of Leiceficr.

*8. An aft for dividing, inclofing, and improving, certain commons, lands, and grounds,, in the townlhip of Afkwith, in the parifh of Weflon, in the county of York, and for other pur-pofes therein mentioned.

19* An aft for dividing and inclofing certain commons and wafle lands, within the manor and parifh of Broom, in thf county of Stafford.

20. An aft to difiblve the marriage had between the right honourable Hugh baron Percy, Lucy, roynings, Fitzpayne, Bryan, and Latimer, and the right honourable Ann baronefs Percy his wife, and to enahle him to marry again; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

ar. An aft to enable Nathaniel Lee Aflon efquire, and the heirs male of his body, to take and ufe the furname of Lee before and jointly with the furname of A&on, purfuant to the will Oi BaplkJl Lee efquire, tieceafed.

22. An aft to enable William Houfe the younger, and others therein deferibed, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Nowell, purfuant to the will of William Newell efquire, deceafed.

. 23. An aft for confirming and eftablifhing an exchange agreed upon between the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of The BleJJed Virgin Mary of Lincoln, and the right honourable Jalm lord Monfon, of certain lands and hereditaments in the county of Lincoln.

24.	An aft for vefting certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Hertford and Buds, (the fettled eftates of Jane Willfon, the wife of George Willfon efquire) in troftees, to be fold or exchanged, and for laying out the money to arife thereby in the purchafe of other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

25.	An aft for dividing, indofing, and allotting, certain commons or parcels of wafte lands, called Dunfley and Haffcott Commons, within the manor and parifh of Kenver, otherwise Kin fare, in the county of Stafford.

26.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, furze* leys, ftinted common paftures, and wafte grounds, in the ptrifo of Willingham, in the county of Lincoln.

27.	An

Digitized by LiOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

27.	An adt for extinguifhing the cattle gates or ieas upon certain dinted paftures, within the parifti of Weft Stower, in the county of Dorfet; ^and for allotting lands in exchange for part of the glebe lands, and for the faid cattle gates dr leas belonging to the impropriator of the faid parifti.

28.	An act for allotting, dividing, and inclofing, the open and common fields, and common or commonable meadows, paf-tures, lands and grounds, and common or wade land, within the parifti of Aven Dajfett, in the county of Warwick.

29.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common padures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the parifti and liberties of Baity, in the county of Northampton,

30.	An adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common padures, and alf other commonable lands and wade grounds, in the parifti of Mayfeyhampton, in the county of Gloucefler.

31.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, padures, and all other commonable lands within the manor and parifti of Himbleton, in the county of Worcejler.

32.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and all other commonable land, in the parifn of Grafton Flyford, in the county of Worcejler,

33.	An adt for dividing -and inclofing the feveral open and common fields, and all other commonable lands, within and belonging to the townftiip of Cropthorn, in the parifti of Crop-thorn, and county of Worce/ier.

34.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, in the parith of Elton, in the county of Huntingdon.

35.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, or commonable meadows, paftures, lands, and grounds, and wafte land, within the parifti of Herberbury, otherwife Har-bury, in the county of Warwick.

36.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the hamlet and liberties of Woodend, in the parifti of Blakejley, -in the county of Northampton.

37.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the open fields, open meadows, common paftures, and common or wafte grounds, within the townftiip of Stanton under Bardon, in the parifti of Thornton, and county of Leicejler.

38.	An adt for dividing, inclofing, and improving certain 6pen fields, ings, meadows, and commons, or wafte lands, within the parifti of Huttoft in the county of Lincoln.

39.	An adt for dividing, inclofing, and allotting, certain commons or wafte lands, within the parifti of Cainham, in the county of Salop.

40.	An adt for dividing and inclofing a certain common or piece of wafte ground within the townftiip of Fenwick, in the parifti of Campfale, in the weft riding of the county of York.

41.	An

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE 6f the STATUTES.

4*. An ad for dividing and incloiing the open common fields, common meadows* common paftures, commonable lands and wade grounds, Within the manor and parilh of Badlands in the count; of Gloacejkt*

4a. An zA for dividing and inclofmg a certain open common arable field, and alfo certain commons and watte lands, within the manor and parifh of Wtft Knighton^ in the county of Dor/et.

4$. An alt to enable John Raincocki and others therein de-ftribed, to take and ule the furname and arms of Fleming, purfuant to the will of Fletcher Flmingi dcccafed.

44* Ah zA for naturalizing Henry Amjinck.

45.	An alt for eftablilhing an exchange between George earl of Shrew/lury, and Thomas Gilbert efquire, of divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Stafford; and for the other pur-poles therein mentioned.

46.	An zA for confirming a partition of fevers! ettates, in the counties of IVilts and Somerjety between the honourable Charles WiOiam Windham and other the devifees of Charles late earl of Fgramont dcceafed, and their ifiue, and Charles marquis of Grandby, and Charlotte countefs of Aylesford, and for vetting and fettling the fame to the feveral ufes therein mentioned\ and for feveral other purpofes therein mentioned.

, 47. An alt to enable the guardians of fir Charles Style baronet, an infant, to grant leafes of his freehold ettates in Middlefex during his minority, and to pfiFe&Uate the other purpoies therein mentioned.

48.	An zA for-feje of the next prefentations to certain livings, late the ettates of Sir Qrifftb Boynton baronet, deceafed, for payment of his debts, and for lubftituting other parts of bis eftates to be charged with his younger children’s fortunes, in lieu of thole by his will charged therewith, and for other purport

49.	An zA for fale of part of the fettled ettates of Henry Scaurfield efquire, fituate in the county of Brecon, and for purchasing other ettates in the county of Pembroke, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to the fame ufes.

50.	An ad for vetting in truftecs, and their heirs, the fettled eftate of John Tempejl efquire, fituate in the county of Kent, ir> trull, to lell the fame* and for laying out the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled, in lieu thereof, to the fame ufes,

51.	An alt to impower pertain perfons to infranchife divers popyhold and cuttomary lands and tenements within the feveral manors or lordlhips of Titcbjield> Lee Marks and Adirabell, Crof-font and Newland, in the county of Southampton \ and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

5a. An alt to enable John Bowater efquire, during his life, fhftd after his death the guardian or guardians of his ifiue male by the honourable Frances Boivater his wife during their refpeltivQ infancies, to grant building leafes of his fettled ettates at Wool+ web and Charltont ip the county of Kent.

Vol. XXXJI,	4	$3-	Aa

Digitized by

Google

/

A T A BL E of the ST AT U T E S.

. 53. A© adl to enable the executors and truftees of the wiH of Charles Churchill efquire, deceafed, and in the marriage fettle-men t of Charles Churchill efquire, and lady Maria bis wife, to raife money by fale or mortgage or fome of the truft fecuritics for advancing to the children, in their father’s life-time, par* of their portions provided for them by the fettlement, but thereby not made payable till after his deceafe.

54.	An adl for veiling certain eftates in the counties of Gzr-marthen^ Brecon^ and Radnor, (devifed by the will of Roderick Gwynne efquire, deceafed) in truftees, to be fold ; and for laying out the money arifing therefrom in the purebafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

55.	An adl for varying certain provifions contained in an adl, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent majefty, for dividing and inclofing certain moors, commons, or trails of wafte land, within the parifh and manor of Lancbeftery in the county palatine of Durham.

56.	An adl for dividing and inclofing a certain tradl of common or waftc ground, called Lower Darwen Moor% in the parilh of Blackburn, in the county palatine of Lancajler.

57.	An adl for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the feveral open and common fields, moors, commons, and wafte grounds* in the parifh of Irthingtony in the county of Cumberland.

58.	An adl for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows,-common paftures, and other commonable lands, within the parifh of Claxtony otherwife Long Clawfon, in the county of Leicejler.

59.	An adl for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and commonable lands, within the parifh or liberties of Bucknelly in the county of Oxford.

60.	An adl for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, common paftures, moors, and wafte lands and grounds, within the manor and townfhip of Amcotts, in the parilh of AlthorpCy in the county of Lincoln.

61.	An adl for dividing and inclofing the commons and waflp grounds in the manor bf AJbover, in the county of Derby.

62.	An adl for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common meadows, and other common-able lands, in the manor and hamlet of Dean, in the parifh of Spelfburyy in the county of Oxford.

63.	An adt for dividing, inclofing, and allotting, certain commonable and wafte lands, called A ft on Common, Marlfpit Common, and Cock Shutiy within the parilh of Iron Afiony in the county of Gloucejler.

64.	An adl tor dividing and inclofing the common and open fields of Leire, in the county of Leijler.

65.	An adl for dividing and inclofing that part of the common or wafte ground called Kingfwoody which lies in the parifh ©f Stapletcny in the county of Gloucejler.

66.	An adl for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common Meadows, and common.

-	.	able

Digitized by

Google

A T A B L E of the STAT^l) T E 3.

*Me lands and grounds, within the parifh 6f Clifford Chambers^ !n thi county crf Gloucefer.

67.	An a a for dividing and inclofing the open common fields. Common meadbWs, wade lands, and commonable places, iWthin the parifhes and liberties of Burton and Hulcot, in the county of Bucks.

68.	An aft for confirming and eftablifhing a divifion and in* clofore of the common, or open fields and wade grounds, fcitthin the parifh of Mtldenhall, in the county of Wilts; and certain exchanges of lands and eftates within the faid parifh.

69.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, in the parifh of Market Raiftn, in the county of Lincoln.

70.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common meadows, and common padures, lying and being within the manors, lordfhips, or. liberties, of Kibwortb Beauchamps Kibwortb Harcourt, and Smeton Wejlerby, in the parifh of Kibwortb Beauchamp, in the county of Leicejler.

71.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common padures, and wade lands, of and within the nfanor, lord (hip, or liberties of L\tiU Bowden, in the county of Northampton.

72.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the oped add common fields, common meadows, common padures, commons, and other commonable lands, within the tithing of Mleot, in the parifh of Kintbury, in the county of Berks.

73.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain open and common fields, common meadows, common padures, commons, and commonable lands and grounds, within the parifh of Speen, in the county of Berks.

74.	An aft for dividing and inclofing a certain common or wade ground called Oulton Heath, in the parifh of Stone, in the county of Stafford'.

. 75. An aft for dividing and allotting the open common fields. Common meadows, common padures, wade lands, and com* monable places, in the manor and parifh of Wanborough, in the county of Wilts.

76.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open ^ and common fields, common padures, common meadows, and

other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the parifh Cf Kiflingbury, in the county of Northampton.

77.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common padures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manors and parifhes of Milton, otherwife Middleton, Malfor, and Collingtree, ©therwife Collingtrougb, in the county of Northampton.

78.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common padures, common meadows, and other cQiri-jaonable and wade lands, of ldbury> Bowld, and Fofcott, withiii the manor and parifh of Idbury$ in the county of Oxford.

79.	Ah

Digitized by LjOOQ le

A TABLE of the STATUTES*

79.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the open field*, meadows, paftures, commons, foreft and wade grounds, in the parifh of Caherton, in the county of Nottingham.

80.	An alt for making the exemplification of the laft will

end teftamenc of Mary> Edwards, deccafed, evidence in all the courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Inland.	,

8r. An alt for naturalising Peter Daillf Bonnevaux•

8a. An alt for naturalizing John $ellon.

83.	An a A for naturalising fames CbarnauJ-

84.	An alt for appointing new truftees, in the place of tho/e deceafed, for fale of fo much of the eftates late of fir William Dalflon knight, as will be fufficient for the payment of his debts and legacies by his will charged thereon,

85.	An alt for enabling the truftees, named in the will of

Richard Perfehowfe, late of Reynolds Hall, in the county ofStaf-ford eiquire, deceafed, to borrow and take up at intereft, oa mortgage of the freehold eftates late of the faid Richard Perfe-boQufe> any fum or Turns of money not exceeding the Turn of three thoufand three hundred pounds, to be applied ity or to* wards the purchafe of the copyhold eftates late of the faid Richard Perfehowfe.	;

86.	An alt for vefting in truftees the timber and wood grow* ing upon the eftate late belonging to Thomas Rous efquire, deceafed, in the county of IVorceller, in truft, to fell the fame, and apply the monies srifing therefrom towards difeharging. certain incumbrances affelting the (aid eftate, and for the other purpofes therein mentioned.

87.	An alt for fale of the eftates of the kite John JNtcoH, of JWfs/r, in the county of Tori efquire, for payment of his debts,

88.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the feveral open com* imms* moors, and wafte grounds, within the manor and town-Slip of EcctefcdU in the parity of Sheffield, in the weft riding of the county of Tori,

89.	An alt for dividing and inclofing the open common field, and commonable lands and grounds, within the manor ana parifh of Evenly, otherwife Bury Manor, in the county of Northampton.

00. An alt to diflolve the marriage of Francis Ofborne, baron Gfborne, of Kiveton, in the county of Tori, commonly called marquis of Carmarthen, with lady Amelia D’Arcy, baronefs Conyers, his now wife; and to enable him to marry again 5 and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

91.	An a A for confirming and carrying into execution, a a award touching certain questions and difputes between the right honourable Edward lord Beaulieu and Jfabella lady Beaulieu ms wife, and the moil noble George duke of Montagu, Henry duke^ of Butcleugb, and Elizabeth dutchefc of Buuleugh his wife, and the right honourable Charles William, eldeft fon of the faid duke anddutchefs of Buccleugh, commonly called earl of Dalkeith.

92.	An alt to enable the truftees of certain eftates fituate in the parilhes of Saint Mary Redtliffe and Saint Thomas, or one of

them.

Digitized by Good'

TABLE of the STATUTES.

them, in the city of Briflol, given by Thomas Eden the elder, late of Broadmarjlon, in the parifti of Pebworth9 in the county of Gloucejier, gentleman, for charitable ufes, to grant building leafes thereof.

93.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the feveral whole year lands, common fields, half year lands, (hack meadows and heaths, and other commons, wafte and commonable lands, within the parifti of Darfmgham, otherwise Derfwgham> in the county of Norfolk.

94.	An ad for dividing and inclofmg the commons or moors, and wafte grounds, within the manor or lordftiip of Morland) in the parifti of Morland, in the county of Wejlmoreland.

95.	An ad for dividing, allotting and inclofing, certain open and common fields, common paftures, and other commonable lands, meadows, and wafte lands, within the parifti of ChiJledon% in the county of Wilts.

96.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the whole year lands and breaks, common fields, half year lands and heaths, and commons, and commonable and wafte lands, within the parifti of Grimjlon, in the county of Norfolk.

97.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the commons or wafte grounds Within the townftiip of Cranage, in the county palatine of Cbejler.

98.	Aft ad for dividing and inclofing the feveral commons and wafte grounds within the manor of Hafland) in the county of Derby.

99.	An ad to confirm and eftablifh the divifion and allotment of certain commons or forefts and wafte lands within the parifti of ElkJIeyy, in the county of Nottingham.

100.	An ad for dividing and inclofmg the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the parifti and manor of Taplowi in the county of Buckingham.

101.	An ad to difiolve the marriage of Henry Sealy, with Ann Woodroffe his now wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

102.	An ad to difiolve the marriage of Thomas Bailey Heath Bewell efquire, with the right honourable lady Elizabeth Birmingham) his now wife, and to enable him to marry again 5 and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

103.	An ad to difiolve the marriage of Charles Bromfield with Ann Broom his now wife, and to enable him to marry again \ and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

104.	An ad to difiolve the marriage of Charles Francois Du-mergue with Ann Catherine his now wife j and to enable him to marry again ; and for other purpofe?.

105.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open waftes and commons, lying in the manor of Slegil), in the county of Weft-jnoreland.

VoL. XXXII.

The End of the TABLE,

e

Digitized by

Google

J

THE

S T A T UT E S at Large,

....U	r	■ — ■ , ,,	:i •* ' ■ i ■	■■■

Anno regni G E O R G11 III. , Mag-nee	Britannia, Franc,

' decimo

, 1

AT //&<? parliament begun and holden at Weft-minfter, the twenty-ninth day of November, Domini 1774,' /« the fifteenth year of the reign <f ourfovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith,&c. .And from thence continued by feveral prorogation, to the twentieth day o/'November, 1777;	be

fourteenth parliament of Great Britain*

C A P. I.

An aft for continuing an aft, made in the laji fefjion of parliament intituled, An adt to impower his Majefty to fecure and detain perfons charged with, or fufpedted of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantation* in America, or on the high feas, or the crime of piracy.

WHEREAS an aft was made in the laf JeJJion of this Preamble.

preftnt parliament, (intituled, An adt to impower his *7 III. Majefty to fecure and detain perfons charged with, or fufpedled cap. 9. recited# of, the crime of high treafon, committed in any of his Majefty V colonies or plantatibns in America, or on the high feas, or the crime of piracy ;) which aft was to continue and be in force until the firjl day of January, one thoufanifeveh hundred andfeventy- eighty and no longer: and whereas it is expedient that the Jaid aft Jhould be continued for a further term; may it therefore pleafe your Majejly that it may be enafted\ and be it enadted by the king’s moft Vo*.. XXXII.	B	excellent

Digitized by

Google

/

2	Anno decirro o&avo Georcii III. C. 2-6. ' f *778.

f

excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent and further parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That 1^1^79?	and	all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers,

J ‘ *	*	and qualifications therein contained, (hall be, and the fame are

hereby further continued until the firft day of January one thtmfand feven hundred and feventy-nipe, and no longer,

c a p. ir.

An aft for granting an aid to his Majcftv by a land tax, to be raifed in Britain, for the fervice of the year one thouiand feven hundred and fevt nty -eight. At Jour /billings in the pound.

CAP. III.

An aft for continuing and granting to his Majetty certain duties upon piah, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice cf the year one thoufond (even hundred and feventy-eight.

C A P. IV.

An aft for punifliin* mutiny and defertion \ and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

C A P. V,

aft for the regulation of bis Majefty's marine forces while on fhore,

C A P. VI.

An a El for th$ better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in his Majeflfs Jbips of war, and on board merchant Jbips and other trading /hips and vejfels.

Preamble- T? O R the better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in his Jl Majeffs /hips of war, and on board merchant Jbips, and other fading Jbips and vejf/h; be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament From the paf- aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and ung of this pfter the palling of this a<ft, until tire twenty-fifth day of March, aft till March qrie tfipufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, and no longer, *5* 1t3fhiD1Cr* fexccPt in refpeft xo fuch merchant (hips, and other trading etc.^mav he mips vcfTels, which ihall be on their voyage before the faid navigated by twenty -fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and three-fourths feventy-nine, who (hall be, and are hereby allowed the liberty toreignica. an(j bencgt 0f returning home navigated in the manner as here-mcn\	in-after is provided,) it fhall and may be lawful for any merchant

(hip, or other trading (hip or vciTeJ, to be navigated by foreign ^	teamen or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain, or of

any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or bis Majefty’s natural or naturalized fubjeds, fo as the number of fuch foreign feamen or mariners do not exceed three-fourths of themariners at any one time employed to navigate fuch merchant fhip, or other trading (bip or vefleJ, and that one-fourth at lead of the mariners or feamen fo employed,, be at all times natives qr bis Majefty’s naturalized fubjeds of Great Britain, (fudden

death

Digitized by

Google

. . >

1778*] Anno decimo o£tav6 Georgii III. C. 7-1 ii	§

death and hazard and cafualties of war, and the Teas, faved and. excepted,) one aft of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the fecond, (intituled.

An aft for the encouraging and encreafing of/hipping and navigation,) or any other ftature or law to the contrary'notwithftanding.

II. Provided always^ That nothing in this aft contained fliall This aft n«t extend to take away or reftrain the effect of any fuch royal pro- J®Tai damation, as his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, are impow- mation to be ered to make by virtue of an aft; pafled in the thirteenth year made purfuartt of his late Majefty’s reign, (intituled. An at1 for the better fupply to an aft 13 tf mariners and feamen, to ferve in his Majejiys /lips of war, and on Gco* * board merchant Jbips and other trading /hips and privateers4)

-CAP. VII.

An aft for repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Wigton.

CAP. VIII,

An aft to enable his Majefty to licenfe a theatre in the city of Briftol.

C A P. IX.

Aa aft for taking down the parith church of LHford, being a vicarage united to thf reftory of Achurcb, in the connty of .Northampton) and for repairing the parith church of Achurch afofeiaid j and for other	*

purports therein mentioned.

C A P. X.

An aft to continue and enlarge the term and powers of an aft, made id the thirtieth year of the reign of King George the lecond, for building a bridge over the ri»er Lea, at or near a place called Jeremy's Ferry } and for making, repairing, and widening roadc from thence into the great roads at Snare (brook, in the county of Eflex, and at Clapton, in the county of Middlcfex.

CAP. XI.

An aft for repealing an aft, paf/td in the fourteenth year of his fire-fent Majefty's reign, intituled, An aft for the better regulating the government of the province of the Ma/fachufets Bay in New England.

WHEREAS	the province	of the Maffachufets Bay had for Pre*mbI*4

many years been governed under a charter, granted by their late majefties King William and Queen Mary : and whereas an aSl, ^ ^ched* pajftdm the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefty'> reign, intituled, * rec * An aft for the better regulating the government of the province of the Maffachu/ets Bay in New England, has been found to create great uneafineffes in the minds of the inhabitants of the /aid province* and has occafioned jealouftes and qpprehenfions of danger to their liberties and rights in/evtral other of the colonies and plantations in North America : for quieting and extinguifking fuch uneafineffes and ap-prehenfms, be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and * temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the repealed# palling of this aft, the (aid aft, of the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, be, and the fame is hereby re-® pealed.

Ba	CAP.

Digitized by

Google

4	Anno	decimo o£tavo Georgii III. c. 12.	[1778.

t.	CAP.	XII.

Aft aft for removing all doubts and apprehenfiom concerning taxation by the parliament of Great Britain in any of the colonies, pro* vinces, and plantations in North America and the Weft Indies; and for repealing fo much of an aft, made in the fcventh year of the reign of his prefent Maje/ly, as impofes a duty on tea imported from Gfeat Britain into any colony or plantation in America, or relates thereto,

Preamble. \KJ 9 ^	^ AS taxation by the parliament of Great Britain,

VV for the purpofe of raiftng a revenue in his Majefly's coloniesi ‘	provinces,	and	plantations, in North America, has been found by

experience to occafion great uneafmejfes and diforders among his Maje-fly's faithful fubjefts, who may nevertbelefs be difpofed to acknowledge , the ju/lire of contributing to the common defence of the empire, provided fuch contribution Jhould be raifed under the authority of tlx general court, or general affembly, of each refpeftive colony, province, or plantation: and whereas, in order as well to remove the faid unea-Jineffes, and to quiet the minds of his Mojejly's fubjefts who may be iijpofed to return to their allegiance, as to rejlore the peace and welfare of all his Majefty s dominions, it is expedient to declare that the King and parliament of Great Britain will not impofe any duty, tax, 0r affeffment, for the purpofe of raifing a revenue in any of the colonies, provinces, or plantations: May it pleafe your Majefty that it may be declared and cnafted ; and it is hereby declared and enabled by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confetit of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the No tax to be Authority of the fame, That, from and after the pafling of this aft, the King and parliament of Great Britain will not impofe King*and par- any duty, tax> or afleflment whatever, payable in any of his liament of Majefty’s colonies, provinces, and plantations, in North America Great Britain, or the IVeft Indies; except only fuch duties as it may be expeon any of the dient to impofe for the regulation of commerce ; the net pro-Norme- duce	duties	to be always paid and applied to and for the

rica or the ufe of the colony, province, or plantation, in which the fame WHt Indies: (hall be refpeftively levied, in fuch manner as other duties col-excepr, etc. Icfted by the authority of the relpeftive general courts, or general aflemblies, of fiich colonies, provmces, or plantations, are ordinarily paid and applied.

So much of an II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, aft 7 Geo. III.from and after the parting of this aft, fo much of an aft, made as impoics a	the feventh year of his prefent Majefty's reign, intituled. An

imported from	for ZratltxnZ ttrtain duties in the Britim colonies and plantations

Great Britain ** America ; for allowing a drawback of the duties of cufioms upon into America, the exportation from this kingdom of coffee and cocoa nuts of the pro-repealed. guce 0f the faid colonies or plantations; for difeontinuing the drawback r payable on China earthen ware exported to America; and for more effeftually preventing the dandtffme running of goods in the faid colonies and plantations; as impofes a duty on tea imported from 'Great Britain into any colony or plantation in America, or has ' relation to the laid duty, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

1778.] Anno decimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 1 3,

CAP. XIII.

5

An act to enable his Maicjly to appoint commijjioners with fufficient powers to treaty ton fait y and agree upon the means of quieting the diforders now fubftfling in certain of the colonies, plantations, and provinces of North America.

FO R the quieting and extinguijhing of divers jcaloufies and op- Preamble.

prebenfions ef danger to their liberties and rights, which have alarmed many of his Majeftys fubjefts in the tclcnies, provinces, and plantations of New Hamplhire, Maflachufets Bay, Rhode Ifland; Connecticut, New York, New Jerfey, Penfylvania, the three lower counties d//Delaware, Maryland, Virginia,North Carolina,South Carolina, and Georgia and for a full manifejlition of the juft and x gracious purpofes of his Majejly, and his parliament, to maintain and fecurc all his fubjefls in the clear and perfect enjoyment of their liberties and rights; be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may HisMajefty be lawful for his Majefty, from time to time, by letters patent impowed to i under the great feal of Great Britain, to authorise and impower co^iTfrfonrrs five able and fufficient perfons, or any three of them, wto treat, to lreat ]wirh confult, and agree with any body or bodies politick and corpo- the Americans rate, or with any aflembly or aflemblies of men, or with any for red rtfs ot perfon or perfons whatsoever, of and concerning any grievances, gT,evanccat or complaints of grievances, exifting, or fuppofed to exift, in the government of any of the faid colonies, provinces, or plantations refpedhvely, or in the laws and ftatutes of this realm refpedting* the fame; and of or concerning any aid or contribution to be furnifhed by any of the faid colonies, provinces, or plantations refpcdfively, for the common defence of this realm, and the dominions thereunto belonging ; and of and concerning any other regulations, provifions, matters, and things, neceflary or convenient for the honour of his Majefty, and his parliament, and for the common good of all his fubje&s.

II. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted and declared. That Thc reRala-*0 regulation, provision, matter, or thing, fo propofed, treated, “™s»etc* confulred, or agreed, (hall have any other force or effedf, or be finally0 carried further into execution, than is herein-after mentioned binding until and provided, until the fame (hall have been confirmed by par- confirmed by iiament.	parliament. ^

III.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted by the authority Commifftonert aforefaid. That in order to facilitate the good purpofes of this may order a adt, his Majefty may lawfully enable the faid commiftioners, or Jofttlities tf any three of them, from time to time, to order and proclaim a cenation of hoftilities, on the part of his Majefty’s forces, by fea or land, for any time, and under any conditions or reftridtions ; and fuch order and proclamation to revoke and annul in the fame manner and form.

IV. And be it further enadted,, That it fhajl and may be His Mayfly

b3

lawful mayimpo*

6	Anno	dccimo	o&avo	Georgii	III.	c.	r$.	[1778.

the commif- lawful for his Majefty, by fuch letters patent as aforefaid, to fendr#b° ^r' aul^or^c an<* impower the faid commiflioners, or any three of eUmationfthe them, by proclamation under their refpe&ive hands and feals, prohibitory from time to time, to fufpend the operation and effect of a of p6Geo. certain a6i of parliament, made and pafled in the fixteenth year W1*	of the reign of his-prefent Majefty, for prohibiting all trade and

intercoprfe with certain colonies and plantations therein named, and for the other purpofes therein alfo mentioned, or any of the provifions or reftridtions therein contained ; fpecifying in fuch proclamation at what times and places refpetfively, and with what exceptions and reftridlions, and under what pafles and clearances, in lieu of thofe heretofore directed by any act or adts of parliament for regulating the trade of the colonies or plantations, the faid fufpenfion (hall take effedt; and the faid fijfpen-fion and proclamation, in the fame manner and form, to annul and revoke,

pr any other	V. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

ana^refatin ^at lt	aiM* Way ^ lawful for his Majefty, by fuch letters

to Arnerica10^ Patent 33 aforefaid, to,authorife and impower the faid commif-

Fafcd fince* jioners, or any three of them, to fufpend, in any places, and foi* eb.10,1763. any times during the continuance of this adf, the operation and effedt of any adt or adts of parliament which have pafled fine© the tenth day of February* one thoufand feven hundred and flxty-three, and which relate to any of his Majcfty’s faid colonies, provinces, qr plantations in North America, fo far as the fame does relate to them; or the operation and effedt of any claufe, or any provifion or matter therein contained, fo far as fuch clauies, provifions, or matters relate to any of the faid colonies, provinces, or plantations.

Hit Majefty VI. And it is hereby enadtecj by the authority aforefaid, may impower That it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, by fuch letters the commit patent as aforefaid, to authorife and impower the faid commif-paf^dons°-8ran^ uoaers, or any three of them* and they are hereby authorifed ^	*	and impbwered, to grant a pardon or pardons to any number or

defcription of perfons within the faid colonies, provinces, or plantations.

»nd to appoint VII. And* that no let or hindrance may happen from the vacancy governors in pj fa 0ffice of governor and commander in chief in any of the faid cs^ere.^hercin co^onies^ provinces, or plantations reffectively, or from the abfence of his Majefty Iut^ offiw from bis government, be it further enadted by the au-hath uiualjy thority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for hi,s MaJe-appointed fty, by fuch letters patent as aforefaid, to authorife and impower the faid commiftSoners, or any three of them,*in any of the faid colonies, provinces, or plantations refpedlively, wherein his Majefty hath ufoally heretofore nominated and appointed a governor,, to nominate and appoint, from time to time, by any inftrument under their hands and feals, a proper perfon to bn the governor and commander in chief in and for any fuch colony, province, or plantation ; to have, hold, and exercife the the faid office of governor and commander in chief in and for, fuch colony or plantation refpcdfivcly, with all fuch powers and

guthoritie;

Digitized by

^ Google

1778.] Anno decimo oftavo GeorgIi III. c. 14, 15.	7

authorities as any governor of fuch province heretofore appointed by his Majefty might or could have exercifed, in as full and ample manner and form as if fuch governor and commander in chief had been nominated ahd appointed by his Majefty’s letters patent or commiflion ; and for that purpofe, if need be, to revoke, annul, and make void, any commiflion or letters patent heretofore granted for appointing any iuch governor and commander in chief.

VIII. And be it further enabled, That this aft (hall continue Condnuare* to be in force until the firft day of June, one thouiand feven °f this aft. hundred and feventy-nine-

CAP. XIV.

An aft fur defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of tfie rmtffia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thouiand leven hundred and fieventy-eight; and for filling up vacancies in the militia, in the cafes therein mentioned.

C A P. XV.

An aCl for the relief of the captors of prizes, with refpeft to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom

WHEREAS feveral Jhips andvejfels, with their cargoes, Preamble.

have been taken, and condemned as prize, in purfuance of and under the authority of an aft made in the ftxteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft to prohibit all Recital Qf if# trade and intercourfe with the colonies of New Hampjhire, eo-a*taP*i* Majffuhu[e\s Bay, Rhode Ifland, Connecticut, New York, New Penfyhania, the three lower counties on Delaware,

Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of the prelent rebellion within the faid colonies refpeftivdy; for repealing an aft, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to difeonttnue the landing and iifcharging, lading or Jhipping, of goods, warts, and mercbandife, at the town, and within the harbour tf/'Bofton, in the province of Maflachufets Bay 5 and alfo two afts, made in tire laft fcflion of parliament, for reftraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the faid afts refpeftively mentioned 5 and to enable any perfon or perfons, appointed and authorised by his Majefty to grant pardons, to iflue proclamations, m the cafes and for the purpofes therein mentioned:) And whereas part of the cargoes of fuch Jhips and vejfels, which is now fecured in the warthoufes at feveral ports in this kingdom, not being goods of the growth, produce, or menufafturt of any Britifh American colony or plantation, or of any other place or country under the dominion of his Majefiy, are fubjeCl, by the laws now in force, to the payment of high duties upon being imported into and ujed in this kingdom ; which duties, in fome inflames, being equal to the value of ihe golds ', will not nly be a difeourogement to the captors and importers thereof \ but will put them under the neeejfity to fendfitch goads, far the future, direCtiy fo foreign markets, to the lofs of his Majefty's revenue, and the pr&

B 4	judice

Arjno decimo oftavo Georgii III. 6. 15, f 1778*

judice of the trade of this kingdom: for remedy whereof may it plcafe your Majefy that it may be enabled; and be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and cohfent q( the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent AH goods,not parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That being the any goods, not being the growth, oroduce, or manufacture, of of^riuthetC* an^	American colony or plantation, or any otfter place or

America or country under the dominion of his Majefty, that have been, or other his any goods or merchandifes whatfoever Which (hall hereafter be Wajefty’sdo- taken during the continuance of the faid recited adt, and Which minion^, that have been, or (hall be brought into Great Britain by any of his taken,*0”(hall Majefty’s (hips of war, or by any private or other (hip or veflei be during the having commiflion from the lord high admiral of Great Bri-continuance tain, or the commiflioners for executing the office of lord higji *athC	^miral °f Great Britain for the time being, for, thit purpole,

brought into	anc* may* uPon condemnation thereof as lawful prize, be

Great Britain landed in any port within this kingdom, and fecured under the by any (hip King’s locks, in warehoufes provided at the foie expence of the properly com- capt0rs, with the privity and approbation,, and under the care mi onedv -nd infpedVion, of the commiflioners, or other principal officers, to be fecured for collecting and managing thq refpedlive duties of cuftoms and Kin^’/locks cxc^c to	hich goods are liable; and upon admiffion of any

inwfrehctufes, goods into fuch warehoufes, there (hall be paid by the at the expence captors, or their agents, the following duties only, which (hall of the captors, not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the exportation Duties to be pf the fame goods ; that is to fay, for all fuch goods (except paid when theydnes and vinegar, and fuch goods as are herein-after enume-goods aie	^ated) taken, as aforefaid, by any of his Majefly’s (hips of war,

warehouied. * hajf 0f tjlc fubfidy, granted by the adt of tonnage and poundage, pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the fecond ; and the whole of the further fubfidy of poundage, granted by an act pafled in the twenty-firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George, the fecond, being what is com* monly called the fubfidy one thoufand feven hundred and forty-feven; and for the like goods,* if taken by any private or other (hip having commiflion as aforefaid, the half of the old fubfidy, and no more; yvhich duties (hall be collected, paid, and applied, in the fame manner, and to the fame purpofes, whereunto they are by law appropriated, fubjedt neverthelefs to the cuftomary and legal difeounts and abatements, and allowances fpr damage; and for e'ery ton of fuch wine and vinegar, taken as aforefaid, either by his Majefty’s (hips of war, or (hips having commifiions as aforefaid, the fum of three pounds, and fo after the fame rate for any greater or lefler quantity, to be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, as part of {he duties arifing by an adf, pafled in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the fecond, (intituled, An abt for granting to his '	Majefy fiyeral additional duties upon all wines imported into Great

Britain ; and for raifing a certain fum of money by annuities, and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the faid oddi* tional duties.)

II.	And

Digitized by

1778.] Anno decimo o&avo GeoRGii III, c. 15.	'9

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Duties cn car-That the half of the old fubfidy, granted by the faid ad of the

twelfth of Charts the fecond, and the whole of jhe further fub-fidy of poundage, granted by the faid ad of the twerity-tirft vakorem* year of the reign of his laid late Majefty, which is direded by this ad to be paid for fuch prize goods taken by his Majefty’s fhips of war; and the half of the old fubfidy, granted by the faid ad of the twelfth of Charles the fecond, which is direded by this ad to be paid for fuch prize goods taken by private or other fhips having commiflions as aforefaid, (hall be payable ad valorem, and no otherwife, upon the oath of the captors, or their agents, upon the following goods; that is to fay, upon all forts of woollen, worded, thread, cotton, linen, and filk manufactures, medicinal drugs, and hats, handkerchiefs, checks, knives, nails, and all kind of hard-ware, notwithftanding the* fame may have been rated in the book of rates of the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the fecond, or the additional book of rates of the eleventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the, firft ; and that the faid duties ad valorem refpedively, on the goods before enumerated, (hall be levied and colle&eri by the fame rules and regulations, and under the fame penalties and forfeitures, as are directed and preferibed in or by pny ad or ads of parliament now in force with refped to any goods paying duty ad valorem.

III.	Provided always. That no duties or cuftoms whatfoever Certain goods fhall be demanded or taken for any prize goods, confiding ofhabie to any military or (hip (tores, or any goods which, by any law now an7 <*“***

in force, may be imported into this kingdom duty-free; any thing in this or any other aCt contained ta the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore- Goodi lodged faid, That any prize goods which (hall be received into any in any ware-warehoufe in purfuanceof this act, or* which are now rcma,n*ng^ur^faJj,ma in any warehoufe in this kingdom, where they have been fecur-™

ed under the King’s locks, by the permiffion of the commifli- of tbebefcwr oners of the cuftoms, (hall and may, upon payment of the re- mentioned fpedive duties before direded by this ad, be exported at any dut,c#,c^c . time diredly from them, either by the captors or their agents^^ fuffickX** or by any other perfon or perfons, without paying any furtherrecuriiy^etc. duty of cuftoms or excife for the fame ; the perfon or perfons exporting the fame giving fufficient fecurity, in double the value of the goods, before the delivery thereof out of the vtarehoufe, that the fame (hall be really and truly exported, and not brought back again, or relanded, in any part of Great Britain, or the iflandsof Guernfey, Jtrfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the iflands of Faro or Ferro ; which fecurity the cuftomer or collator of the port from whence the feme are intended to be exported, is hereby required and authorifed to take in his Majefty’s name, and tp his Majefty's ufe.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded by the Provifo, relat^

authority aforefaid, That if any goods (hall be taken out of any ingt0 g°°d‘

ijunrA. taken out of

Digitized by

yvare-

Google

10

' warehouses for home coufumption.

Unmerchantable wine not liable to duty.

Preamble,

Afts , Ij Geo.

If Geo- J-

and v6Geo. 3. rpcited.

Anno decirao oftavo GloRGli III. C. 16.	[,177$.

warehoufe whefein they are fecurcd as aforefaid, to be consumed in this kingdom, the pcrfon or perfons fo taking out the fame (hall firft pay up the remainder of the duties which would have been due and payable to his Majefty thereon, if the fame had been regularly imported by way of merchandife into this kingdom ; and fuch goods (hall, in all other refpefts, be liable to the fame reftriftions and regulations to which they would have been fubjeft if this aft had not been made.

VI. Provided nevcrthelefs. That nothing in this aft /hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge any wine with the before mentioned duty of three pounds per ton, which (hall, at the time of landing the fettle, be damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, and which (hall be given up by the captors, or their agents, to the officers of the cuftoms, to be publkkly fold, in order to be diftilled into brandy, or to be made into vinegar, in the manner direfted by an aft palled in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the firft, (intituled, An all for the improvement of bis Majefty s revenugs of cujloms, extife9 and inland duties,)

CAP. XVI;

An aft for allowing ibg exportation of eertain quantities of wheat-flour, Ufcuit9 and peafo, to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador.

WHEREAS by an atl9 made in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty* s reign9 Iintituled, An aft to regulate the importation and exportation of corn,) whenever the prices of certain fpecies of Britilh corn or grain exceed the prices therein limited% the exportation thereof from this kingdom is prohibited^ under certain penalties in the faid aft mentioned, except in particular cafes allowed by that and feveral fubfequent afts of parliament: and whereas certain Quantities of bifeuit and peafe, allowed to be exported to the ifland of Newfoundland,/*/* the benefit of the Britilh fijbery tkere9 by twh afts9 the one made in the fourteenth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft to allow the importation of a limited . quantity of bifeuit and peafe to the ifland of Newfoundlcindj for the benefit of the Britijb, fifhery there;) and the other made in the > fixteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft for allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat and other articles to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America, and to the ifland of Saint Helena, and to the other fettlements belonging to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies, and of bifeuit and peafe to Newfoundland* Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all perrons with refpeft to advifing or carrying into execution his Majefty’s orders of council already made for allowing the exporta* tion of wheat and other articles j) have been found inefficient for the ufe of the Br irifh fubjefts carrying on the ftjhery at the faid ifland of Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; jpay it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafttd; and ....................................................... b*

Digitized by

Google



1778.] Annadecixno oftavo Georgii III, c. 16.	<t

be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent roajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the Came, That from and after the palling of this a<9, Certain qean-it (hall and may be lawful to (hip and export wheat-flour, bread, titietofwbeat-bifcuit, and peafe, out of and from the feveral ports in this king- jowwUobe* dom herein-after mentioned, to the feveral places lierein-after exported to named, for the benefit of the Briti/h filhery carried on in thofe Newfound-parts, fo as the fame do not exceed the feveral quantities refpec* tively limited to thofe places in any one year, any thing in the,[b* faid recited afts, or either of them, to the contrary notwiihftahd- from theports ing; (that is to fay,)	herein after

mentioned.

"I

O

t2 J

0	1

O.

41

•5

1

To the ifland of Newfoundland, four hundred quarters of wheat-flour, two hundred and fifty tons of bifeuir, and two hundred quarters of peafe.

To Nova Scotia, three hundred quarters of wheat-flour, two hundred tons of bifeuit, and three hundred quarters of peafe.

To Bay Cbaleur, five hundred quarters of wheat-flour, two hundred tons of bifeuit, and two hundred quarters of, peafe.

To Labrador, two hundred quarters of wheat-flour, two hundred tons of bifeuit, and two hundred quarters of peafe.

To Newfoundland, three hundred quarters of whqat-flour, three hundred tons of bifeuit, and two hundred quarters of peafe.

To Nova Scotia, two hundred quarters of wheat-flour, two hundred tons of bifeuit, and two hundred quarters of peafe.

To Bay Chaleur, two hundred quarters of wheaufloor, one hundred and fifty tons of bifeuit, and two hundred quarters of peafe.

To Labradory two hundred quarters of wheat-flour, one hundred and fifty tons of bifeuit, and two hundred quarters of peafe.

r\

0

1

v

e

%

&

m To Newfoundland, two thoofend five hundred quarters of wheat-flour, one thoufand one hundred tons of bifeuit, and one thoufand quarters of peafe.

To Nova Scotia, two hundred quarters of wheat-flbuf, one hundred tons of bifeuit, and one hundred quarters of <1 peafe.

To Bity Chaleur% three hundred quarters of wheat-flour, one hundred tons of bifeuit, and one hundred quarters of peafe.

To Labrador, two hundred quarters of wheat flour, one ^hundred tons of bifeuit, and one hundred quarters of peafe.

TO

Digitized by



Anno decimo o&avo GeorgiI III. C. id. f 177S.

0

rC

2

S

v.

S3

O

o

V-

V*

To Newfoundland, onethoufand five hundred quarters of wheat-flour* five hundred tons of bifcuit, and five Hundred quarters of peafe.

To Nova Scotia9 three hundred quarters of wheat-flour* one hundred and fifty tons of bifcuit, and one hundred and J fifty quarters of peafe.

| To Bay Cbaleur, three hundred quarters of wheat-flour, two hundred tons of bifcuit, and one hundred and fifty quarters of peafe.

To Labrador9 three hundred and fifty'quarters of wheat-flour, one hundred and fifty tons of bifcuit, and one s hundred and fifty quarters of peafe.

f 8$ eg 2-

Id

= a c

fc* 0 V

•5; u *5 Pox

zz*

tu

fir

To Newfoundland, one thoufand five hundred quarters ' of wheat-flour, five hundred tons of bifcuit, and fix hundred quarters of peafe.

To Nova Scotia, three hundred quarters of wheat-flour* 5 h g 1 tw° frun(*re<l tons °f bifcuit, and two hundred quarters °f peafe.

.	-	a	To Bay Cbaleury	three hundred quarters of wheat-

flour, two hundred tons of bifcuit, and two hundred quarter* of?peafe.

To Labrador, three hundred quarters of wheat-flour* two hundred tons of bifcuit, and two hundred quarters .of peafe.

To Newfoundland, foyr hundred quarters of wheat-flour* if i one hundred and fifty tons of bifcuit, and one hundred and I fifty quarters of pealp.

Hf	To Newfoundland, three hundred quarters of wheat-flour,

2|< one hundred and fifty tons of bifcuit, and one hundred and jg t fifty quarters of peafe.

|| C To Newfoundland, two hundred quarters of wheat flour, S§< fixty tons of bifcuit, and one hundred and twenty quarters ||l of peafe. .

f To Newfoundland, three hundred quarters of wheat-flour, one hundred tons of bifcuit, and one hundred and twenty I quarters qf peafe,

The faid artl- Provided always, and it is hereby further enaffed by the au-cles to be Tub- t'hority aforefaid, That the faid articles exported as aforefaid, jn [eoirities* etc* Purfuance °f this ad\, (hall be fubjedf to the like fecurities, at the onexportati- refpeclive ports from whence they are exported, that the fame pn, as direfted fhall not be landed or fold in any parts whatfoever other than the by the recited refpetf ive places for which the fame fhall be entered and declared *ct 14.Geo. 3. fpr eXp0rtation, and in all other refpe£ls not altered by this a<£t fhall be liable to fuch and thi like rules, reftridlions, and regulations ; and the perfons granting or making any falfe certificate, ojr counterfeiting, erafing, or falsifying any certificate, or know-

»	ipg'y

177$-] Anno decimo ottavo Georgii III. C. 17, 18.

ingly publifhihe fuch certificate fo counterfeited, erafed, or fal-' fitted, (hall be fubjed to the fame difabilities, penalties, and forfeitures, as are refpedively prelcribed and directed by the faid recited ad, made in the fourteenth year of his Majefty’s reign ; which penalties and forfeitures (hall and may be fued for, pro-fecuted, and recovered, and applied, in the manner diredcd by that ad.	*

CAP. xvir.

An ad for building an additional jail, and alfo a prifon and houfe of cor* redion, wjthmtbe county of Cornwall ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

CAP. XVIII.

An afl to explain an aft* pajfed in the feventh year of the reign of his late majejly King George thefecond, intituled, An ad for the more cffedual preventing the forging the acceptance of bills of exchange ; or the numbers or principal fums of accountable receipts for notes, bills, or other fecurities for payment of money ; or warrants or orders for payment of money or delivery of goods.

WHEREAS doubts have arifen whether the punijhment in-flirted by an a ft of parliament, made and pajfed in the feventh year of the reign of his late majejly King George the fecond, (intituled,, An ad for the more effedual preventing the forging the acceptance of bills of exchange; or the numbers or principal fums of accountable receipts for notes, bills, or other fecurities for payment of money ; or warrants or orders for payment of money or delivery of goods,) on perfons guilty of the feveral fpecies of forgery therein mentioned, extends to fuch forgeries when committed with an intention to defraud any corporation ; be it therefore enaded by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, (hall falfely make, alter, forge, or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be falfely made, altered, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly ad or aflift in the falfe making, altering, forging, or counterfeiting, any acceptance of any bill of. exchange, or the number or principal fum of any accountable receipt for any note, bill, or other fecurjty for payment of money, or any warrant or order for payment of money or delivery of goods, with intention to defraud any corporation whatfoever'; or (hall utter or publifh as true hny falfe, altered, forged, or counterfeited acceptance of any bill of exchange, or accountable rece pt for any note, bill, or other fecurity for payment of money, or warrant or order for payment of money or delivery of goods, wbh intention to defraud any corporation whatfoever, knowing the fame to be falfe, altered, forged, or counterfeited ; every fuch perfon, being thereof lawfully convided, (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

CAP.

Preamble*

Ad 7 Geo. *. recited.

Perfons confided of forging an acceptance of b'lls of exchange, or receipt for payment of money, etc. with intent to defraud any corporation, ‘ (hall fuffer death as felon s.

Digitized by

Google

*4

Preamble.

Jufticet, cot offeffion, impowered to award coils on de*ermina-

tion of com-

lose

On refnfal of party to pay, etc the tame may be levied by diitrea.

If the penalty on any con vie* ti<>n (hall amountto $ 1. the cotts (bait be deduced thereout, etc.

The forma annexed to this act to be uled.

Anno decimo o&avo Georgu III. c. 19.	[1778.

CAP. XIX.

An atl fir the payment of cojh to parties, on complaints determined before jujiices of the peace out of jeffions; for the payment of the charges ofconjlable s in certain cafes; and fir the more effectual payment of charges to witnejfes and proficutors of any larceny, or other felony.

WHEREAS by the laws now in being,. his Majefiys jujiices of the peace are not fufficiently authorised, on complaints that come before them out of fejfions, to award cojls again// either the per-fan or per fins complainings or the perfin 0•* perJ'ons agoinft whom any complaint is modes as to juftice may appertain: may it pieafe your Majefty that rt may be enabled ; and be it ena&ed by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That where any complaint (hall be made before any of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for any county, riding, divifion, city, town corporate, franchife, or liberty, and any warrant or fummons (hail ifluc in confluence of fuch complaipt, that then it (hall and may be lawful to aod for any juftice or juftices of the peace, ' who (hali have heard and determined the matter of the laid complaint, to award fuch cofts to be paid by either of the par- -ties, and in manner and form as to him or them (hall feem fit, to the party injured: and in cale any perfon, fo ordered by the faid juftice or juftices of the peace to pay fuch fums of money as aforefaid, (hall not forthwith pay down or give fecurity for the fame to the fatisfa&ion of the juftice or juftices, it (ball and may be lawful for the faid juftice or juftices, by warrant under his hand and feal or their hands and feals, to levy the faid fum or fums by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch perfon fo refufing or neglecting; and where goods and chattels of fuch perfon capnot be iound, to commit fuch perfon to the houfe of correction, for the county, riding, divifion, city, town corporate, franchife, or liberty, wherein fuch perfon (hall refide, there to be kept to hard labour for any time nor exceeding one month, nor lefs than ten days, or until fuch fum or fums of money, together with the expences attending the commitment of fuch'perfon to fuch houfe of cor-, region, be firft paid.

II.	Provided neverthelefs. That upon the conviction of any perfon or perfons upon any penal ftatute or ftatutes, where the penalty or penalties fhall amount to or exceed the fum of five pounds, the faid cofts fhall be dedu&ed by the faid juftice or juftices, according to his or their diferetion, out of the faid penalty or penalties, fo that the faid deduction fhall not exceed one fifth part of the faid penalty or penalties; and the remainder of the (aid penalty or penalties fhall be paid to, or divided among, the perfon or perfons who would have been entitled to the whole of the penalty or penalties in cafe this a£t had not been made.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That

Js

1778.] Annodecimo oftavo Georgii III, c. 19.'

That the feveral forms to this a<5t annexed (hall and may in the refpe&ive cafes be ufed and obferved.

1V.	And whereas confiablesy headboroughs, and tithingmen, are or Confhbto, may be at great charge in doing the bufwefs of their parijh, town/hipy etc, (hall,every #r place, and in many cafes are notfufficiently indemnified by the laws; month#» be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That evpry 0ve7feers°aiiC conftable, headborough, or tithingman, (hallevery three months, account of and within fourteen days after he (hall go out of fuch office, money by deliver to the overfeers of the poor of the faid parilh, townfhip, t*\cm expend-or place, for the time being, a juft account in writing, fairly en- on account of tered in a book to be kept for that purpofe, and figned by him, their refpec-of all fums fo by him expended on account of the faid parifh, live partfhea-townfhip, or place, m all cafes not hitherto provided for by the Jaws heretofore made, or by this a<ft, and alfo of all fums received by him on the account of the faid parifh, townfhip, or place; and the faid overfeers of the poor, or their fucceflors, (hall, within the next fourteen days after ,the faid account or accounts /hall be fo delivered, lay the fame before the inhabitants of the laid parifh, townfhip, or place; and in cafe the faid account or accounts be approved of by the majority of fuch inhabitants, the overfeers of the poor of the faid pari(h, townfhip, or place, for * „ the time being, are hereby authorifed and required to pay out of the poor rates, made or to be made, for fuch pari(h, townfhip, or place, fuch fum or fums of money as (Jiall appear to be due on the faid account or accounts; but in cafe the faid account or If any fuch accounts, or any part thereof, (hall be difallowed, then the faid *cc^u/\t,(h3,,| overfeers of the poor for the time being (hall then deliver back	*

to the faid conftable, headborough, or tithingman, fuch book ftttlethe fame, of accounts*, and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid conftable,headborough, or tithingman, then to produce the faid book before any one or more or his Majefty’s juftices of tfce peace in and for the county, riding, divifion, city, town corporate,. franchife, or liberty, wherein fuch parifti or townfhip (hall be (ituate, giving reafcnable notice thereof to the overfeers of the poor of the faid parifh, townfhip, or place, for the time being; which faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby authorifed to examine the fame, and to hear and determine any objection or objections that (hall be made to the faid accounts, and to fettle the lum which to him or them (hall appear due on the faid account, and to enter the fame*in the faid account, and tofign his or their name or names thereto 5 and the overfeers of the poor of the faid parifh, townfhip, or place, for the time being, are hereby	1

authorifed and required to pay the faid fum, out of the money which (hall come to their hands by virtue of any rate or affefl-ment made or to be made for the relief of the poor.

V.	Provided neverthelefs, That in cafe the overfeer or over- Appeal may feers of the poor of the faid parifh, townfhip, or place, for the be made from time being, (hall find that the faid parifh, townfhip, or place, is aggrieved by any negleCt, aCt, or thing done, or omitted, by the tjon> etc to faid conftable, headborough, or tithingman, or by any of his the quarter Majefty's juftices of foe peace, or (hall have any material objec- felTuui,

tion

Digitized by

Goo<

16	Anno	decimo oftavo GeoRGII Ilf. c. 19. > [1778*

tion to fuch account, or any part thereof, or to fuch determination as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch overfeer or over-feers, in any of the cafes aforefaid, giving reafonable notice to the faid juftice, conftable, headborough, or tithingman, to appeal to the next general or quarter fe/fions of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town corporate, franchife, or liberty, where fuch parifh, townfhip, or place lies ; and the juftices of the peace there aflembled are hereby authorifed and required to receive fuch appeal, and to hear and finally determine the fame; but if it (hall appear to the faid juftices, that reafonable notice was not given, then they (hall adjourn the/aid appeal to the next quarter feflions, aqd then and there finally hear and who may determine the fame ; and the faid juftices may award and order, award cofti. r6 the party for whom fuch appeal (hall be determined reasonable cofls, in the fame manner that they are impowered to do in cafe of appeals concerning the fettlement of poor perfons, by an aft made in the eighth and ninth years of King William the third, intituled, An aft for /applying fome defers in the laws forth* relief of the poor of this kingdom.

Frovifo relat- VI. Provided always. That in all corporations or liberties ing to corpo- which have not four jpftices of the peace, it fhall and may be rations, etc. ]awful for the overfeer or overfeers of the poor of the parifh, townfhip, or place, for the time being, where an appeal is giver* by this aft, to appeal, if he or they (hall think fit, to the next general or quarter feflions of the peace for the county, riding, pr divifion, wherein fuch corporation or liberty is fituate.

Recital of an VII. And whereas, by an aft pajfed in the twenty-fifth year of his A& 25 Geo. 1. jate majejly King George the fecond, intituled, An adl for the better the»t7andtlnS preventing thefts and robberies, and for regulating places of robberies, ate. publick entertainment, and punifhing perfons keeping diforderly houfes; it was recited, That whereas many perfons are deterred front profecuting perfons guilty of felony, upon account of the expence attending fah profecutions, which is a caufe of the encouragement of thefts; and it was therein, among other things, enafted, That it Jhould and might be in the power of the court before whom any perfon has been tried and convifted of any grand or petit larceny, orAother felony, at the prayer of the projecutor, and on confederation of his circumjlances, to order the treafurer of the county in which the offence fhall have been committed, to pay unto fuch profecutor fuch fumof money as to the faid court fhall feem reafonable, not exceeding the expences which it fhall appear to the court the profecutor was put unto in carrying on fuch ^ profecutioh, making him a reafonable allowance for his time and trouble therein ; which order the clerk of affize, or clerk of the peace, refpec-tively, was thereby direfted and required forthwith to make out, and d of an a& deliver unto fuch profecutor, upon being paid for the fame the fum *7 Geo3 2. tor °f one falling* and no more: And whereas, by an aft, pajfed in the allowing the twenty-feventh year of his late majejly King George the fecond, retit-Expences of ing. That the extencc, as well as lofs of time, in attending courts of poorwitneffes jyfiice, js a difeouragement to the poorer fort to appear as witneffes felony* againfi offenders, who thereby efcape the publick juflice* and the punifb-ment due to their crimes; it was enafted. That when any poor per fan

fhall

Digitized by v^.ooQle

*7

•77^*3 Anno decimooltavo Georgii III. c. ig>

/tall appear on recognizance in any court, to give evidence againft another accufed of any grand or petit larceny, or other felony, it Jbould and might be in the power of the courts at the prayer and on the oath of fitch perfon, and cn confederation of bis circumftances, in open court to pay unto fuch perfon fucb fum of money as to thefaid court Jhallfeem reafomble, for his time* trouble, and expence j which order the proper officer offuch court is required to make out and deliver to fuch perfon, upon being paidfor the fame the fum offixpence, and no more: And whereas the fetid recited aCts of the twenty-fifth and twenty-feventb years of his late majefiy King George the fecond\ have been a great encouragement towards bringing offenders to juflice, in all fuch cafes as are within the purview of the faid flames \ but neverthelefs it has been found by experience, that the faid berein-before recited flatute of the twenty-feventh year of his faid late Majefiy* with regard to per-fens appearing on recognizance in any court to give evidence as afore-faid, extends only to poor per fans, fuch court alfe confidering their cir-cvmfiances; and alfo does not extend to perfons appearing on fubpeena to give evidence: And whereas the faid aft of the twenty•fifth year of his faid late Majefiy, with regard to profecutors, directs the court to conjider the circumftances of fuch projecutor, and alfo gives him relief only where the offender is convicted: And whereas it is juft and rea-finable, and may tend in future to the prevention of crimes, or to the due profecution of all offenders againft the laws, that every profecutor to conviction, and every perfon fa appearing on recognizance or ftub-poena to give evidence, Jbould be allowed his reafenable expenses, and alfo, in cafe he be poor, a reafenable fatisfaction for bis trouble and lofs of time; and that fuch allowance Jbould be made to profecutors as afore-faid, even though the perfon fa accufed be acquitted, provided it Jhall appear to fucb court, before whom the faid prifener Jhall have been tried, that there was a reafenable ground of profecution, and that the profecutor bath bona fide profecuted 5 be it further enabled by the The court, authority aforefaid, 'That* from and after the paffing of this a^tore it (hall and may be in the power of the court before whom any fried^or fc-perfon has been tried and convi&ed of any grand or petit larceny, Jony, may or other felony* or before whom any perton has been tried and order tb« acquitted of any grand or petit larceny, or other felony* in cafe treafurcr^of it (hall appear to tne (aid court that there was a reafonable ground etc. toUpay * of profecution* and that the faid profecutor hath bona fide profe- the prolocutor ruled* to order* upon prayer of the faid profecutor* the treafgrer bis expmees, of the county, riding* or divifion, in which the offence (hall have been committed, or (hall have been fuppofed to have been committed, to pay unto fuch profecutor fuch fum of money as to the faid court (hall feem reafonable* not exceeding the ex* peaces which it (hall appear to the court the profecutor was bona fide put unto in carrying on fuch profecution* making* in cafe the (aid profecutor (nail appear tQ the court to be in poor cir* curoftanccs* a reafonable allowance to fuch profecutor for trouble and lofs of time; which order the clerk of afiize, or clerk of the peace* refpcdivdy, is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out and deliver unto fucb profecutor* upon being paid for the fame the fum of one (hilling* and no more; and the

Vol. XXXII*

C

treafurer

And perfon* appealing in court, on recognizance .or fubpoena, to give evi-

expencts, etc.

18	Anno	decimo	o&avo	Georgn III. d. 19. f j778;

treafurer of the (aid county, riding, or divifion, is hereby author rized and required, upon fight of fuch order, forthwith to pay to fuch profecutor, or other perfon authorized to receive the fame, fuch fum of money as aiorefaid, and {hall be allowed the fame in his accounts.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be in the power of the court, where any perfon {hall appear, on recognizance or fubpoena, to give evi* dence as to any grand or petit larceny or other felony, whether any bill of indidment be preferred or not to any grand jury,

dence, (hall in provided the faid perfon (hall, in the opinion of the faid court,

^HowedTheirC ^GM^avc altenc*c<* ^ court in obedience to fuch recog-a owe 1 eir nizancc or fubpoena, to order the treafurer of the county, riding,

or divifion, in which the offence (hall have been committed, or (hall have been fuppofed to have been committed, to pay unto fuch perfon fuch fum of money as to the faid court fhaH feem reafonable, not exceeding the expences which it (hall appear to the faid court the faid perfon was bona fide put unto by reafon of the faid recognizance and fubpoena, making, in cafe the faid perfon (hall appear to the court to be in poor circumftances, a reafonable allowance to fuch perfon for trouble and lofs of timej which order the clerk of aflize, or clerk of the peace, refpec-tively, is hereby dire&ed and required forthwith to make out and deliver to fuch perfon, upon being paid for the fame the fum of fixpence, and no more; and the treafurer of the faid county, riding, or divifion, is hereby authorifed and required, upon fight of fuch order, forthwith to pay to fuch perfon, or other perfon authorifed to receive the fame, fuch fum of money as aforefaid, and (hall be allowed the fame in his accounts.

IX.	Provided neverthclefs, and be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful for his Majcfty’s juftices of the peace, in and for any county, riding, divifion, cityj town corporate, franchife, or liberty, in quarter feffiens aflembled, to lay down or alter, from time to time, fuch rules and regulations, as to any cofts or charges thereafter to be allowed to any perfon whatfo-ever, by virtue of any part of thisatf, for the better carrying the intent of any pat tot this a<Sl into execution, and for the preventing any unneceffary expence, as to them fhall feem moft juft and

which are to reafonable; which rules and regulations, having received the bt approved approbation and fignatureof one or more of his Majcfty’s judges of oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, at the affizes for the county wherein fuch rules *ard regulations fhall have been made, (hall be binding, and not otherwife, on all perfons what-foever; and ro perfon whatfeever fhall le allowed any greater fum of money, by virtue of this a&, than according to the faid rules and regulations fo approved of as aforefaid, any tiling herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwith-(landing.

X.	And be it farther enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any atflion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of ihi$.a£l; that then,

<an4

The quarter feffions to make regula ttotts for allowing the before* mentioned ex* pencesj

of by one of the judges at theaffizei, etc.

Limitation of fcdions.

Digitized by L^ooQle

1778.] Anno decimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 19.

and in every fuch cafe, the adion or fuit (hall be brought within fix calendar months next after the fa<5t committed; and the defendant or defendants in fuch adion or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfbance and by the authority of this ad: and if it (ball appear io to have been done, the jury (ball find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hill be nonfuit, .or difeontinue his adion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given, upon any verdid or demurrer, againft the plaintiff, the defendant and defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

I.	Form of awarding cofts.

County or Bo- ^ T	one	(or.	We

rough, &c.	> X	and	being two	(of

to wit.	3 bis	Mojefys jujlices of the peace in and for the

of orefaid, in purfuance of an aftt inode in the eighteenth year of his majefty King George the thirds intituled, An ad for the pay* ment of cofts to parties, on complaints determined before juftices of the peace out of feflions; for the payment of the charges of conftables in certain cafes; and for the more effedual payment of charges to witneffes and profecutors of any larceny, or other felony; on the complaint of [here ftate the names of the parties, and the offence generally, and the date] againft	for

which faid complaint was beard and determined Ij on the	day	of

da award the following cojls to be paid by

videlicet;	[here ftate the cofts.]

Given under	hand and feal	(or

' bands and feals) this	day	of

in the year of our Lori

II.	Form of warrant of diflrejs and fate.

to wit.

To the conftable of

and to all other his Majefty’s conftables in and for in	aforefeid.

WHEREAS	of	his	Majefys

jujlices of the peace in and for the aforefaii, in purjuance of an afl* made in the eighteenth year oj his

C %	'	mojefiy

19

Genera] iflue.

Treble cofts.

Anno decimo o&avo GeorGH III. c. 19. f 1778^.

tnajefiy King George the third, intituled, An a61 for the payment of cofts to parties, on complaints determined before juftices of the peace out of feffions; for the payment of the charges of conftables in certain cafes; and for the more effectual payment of charges to witrtefles and profecutors of any larceny, or other felony; have awarded, on the	of

now iajl pafi, on the complaint of	againft

for	the	following	cofis	to	be	paid	by

videlicet; [here ftaje the fum :J And whereas the faid being ordered by	the faid	juftice

(or juftices) to pay fuch fum (or fums) as aforefaid, hath not paid down or given fecurity for the fame, to the fatisfaftion of

the faid juftice (or juftices;) thefe are therefore to command you, and each and every of you, to levy the faid fum of by difirefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the faid and	do hereby order and dir eft the goods and chattels fo to bi

diftrained to be fold and di/pofed of within

days, unlefs the faid fum of	'	for	which	fuch

itflrefs Jball be made, together vnth the reafonable charges of taking and keeping fuch difir efs, Jball be fooner paid*, and you are hereby ajfb commanded to certify unto	what you Jball	have

done by virtue oj this	warrant.

Given under	hand	andfeal (or hands and

foals) at	the	day	of

in the year of our Lord

III.	Confi able's return thereon, for want of difir efs.

to wit.

7 T	confiable of

3 X do hereby certify to	4

juftice for juftices) of the peace of that I have made diligent fearcb for, but do not know, nor can find any goods and chattels of by difirefs and fale whereof I may levy the fum

purfuant to	warrant for that purpofe,

dated the	day	of

Given under my hand, this	day

of	in

lV.	Commitment thereupon to the houfe of correction*

J To the conftable of Unit. > and alfoto the keeper of the houfe of correflion ) at

t

WHERE-

Digitized by t^ooQle

1778.] Anno decimo o&avo Georgii III. c. ao—22.

WHEREAS, in purfuance of an aft* made in the eighteenth year of bis majejly King George the third, intituled, An a6t for the payment of cofts to parties, on complaints determined before juftices of the peace out of feffions; for the payment of the charges of conftables in certain cafes; and for the more effectual payment of charges tovwitnefles and profecutors of any larceny, or other felony ; -	of	bis	Majejly's juftices of %

the peace, in and for the faid	did	ijfue

warrant of diftrefs and fale, dire fled to o/l	conjhable	of	the	faid	of

ordering the faid conftable to levy the faid fum of of the goods and chattels of the faid in manner and form as therein is mentioned: and whereas it appears to by the return of conftable of	dated	the	day of

that be hath made diligent Jearcb, but doth not know of nor can find any goods and chattels of the faid	by diftrefs and	[ale

whereof the faid fum of	may be levied, purfuant

to the faid warrant: thefe are therefore to command you, the faid conftable of ,	to	apprehend	the	faid

and convey the faid	to thejaid houfe ofcorreflion at

and to deliver the faid	there	to

the faid keeper of the faid houfe of correflion: and thefe are alfo to command you, the faid keeper of the faid houfe of correflion, to receive the faid	into the faid houfe of correflion, and

there to keep to hard labour for the fpace of	from	the

date hereof or until fuch fum of	together	with

the expences attending the commitment of the faid to the faid houfe of correflion, be firft paid, or until the faid be dijeharged by due courfe of law.

t

Given under	band andfeal (or bands and feals) at

the	day	of

C A P. XX.

An aGt for further continuing the duties granted by three aCb§ made in the fifth and twenty-fifth years of his late majefty King George the fe-cond, and in the third year of bis prefent Majefty’s reign, for enlarging the pier and harbour of Scarborough, in the county of York.

CAP. XXI.

An a& for the more effectually carrying into execution the powers contained in two feveral aCts of parliament, the one made in the twelfth year of bis prefent Majefty's reign9fir making a navigable cut or caned from the river Dee, vntbin the liberties of the city of Cnefter, to or near Middlewich, WNantwich, in the county of Chefter j and the other made in the feventeenth year of his faid Majefty's reign, for varying and enlarging the powers of the faid former alt.

CAP. XXII.

An aCt foe railing a certain fum of money by way of annuities, and for / efUblifhing a lottery.

Preamble. 6,000,0001. to be raifed by annuities, and 4X0,000!. by a lottery. Contributors to the fum of 6,000,0001. to be intitled to certain annuities j which dull be charged upon a fund to be cftablilhed this fef-

C 3	fiom

Anno decimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 22.	778.

fion, and collaterally upon the (inking fund. Contributors may have the annuity of *1. ios. per cent, for life, inftcad of for 30 years, upon producing a proper certificate to the auditor of the exchequer before Dec. *», 1778. Every contributor of 5Q0L (hall, upon payment of 40I. more, be intitled to four lottery tickets. Preamble; reciting that books have been opened at the bank, and depofits made, purfuant to a refolution of the houie of commons. All perfops who have made depofits, purfuant to the afore-faid refolution, are required to pay the remainder of the*r fubferiptions at certain times fpecified. Subfcribers to the annuities to be allowed intereft for all monies paid in advance. Subfcribers to the lottery, on paying in the whole of their fubferiptions, (hall receive tickets to'the amount thereof. Subfcribers to the 6,000,0001. intitled to an annuity of 3I. per cent* and alio to an annuity of at. 10s. for 30 years} both payable half yearly. All contributors who (hall pay in the whole of their contribution money before June 30, 1778, may receive the half year's annuity due July 5,1778, on the annuity Of % I. 10 s. when they receive the half year's aunuity due on the 3 per cent. otberwife they (hall not receive the faid annuity until Jan 1779. Annuities to be payable and transferrable at the bank of England, etc. Caihier of the bank to give receipts to contributors for money received $ which (hall be affignable, etc. Directions for the caihier in relation to fuch receipts. Caihier to give fecurity, to the good liking of the cotnroiffi oners Of the treafury; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Coromiffioners of the treafury impowered to apply the money paid in by the caihier. A book to be provided in the accountant-general's office, in which contributors names (hall be entered, etc. After contributors (hall have paid their fubferiptions, they will be intitled to receive the annuities granted by this aft; which (hall be tax-free. Subfcriptions paid in part, and not completed, (hall be forfeited to the publick. As loon as contributors have completed their payments, the Aims fubferibed (hall, in the books of the bank, be placed to their credit. Accountant-general, on payment of 35I. per cent, of their contributions, before Dec. 18, 1778, to give credit to the contributors for the annuity of *1. 10 s. which (hall be transferrable. Certain rates appropriated for payment of the annuities granted by this a&. Governor, etc. of the bank to appoint a chief caQiier, and accountant general. Monies to be iffiied at the exchequer to the chief caihier, for payment of annuities created by this a£h Accountant-general to examine receipts and payments. Annuities to be deemed per-tona| eftate. Books to be kept by the accountant general, wherein lhall be en.ered alf transfers of fums advanced on this ad Method of transferring. The annuities of *1. 10 s .percent, per ann. (hall be a (eparate Hock from the other annuities. Perions poflefled of (fock may dcvife the fame by will, etc. Commiflioners of the trealury to diicharge ail incidental charges attending the excution of this ad. The 3 per cent. annuities granttd by this ad (hall be added to the joint (lock or 3 per cetranq-ferrable at the bank, etc. The bank to continue a company till redemption of the annuities. 480,000b to be raifed by a lottery; the prizes whereof to be paid out of any fupplies granted this feflion. Guardians, having the difpofal of infants money, may contribute to the loan, etc. Contributors, for every tool, they (hall advance, to be intitled to an annuity of »1. ios. per annum for 30 years, or for life Lite annuities to be paid at the exchequer half yearly. Calhiers of the bank to give •certificates to contributors who chuie life annuities, which may be affigned before Dcc.i 1,1778. Calhiers to tranfmit to^the auditor of,the exchequer a book containing the names of the contributors, etc. Contributors (hall deliver their certificates to the auditor, before Dec. *»,. 1778, to be exchanged for orders; and name their nominees. Auditor to caufe orders for payment tobe made out as foon at convenient, which (hall be figned by the commiffioners of the treafury. Books to be kept in the offices of tne auditor and clerk of the pells, containing the names of the contnbq-tors, etc. Part of the money to arife from the new duties to be fet apart for payment of the annuities on lives. On death of nominees, annuities to ceafc Life annuities may be transferred. Transfer to be entered at the exchequer When contributors, etc. demand payment of their annuities in the abfenceof their nominees, they muft prodace Certificates of -	their

bigitized byCjOO^IC

177^0 Anno decimo o£tavo GeorGii III. c. 22.

their being alive on the day when the refpediVe half yearly payments become due. What certificate neccfliry when the nominee refides in England or Wales. What certificate neceffary when the nominee refides m Scotland or Ireland; or in parts beyond the Teas. Penalty on perlons le-ceiving a half yearly payment for any time after the death of their nominee. Contributors, within a month after notice of the death of their no-tiunt e, to certify the fame to the auditor of the exchequer, etc. on penalty of 101, Annuities to be tax-free. Commiffioners of the treafury, on receiving a proper certificate from the chief baron, etc. of the exchequer, fnay caulc new orders to be made in lieu of fuch as (hall be'loft, burnt,etc. or defaced, or incumbered with aflignments. Claufe for pr eventing frauds relating to (landing orders, etc. Offenders to fuffer death as felons. No tee to be taken tor receiving or paying contribution-monies, or for any transfer, etc. Penalty on officers of the exchequer who (hall demand any fuch fee, or milappjy the monies, etc. Officers, in certain cafes, not to incur any penalty /or making wrong payments. If the fund to be tfta-blilhtd for payment of the annuities (hou d prove infiifficienr, the deficiency to be fupplied out of the finking hind ; which monies (hall be replaced out of the next fupplies. If the fund (hall be more than Sufficient to pay the annuities, the furplus to be rdervtd tor the difpofiticn of parliament. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books. Ticket. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and de’iver them to the caffiiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cafhiers to return the books, with the undifpoted tickets, with an account of monies paid*iir. i Undifpofed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and faftened with thread or filk; and cur off indent wile into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and fealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 48,000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. 10001, to each fir ft drawn ticket of the firlt 10 Jays, and xoool. tothe latt drawn. Tickets of the laft-mentioned book to be rolled up and tied. Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. t6, 1778. Method to be oblVrved in drawing, £tc. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the Turns to be printed. Difputes to be adjulted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets. See. Felony. Offenders, not in prilon, difeovering perlons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50I. reward. Provifo. Managers to be fworn. The oath. Cafhier may receive the Turns fubferibed, before receiving toe lottery book, giving a note for tne Tame} which (hall intitle the bearer to a ticket tor every 101, (o paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their depofits with rei'ped to the lottery; and tne tickets for fuch Turns to be delivered into the exchequer. Commiflioners of the treafury may reward the managers, etc. as they lhall think fit. Limitation of the Tale of chances, See. Penalty. Office keepers, &c. felling (hares in tickets of which they are not pofTefled, forfeit 5001, and fuffier ^months imprifonment. After April 18, 1778, no perfon to keep a lottery-office without a licence. Each licence to coll 501, and (hall be granted under the hands and feals of two managers. Licence to fee fortn the name of the perfon taking out the fame, etc and to continue in force for one year. Perfont keeping any office contrary to this act, to forfeit 1001. Produce of the duty on licences to be applied towards defraying the expences of the lottery. No perfon to fell any (hare of a ticket lefs than a fixteenth, on penalty of 501. Penalty on perfons promifing to pay any money upon any chance relating to the drawing of the lottery, contrary to this all. No bufinefs to be t ran faded at any lottery-office after eight in the evening. Exception. Two jultices may fummon offenders again ft this ad, ana, on proof of the offence, convid them in penalties, etc. If penalties are not immediately paid, they may be levied by diftrefs. On failure of diftrefs, offender to be committed. Any perfon fprging a licence, (hall forfeit 500 h etc. Commifiioners of the treafury to eftabliffi an office in London, and to appoint a perfon to coodud the bufinefs thereof; with whom all tickets, before they are divided into {hares, (hail be depofited. All (hares to be ftamped by the officer, who

C 4	(hall

Digitized by t^ooQie

*4	Anno	dccimo o&ayo Georgii III, c.23, 24.	[1778,

fliall give a receipt for every ticket depofited with him. Form of receipt*

All tickets depobted in the office, to remain there three days after draw* ing. The numbers of all tickets depofited in the office to be entered in a book, with the names of the owners, and the number of (hares into which they are divided, ad. for each (hare to be paid to the officer on dcpofit-ing tickets in the office i who (hall therewith pay all expences incident to the office. Penalty on idling any (hare of a ticket without a (bmp. Application thereof. Penalty on forging or altering receipts, or uttering tne fame with a fraudulent intention. No perfon (ball keep any office for the fale of tickets, etc. in Oxford or Cambridge, on penalty of so 1. Offenders may be profecuted in the vice-chancellor's court. Forfeitures may be levied by diftrefs, etc. Proceeding not to be removed by Certiorari, until fufficient furety is given to profecute the fame with effect, etc. This aft not to prejudice the privileges and jurifdiftions of the mayor, etc. of Oxford. Offences committed in Ireland againft Brftifh afts for preventing unlawful lotteries, made punifhable * Penalties may be fued forfn Dublin. The 480,000). for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on 'any (upplies granted this feffion 5 and (hall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduftion, on March t, 1779, etc. Manageis to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, etc. and figned, etc. No fee to be taken for receiving or pay ing the contribution-mpnies, or for any receipts, etc. on penalty of sol. General iflue. Treble coils.

C A P* XXIII.

An aft for appointing commiffioners to put in execution an aft of this feffion of parliament, intituled. Am a8 for granting an aid to bis Mejijty by a land tax, to be railed in Great Britain, for toe fenuice of the year ono tboufand Jeven bunarsd andfruinty-ergbt, together with thdfe named is two former aftt for appointing commiffiooers of the land tax.

CAP. XXIV.

An at1 for allowing the re-importation of unmanufactured tobacco from foreign parts, although the fame may have been fold abroad \ and the importation of tobacco toe growth and product of the ijland of Dominica, Under certain regulations and reJiriCtions.

Preamble. W7 PEREAS tobacco, and other foreign goods, exported from V V Great Britain to Holland, and other foreign parts of Europe, are frequently returned from thence for want of a mar let abroad, and are permitted to be entered in this kingdom, at the fame ports from whence they were fo exported, upon the proprietors proving the identity of the goods fo returned, and that the property has not been (hanged ftnee the exportation thereof: and whereas it is expedient to permit, for a limited time, unmanufactured tobacco fo exported to be returned into any port within this kingdom, altbovgo the fame may have been fold abroad\ be it therefore enadled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Unmanufac- affemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and tured tobacco after the thirteenth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred exported (rom and feventy-cight, and until the firft day of March, one thou-ma^be rerim knc* ^cvc” hundred arM* feventy-nine, and from thence to the poned, during	the then next feffion of parliament, any unmanufactured,

alimited times tobacco, which (hall have been or may be exported from any port in Great Britain to any foreign parts in Europe, may be

rc*

*5

1778.] Anno decimo o&avo GeoRgii III. c. 24.

te-imported and returned by any perfon or perfons, in any (hip or veftel, into any port in Great Britain under the Following re-ftridions, whether fuch tobacco hath been fold in foreign parts after the exportation thereof, or not, any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby enabled by the Such tobacco authority aforefaid, 'That fuch tobacco (hall be returned in the [nthe w^ina? original packages in which the fame was exported from this packages^*!?!* kingdom, and in no other, having alfo the fame marks and the fame numbers as were fet on them by the officers of his Majefty’s mark* and cuftoms at the time of their original importation into this king- nun|b€r«,ctc. dom, excepting onfy in fuch cafes where, from length of time

or reparation of casks, fome part of the marks and numbers being obliterated,' the remaining part (hall be fatisfadory to the commiffioners or principal officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms of the ports to which fuch tobacco (hall be returned; and the im- andtheimpor-porter or. owner pf fitch tobacco (hall make proof on oath, be- ter, etc. to fore the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of JJatltb Bri-his Majefty’s cuftoms, at the port where fuch tobacco (hall be t\(h plantation reimported, (which oath, they are hereby authorized to admi- tobacco, and nifter) that the tobacco fo returned is, to the beftof their know- "a8 e*PDrte* ledge and belief, Britijb plantation tobacco, and was originally kingdom, exported from this kingdom, having been bought for him or ^ them, by his or their agents, as fuch; and fuch tobacco (hall be Duties to be -liable to the feme duties as would have been due for the fame Pa,d for th* upon the firft importation thereof into this kingdom; which du- tomc# ties (hall not be afterwards drawn back or allowed upon the reexportation of fuch tobacco to any parts beyond the feas, except to Ireland; and fuch tobacco (hall, in all other refpeds not altered by this ad, be fubjed to the fame reftridions, rules, and regulations, penalties and forfeitures, as it would be fubjed and liable to if this ad had not been made.

III.	And whereas* by an aft made in the Jixthyear of the reign Preamble; of hisprefent Majejly, (intituled, An ad for opening and efta- 7a blifhing certain ports in the iflands of Jamaica and Dominica, 01

for the more free importation and exportation of certain goods and merchandizes; for granting certain duties to defray the ex-pences of opening, maintaining. Teeming, and improving, fuch ports; for ascertaining the duties to be paid upon the importation of goods from the faid ifland of Dominica into this kingdom; and for fectiring the duties upon goods imported from the faid iftand into any other Britijb colony,) it is amongft other things enacted, That all goods and commodities of American produce which Jbatt he imported into Great Britain, (except fuch quantities of fugar and rum as Jhall be imported by certificate, as therein after ts men-tioned) Jball be deemed and taken to be goods and commodities of the growth, produce, or manufacture of foreign colonies or plantations, and Jball be liable to the fame duties, regulations, and reJlriCtions* penalties and forfeitures, in all refpeCls as the like goods of the growth, produce or manufacture of any French colony or plantation would be habit toby law: and whereas, in order to encourage the growth of

tobacco

Digitized by t^ooQle

i6	Anno	decimo odtavo Georgu III. c. 25.	[1778.

tobacco in the /aid ijland of Dominica, it is expedient to permit the importation of it from thence into this kingdom, under the like limitations and rejl riel ions as fugar and rum may, by the faid recited aft, be imported from thence \ be it therefore enaded by the authority Tobacco the aforefaid That, from and after the paffing of this ad, any to-produdof bacco, being the growth and produd of the faid ifland of Do-ma^be^m w*0Jca> may *mPorted from thence into Great Britain, under ported into certificate, in like manner, and under fuch regulations and re-Great Britain, ftridions, as fugar and rum, the growth and produce of the (aid under luch ifiand, are allowed, by the faid recited ad of the fixth year of fi^ar^nd rum Majefty’s rc’gn> to be imported into Great Britain; and fuch. itrcYuowc^by to^acco ft*aH ^^b>]e to the fame duties, £md in all other re-the above fpedts fubjedt to the like rules, regulations, reftridions, fecuri-reciudad; ties, penalties, and forfeitures, and entitled to the fame draw-and (hall be backs and allowances, as tobacco, the growth and produce of liable to the the Britijb colonies or plantations in America, are fubjedt and li-fame duties, able to by law, any thing in the feid recited dd, or any other

the^owtho?to contrary notwithftanding.

the BribOi IV. And whereas a parcel of tobacco hath been lately imported into colonies in the port 0/* London, from the faid if and of Dominica, and is now America. fecurcd under the joint locks cf his Maicfly and the proprietor, in a Certain tobac- warehoufe in that port; and it is reafinable that the importer of fuch co lately im* tobacco fhould receive the benefit intended by this aft, be it therefore ported to be further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may this ad m lawful for the commiflionersof his Majefty’s cuftoms, or any four of them* to order the faid tobacco to be delivered to the importer thereof, upon payment of the like duties, under the like rules and regulations as tobacco of the growth of the Britijb colonies or plantations in America is fubjed and liable to, provided it (hall be made appear to them, by the oath of the importer or otherwife, to their fatisfadion, that fuch tobacco wa3 really and truly the growth and produce of the faid ifland of Dominica.

cap. xxy.

An aft for alloying corn, grain, and flour, imported into the ports of Portiniouth, Sandwich, Chichefler, tf^Chefler, to be landed without payment of the duties, under the like reflriftions as corn, grain, and flour, is allowed to be landed at the fiveral ports men-tioned in an aft, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Myefly, intituled, An ad to regulate the importation and exportation of corn.

Preamble 1 , *117 HERE AS by an aft, made in the thirteenth year of the reciting ad YV reign of his prefent Mafijly, (intituled, An ad to regulate ij Geo. 3. |jle importation and exportation of corn) it is enafted, That in cafe any wheat, or wheat flour, rye, peafe, beans, barley, beer, bigg, or oats,/hall be imported into any or either of the ports in the faid aft particularly mentioned, at any time when the duties not repealed by the faid oft (hall be due and payable for fuch fpecies of com, grain, orflour, tefpeftively, the fame, upon dm entry thereof, may beforthwith landed

from

y 778.] Anno decimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 26.

from on board the fhip cr vfl'el in which juch jpecics of corn7 grain, or flour, jh all be fo imported, in the prefence of the proper officer cr of* fleers of the cujloms, without payment of the faid duties, under certain refirift ions and regulations in the faid aft mentioned and preferibed : And whereas it is expedient that corn, grain, and flour, imported into the ports of Portfmoutb, Sandwich, Chichefter, and Cheftcr, at any time when the duties not repealed by the faid aft fkall be due and payable for juch Jpecics of corn, grain, or flour rejpeftively, fhould in like manner be landed without payment oj the faid duties ; may it therefore pkafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That in cafe any wheat or wheat flour, rye, peafe, beans, barley, beer, bigg, or oats, (hall be imported into the faid ports of Portfmoutb, Sandwich, Chichefler, and Chefler, at any time when the duties not repealed by the faid act (hall be due and payable for fuch fpecies of corn, grain, or flour refpcc-tively, the fame, upon due entry thereof, may be forthwith landed from on board the (hip or veflel in which fuch fpecies of corn, grain, or flour, (hall be fo imported, in the prefence of the proper officer or officers of thecuftoms, without payment of the (aid duties ; and fuch corn, grain, and flour, fhall belubjed and liable to be warehoufed, and to be delivered in the fame manner, and under and fubjeeft tp the like fecurities, conditions, regulations, and reftrieftions, as corn, grain, and flour, imported into any or either of the feveral ports mentioned in the faid a<$, are fubjecSt and liable to, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid ports of Portfmoutb, Sandwich, Chichefler, Und Chejler, had been included in the faid act, any law, cuftom, or ulage, to the contrary thereof in any wife ootwithftanding.

C A P. XXVI.

An aft for granting to his Majefly certain duties upon all inhabited boufes within the kingdom of Great Britain.

Mofl gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful, and loyal fubjects, (he commons or Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, towards raifing the neceflary fupplies, which we have freely granted to your Majefty in this feflionof parliament, have reiolved to give and grant fo your Majefty the feveral new rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and con-fenr of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thouiand feven hundred and fevenry-eight, the feveral duties upon houfes with their appurtenances herein-after mentioned, (h..U be charged, raifed, levied, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors,

by

*7

Wheat, flour,

etc. imported at Portfmoutb, Sandwich, Chichefler, or Chefter, at any time wlun the duties not repealed by the recited act at e due, may, ou due entry thereof, be landed, without payment of the faid duties, etc.

Preamble.

After July j, 1778, the following new duties to- be paid by the* occupiers of

Digitized by

Google

18

houfes in 7 Great Britain; viz. for all houfes worth 51. a year and under 501. 6d. in the pound; and tor all worth 50I. a year and upwards, 11. in the pound.

The new duties to be paid over and above thole charged on houfes by the alt 4 Geo. 3.

The du ies, in England and Wale?, to be paid quarterly |

and in Scotland halt-ycaily.

The duties to be charged on the occupiers, and not on the landlords.

Warehoufes, eta not liable to the new duty;

nor poor per-fons who are

Anno decimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 26.' [j 778.

by the occupiers thereof refpedively; (that is to lay,) Upon and for every dwelling-houfe inhabited, together with the houfe-hold offices therewith occupied, which now are, or (hall hereafter be, ereded within the kingdom of Great Britain, and which'are, or for the time being fhall be, worth the yearly rent of five pounds and upwards, and under the yearly rent of fifty pounds, the yearly fum gf fix pence in the pound; and upon and for every dwelling houfe inhabited, together with the houfehold offices therewith occupied, which now are, or hereafter (hall be, ereded within the kingdom of Great Britain, and which are,.or for the time being (hall be, worth the yearly rent of fifty pounds and upwards, the yearly fum of one (hilling in the pound, to be eftimated and afeertained in manner herein-after ex prefled.

II.	Provided ncverthelefs, abd it is the true intent and meaning of this ad, that the (aid feveral yearly fums of fixpence and* one (hilling in the pound, hereby refpedively charged as aforefaid, (hall be paid over and above, and in addition to, the refpe&ive duties charged upon houfes, by virtue of an ad, made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for repealing the feveral duties upon houfes, windows, and lights ; and for granting to his Majefty other duties upon houfes, windows, and lights.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid feveral duties by this ad granted as aforefaid, (hall, in that part of Great Britain called England, and in Wales, be paid quarterly, on the four moft ufual days of payment in the year; (that is to fay,) the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of Ottober, in every year, by equal portions; the firft payment thereupon to be made on the tenth day of October next: and in that part ot Great Britain called Scotland, on or before the twenty ninth day of September yearly, for the half year betwixt IVhitfunday and Martinmas-day \ and on or before the twenty-fifth day of March yearly, for the half year betwixt Martinmasiday and IVhitfunday.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid duties granted by this ad, as aforefaid, (hall be charged Qrtly upon the inhabitants of occupiers for the time being of the houfes or tenements hereby charged, his, her, or their relpedive executors or adminiftrators, and not on the landlord or landlords who let or demifed the fame.

V.	And whereas feveral manufactures, trades, occupations* and callings, necejfarily require warekoufes and buildings requijite for carrying them on, by reafon whereof the perfons concerned therein are obliged to pay large rents, or have laid out conftderablo fums thereon, and it may be a great hardship upon fuch perfons to be rated to the full extent of their refpe&ive rents, or of the value of the premifes abovementioned-, be it further enabled and ~ declared. That fuch premifes (hall not be liable to the duty impofed by this ad, but the afleffinent (hall be made on the dwelling-houfe only^ with the houfehold offices belonging to it.

VI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the autho-

rity

Digitized by

Google

' ' *

1778.] Anno declmo o&avo Georgii III. C. 26.	19

rity aforefaid, That no duty (hall be impofed, affeffed, or levied, not rated to by virtue of this at, for or in refpet of any dwelling-houfe, church and cottage, or tenement, whereof the occupier or occupiers, by rea- ^oorm fon of his, her, or their poverty only, is or are exempted from the atual payment of ufual taxes, aflfeffments, and contributions.

Cowards the church and poor.

VII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. How th$ du-That the duties by this at impofed as aforefaid (hall be affeffed, tiesgranted by raifed, levied, collected, and received, by perfons to be appointed	a

by the fame authority, and (hall be paid into his Majefty’s ex- collected, etc. chequer for the purpofes in this at expreffed, in fuch and the	*

like form and manner, and with fuch allowances, and under fuch penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, and according to fuch rules, methods, and directions, as are preferibed or appointed for affefling, railing, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying, the duties on houfes and windows or lights, in and by an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled, An aft for repealing the feveral rates and duties upon houfes, 10 Geo.*. windows, and lights; and for granting to bis Majejly other rates and Cap 3. duties upon houfes, windows, or lights 5 and for raiftng the fum of four millions four hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, to be charged an the faid rates or duties; and by another act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, intituled. An aft Cap.**. to enforce the execution of an aft of this fefjton of parliament, for granting to his Majejly Jeveral rates and duttes upon houfes, windows, or lights; and by an act, made in the twenty-firft year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for explaining, amending, 21 G?o.». and further enforcing the execution of an aft, pajfed in the lafl fejjton cap. io. tf parliament, intituled. An act for repealing the fcvcral rates and duties upon houfes, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majefty other rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights; and for railing the fum of four millions four hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the faid rates or duties; and by an act, made in the twenty-lixth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, intituled, An aft for the more ef~ ^ qco u feftnal levying of the duties upon windows or lights, in that part of cap. 17.

Great Britain called Scotland; and by an act, made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, intituled. An aft Geo. «, for granting to his Majefty feveral rates and duties upon offices and cap. penftons\ and upon houfes; and upon windows or lights; and for raifing the fum of five millions by annuities, and a lottety, to be charged on the faid rates and duties; and by an at, made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft % Geo.. 3. for granting to his Majefty feveral rates and duties upon windows or caP* *• lights; and by the faid herein-before mentioned at, made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or by any of them, fo far as the famejaow remain in force, or are not altered by this at; and that all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things now in force, contained in the faid feveral ats, or any of them, for the affefling, raifing, levying, collecting, and paying, the rates 1	and

Digitized by Tooele

39

The duties granted by this aft u> l>e applied towards payment of the annuities granted bythe lottery aft of Ibis feflion.

The aflefTors to be allowed *d. for each houfe tor the fir It aflcflrnent.

Commiffioners fot executing the before mentioned afts to exe cute this aft;

Anno decimo oftavo Georgh III, c. 26.	[1778.

and duties thereby granted, (hall be in full force, and be duly obferved, praftifed, and put in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, for the afleffing, raifing, levying, col-Jeftmg, and paying, the feveral duties upon houfes or tenements by this aft granted, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as the fame are or may be, for the afleffing, raifing, Jevy.ng, colleftirtg, and charging, the rates and duties granted by the aforefaid ads, or any of them* fo far as the faid powers* authorities, rules, and penalties, are applicable hereunto, and not altered by*this aft; and that all monies arifing by the faid duties granted by this aft (the neceffary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted) (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Wejlminjhr.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt (hall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the monies ariiing bythe faid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt of the exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, upon any account whatfoever; and the /aid monies, fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer, (hall, together with the additional duties on wine^and vinegar, granted bv an aft of this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting to bis Majejly feveral additional duties upon wines and vinegar imported into- this kingdom, be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences, as are directed to be paid in purluance of an aft of this prefent fefiion of parliament, intituled. An aft for raifing a certain fum of money by way of annuities, and for efiabiijhing a lottery; and the fame (hall not be ifiued or applied to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That, for and in confideration of the extraordinary care and pains requifite in making and adjufting the firft aflfeffinent to be made in carrying this aft into execution, theaflefTbr or afiTefiors (hall have an allowance for fuch firft aflTeflment of three pence for each houfe afiefied by him, her, or them refpeftively ; to he had and received from the refpeftive receivers-general, their deputy or deputies, who are hereby appointed and direfted to pay the fame accordingly/and who (hall be allowed the fame in paffing their accounts.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That, for the better execution of this aft, and for the ordering, raifing, levying, collefting, and paying the duties hereby granted, the commiffioners authorifed or appointed, or who (hall be hereafter authorifed or appointed, for putting* in execution the faid herein before mentioned afts, or any of them, (hall be commiffioners for putting in execution this prefent aft, and the powers therein contained, in all and every the refpeftive counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places refpeftively within Great Britain; and that the faid com-

miffioners.

1778.] Anno decimo odavo Georgii III. C.26.

midioncrs, in order to the fpeedy execution of this ad, (hall, in and for that their refpedive counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, bo- purpofe to roughs,.cinque ports, towns, and places, for which they are or before April (hall be appointed cocnmiffioners refpedively, meet, on or before 50, 1778, the thirtieth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and fe-venty-eight, and (hall in like manner meet yearly, and every and before year, at fuch day or time as. the faid commiflioners for the time APril 3°» being (hall think proper to appoint, before the thirtieth day of y^.y t“erc-April yearly, and lhall then divide themfelves to ad in feparare< diftrids, and proceed in the execution of this prefent ad, for af-felfing, raifing, levying, and colleding the duties hereby granted as aforefaid, in fuch and the fame manner, and under the fame regulations and diredions, as are preferibed by the faid before-mentioned ads, or any of them, with refped to the rates and duties thereby impofed (except in fuch cafes in which an%altera-tion is made by this ad.)

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if by Iq cafe there any negled or default there (hall not have been a meeting of Pot * the faid commiflioners, and a due execution of the feveral pow-ers hereby created, within or at the time or times, or according fioners within the manner or circumftances direded or preferibed in and by the time li-this prefent ad, it (hall and may tye lawful for the faid commil- "”tcd by fioners, or any two or more of them, in all and every the re-fpedive counties, (hires, ftewartrics, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, and towns, in Great Britain refpedively, wherein fuch default (hall have happened, to meet and execute the faid powers at any other time or rimes, any thing hcrein-befoie contained to the contrary notwithftanding; and they are hereby they arere-authorifed and required forthwith, or as foon as may be after quircd to meet the time or times at which fuch meetings (hould have been held, be^hcreafrer^ and fuch powers (hould have been executed, according to the and to put this dirediens of this prefent ad, to meet and execute the lame, fo aft in cxccu-as that the faid rates and duties be duly and effcdually charged, raifed, levied, colleded, and paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucctffois, for the ufes in this ad, notwithftanding any fucli omiflion or defed; and all fuch meetings and ads of the faid commiflioners, or any two or more of them, (hall be deeme and are hereby declared to be good and valid to all intents and purpofes, notwithftanding any filch omiflion or defed as afore-faid.

XII.	And it is hereby alfo enaded. That the faid commiffioners (hall caufe notice to be inferted, in the precepts to be from time to time direded by them to the inhabitants of the pari(hes or places within their refpedive diftrids or divifions whom they fhall think fit to be prefentors or affeffors under the laid before roeiitioned ads, or any of them, that fuch perfons are alfo appointed afleffors of the duties upon houfes or tenements granted by this ad.

XIII.	And, for the more effectual levying and collecting-the duty impofed by this aft in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, be it enaded and declared, That in c?fe at any tipi? .the.com-

.	„	’	miffioners

Notice to be inferted in the comm'flionNS precepts that th? alitfibrs under the before mentioned afts.are appointed af-feflbrs under this aft.

If the com-miffioners of fupply in * -

Digitized by

$1	Anno dcclmo o&avo Georgii III. c. a6. [i yj8.

Scotland Ibdl miflioners of fupply in that part of the kingdom (hall negleft to nefnt^TefforV aPP°*nt aflcff°rs* or <n cafe the afleflors by them appointed (hall etc."the fur-#* negled to perform what is required of them by this ad, that veyors ap- then, or in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the pointed under furveyor or furveyors, appointed under the authority of any the ft *FC* bcf°rc*rcc*tc<* to do a°d perform fuch and the likefervices as are by t,lis or any fQTmcr a& required from the faid afleflors. duty* .	XIV. And it is hereby further declared, That whep the

and (hall \>t furvcyors a& *n the capacity of afleflors, they (hall be intitled to intitled to the the fame reward as is provided for the afleflors in this aft, for fame reward, the affeflment made in the prefent year.

Afleflors to be XV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, fworn.	That every perfon to be appointed afleflor as aforefaid (hall, be-

fore he prefumes to aft in the execution of the faid office or employment, take (befides the oaths required to be taken by af-feflors by the aforefaid afts, or any of them) an oath, or, being one of the people called Quakers, make and fubferibe the folemn affirmation, in the following form:

Tbecatb. T A. B. do [wear, (or affirm, as the cafe may require) ThaU in JL tbf ajjejfment 'which 1 /hall make of the boufes and houfehold offices within the diftrift or pari/h for which l am appointed an ojfeffior, / will rate each at the true annual value, according to the heft of my judgment and Jkill; and that I will truly and faithfully execuie the trujh repofed in me, by virtue of an oft of the eighteenth year of his prefent Majefiy^for impoftng a new duty on all boufes of five pounds a year, and upwards.

So help me GOD.

Afleflor ailing before be is fworn, (ball forfeit sol.

Application ot the penalties.

Afleflors to ascertain, an-* nually, the full yearly rent of all

Which oath or affirmation any two or more of the commif-fioners in the county, (hire, ftewartry, city, or place, where the faid afleflment is faid to be made, are hereby impowered and required to adminiftcr.

XVI.	And be it further enafted. That if any perfon to be appointed afleflor, (hall prefume to aft in the execution of the faid office or employment, before he (hall have taken the aforefaid oath, (except fuch perfon (hall be a quaker, and (hall have made fuch affirmation as aforefaid,) he (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of twenty pounds; to be recovered In any court of record, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efloin, proteftion, or wager of law, nor more chan one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and that the forfeitures or penalties fo to be incurred (all neceflary charges for the recovery thereof being firft dedufted) (hall be diftributed, one moiety thereof to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or her who (hall inform or fue for the fame.

XVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That fuch petfons, to be appointed afleflors as aforefaid, do and (hall, before the tenth day of Septmber in the prefent year, and in all future years before the twenty-fourth day of Jumy efti-

o	mat*

Digitized by L^ooQle

1778-] Anno decimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 26.	$3

mate and afcertain, according to the beft of their (kill and judge- occupied ment, the full and juft yearly rent, which every fuch dwelling-houfe, with the houfehold offices therewith occupied and hereby ancl to a(fej9 * charged as aforefaid, within the limits and places for which they them accord-are to ad, is really and bona fide worth to be let; and do and ingiyt (hall make an afleffinent in writing of fix-pence in the pound. All thofeof according to fuch eftimate or valuation, upon the occupier or 5** ayfar occupiers of every fuch dwelling-houfe, together with other the 5 d"in^he * premifes as aforefaid therewith occupied, of the yearly value of p0und$ five pounds and upwards, and under the yearly rent of fifty pounds, in refped thereof; and of one (hilling in the pound, and all thofe according to fuch eftimate or valuation, upon the occupier or vTard»r occupiers of every fuch dwelling-houfe, together with other the	,sfinYhe1

premifes as aforefaid therewith occupied, of the yearly value of pound, fifty pounds and upwards, in refped thereof: and do and (hall, Afleflbrs to by writing under their refpedive hands, certify the number of certify to the houfes, and other the premifes together with each of fuch houfes connmflioners occupied refpedively, charged by this ad, within the limits of houitls^Uh0' fuch places as aforefaid, together with the rents eftimated and the Names of afeertained as aforefaid for or in refped of the fame refpedively; the occupiers, and the names of the feveral occupiers or inhabitants thereof re- and thefums fpedively; and the feveral fums of money charged on and pay-able by them, for or in refped of the fame, by virtue of this ad; * and likewife do and (hall, on or before the tenth day of Siptem-her in the prefent year, and in all future years on or before the twenty-fourth day of June in every year, deliver the certificates *>r afleffinents, to be made by them refpedively as aforefaid, unto the (aid commiffioners, or any two or more of them.

XVIIf. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,	nthe

That the faid commiffioners, to whom fuch aflfeflments (hall be ^ctfinenls, delivered in purfuance of this ad, or any two of them, (hall, within the fpace of one calendar month next after the receipt of the fame refpedively, or as foon after as conveniently may be, fet their hands to the faid refpedive afleffinents, and to fuch fur-charge or furcharges as (hall or may have been made in the mean time, cither by tl>e fame afteflors, or by fuch furveyor or fur-veyoi s as is or arc herein after mentioned, teftifying their allowance of the fame ; and (hall likewife nominate and appoint two and t° appoint of the perfons named in each of fuch affieffinents to becolledors, forVad^divi-or any other two fuch perfons as they (hall think able and re- fion, fponfible, for the refpedive divifions and places for which they (hall be fo prefented, and (hall forthwith deliver, or caufe to be delivered, fuch affeffinents fo by them allowed of, unto the re* to whom the fpedive perfons by them nominated to be colledors for each (*»d a^\.. year refpedively, who are hereby enjoined and required to col-	et£

led and pay the duties hereby afiefled, and to give acquittances for the fame; for whofe paying unto the receiver-general now appointed, or for the time being to be appointed by his Majefty, or by the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer or the commillioners of the treafurv for the time being, in manner herebv direded, fuch VoL. XXXII.	D ' money

Google

|4

Directions for appointing afleffors, etc. in privileged places.

Commiflioners required to perufe the certificates etc. which (hall be delivered to them, and to examine the alfcfibrs; etc.

and if (hey fufpeCt that any houfe is omitted or undercharged, they may (um-jnon the occupier to appear before them.

How com mi f-fioners are to aCt if the perrons fummon. od do not appear, etc.

Anno decimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 26.	[177&.

money as they (hall be charged withal, the parifh or place for which they arc fo employed (hall be anfwerable.

XIX.	And be it further ena<5ted, That in all privileged and other places being extraparochial, and not within the conftable-wicks or precin&s of the refpe&ive afleffors to be appointed by virtue of this a&, the faid commiflioners* or any three or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint two fit perfons living in or near the faid privileged or other places as aforefaid, to be afleffors for the faid places, and to make and return their faid affeffments in like manner as by this a & is appointed in any parifh, tything, or place; and alfo to appoint two or more collectors, who are hereby required ta colleCt and pay the fame according to the rates appointed by this aCt for collecting and paying all fums of money payable by this aCt.

XX.	And bp it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby authorifed and required ftriCHy to perufe the certificates or afleflments, which by this aCt are before directed to be annually delivered to them, and alfo to examine the afleflors and prefentors thereof; and if the faid commiflioners, or any three of them, within their feveral limits or divifions, (hall, at the time of the delivery of fuch certificates or afleflments, or within ten days after, have certain knowledge or caufe to fufpeCt that any houfe, or other premifes as aforefaid therewith occupied, which ought to be charged by this aCl, is or are omitted in fuch certificates ; or that any houfe, or other fuch premifes, is or are undercharged, or not duly charged according to the directions of this act; the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, (hall have power to fummon the perlbn or perfons occupying fuch houfe or tenement to appear before them at a day and place to be prefixed, of which three days notice at leaft (hall be given ; and if any perfon or perfons fummoned (hall negleCt to appear, the faid commiflioners may proceed to amend fuch afleflments, and to charge fuch occupier with fuch rate as (hall appear reafonable from the evidence before them ; and moreover the Paid commiflioners to whom fuch certificates or affeflrnents (hall be delivered, or any three of them, or any other three commiflioners of the refpeCtive counties, (hires, or fiewartries, where fuch afleflments (hall be made, lhall have power, and are hereby required by all lawful ways and means, to examine and enquire into and concerning the annual value of any houfe, and other fuch premifes as aforefaid therewith occupied, charged in or by any fuch afleffmenr, or which (hall have been omitted to be charged therein, and thereupon to enlarge, alter, abate, or diminifh, the faid afleflments, fo to be delivered to fuch commiflioners, to the end that fuch duty may be fet and impofed upon every fuch houfe or tenement according to the true intent and meaning of this a<5t; and the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, (hall, after fuch perufal and examination thereof, fet their hands to.the

faid

Digitized by

Google

J778.J	Anno decimo oiflavo GeoRGH III. c.	35

faid refpeflive afleflments, and to fuch furcharge or furcharges as Ihall or may have been made thereto in the mean time, tefti-fying their allowance of the fame.

XXI.	And be it further enadted by the authority afcrefaid, Duplicate* of That the faid commiflioners, or any two or more of them, fhall,

from time to time yearly, caufe true duplicates of fuch affeff- out etc§ mcnts as aforefaid to be made out, delivered, and tranfmitted, *	T

in fuch and the fame manner, and at like times* as is dire&ed by the aforefaid a6ts, or any of them, with refpett to the duplicates of the afleflments therein mentioned.

XXII.	Provided always. That in the faid duplicates to be^^.^^ tranfmitted to the receivers-general, and to the King’s remem- number of brancer, the number of houlcs Ihall be inferted, as well as the houfes, and amount of the duties, in order to afcertain the money which the the amount of receivers-general are directed by this aft to pay to the affeffors lhe duties, for the firft year’s afleffment, at three pence each houfe, and for

the information of the proper officers who are to allow the fame in the receiver’s accounts.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That all and every furveyor and furveyors appointed and to be airtlments, appointed, under or by virtue of the faid feveral aefts herein- and amend before mentioned, or any of them, for the rates and duties there- them» before by impofed, (hall be, and he and they is and are hereby impow-ered to infpelt, examine, and fupervife, the affeffments to be njiffioners i made in or for any fuch parilh or place as aforefaid, before the commiflioners Ihall have figned and allowed the fame, and to alter and amend any fuch afleffment or afleflments, if he or they (hall fee juft caufe for fo doing; and every perfon, in whofe cu-ftody any fuch certificate or afleffment Ihall be, is hereby required, upon the requeft of any fuch furveyor or furveyors as aforefaid, to produce the fame : and if any fuch furveyor or furveyors And if they Ihall, after any fuch afleffment or afleflments Ihall be fo refpec-lively made out, figned, afid allowed as aforefaid, find or dilco- t^r thc aflelT-vef, upon his or their furvey, that any houfes, and other pre- menls are mifes as aforefaid therewith refpedtively occupied, which Ihould figned, they and ought to be charged with the duties hereby granted, Ihall have been omitted to be charged therewith, or Ihall have been the coinmif-under-rated, fuch furveyor or furveyors Ihall certify the fame in foi»er$,ctc. writing, under his or their hand or hands, by way of furcharge, to any two or more of the faid commiflioners, on or be*oie ihe fixteenth day of November next, for the firft quarterly payment, which Ihall be due on the tenth day of Oftobtr next, and thenceforward, and in every future year, at tile faqie times they make their furcharges for the duties on houfes and windows, in order to have fuch omiffion or under-rate rectified in the faid affeff-ment; and the faid commiflioners are thereupon to caufe the fame to be rectified, and the duties levied accordingly.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled and declared, That if any If any far. furveyor or furveyors Ihall omit to make a furcharge or furcharges charge is for the firft half year, it (lull and may be lawful for the faid fiir- halt year

D 2	veyor	>	#

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo oftavo Gkorgii III. c. 26.	[1778.

veyor or furveyors to make a furchaTge or furcharges for the

whol$ year.

XXV. And be it further enadled and declared. That vihere any boufe (hall be divided into different (lories, tenements,

etc.

Each apartment in the inns of court to be deemed an entire houfe.

with the duties, they are to be paid by their parents or guardians.

36

it may be made for the whole year.

An\ houfe

or landings, and IhalJ be inhabited by two or more perils, to pay	f°ns or faniilies, the fame (hall neverthelefs be fubje<5t to, and

the dune* as (hall in like manner pay, the duties granted by this a61, as if

if innabited fuch houfe or tenement was inhabited by one perfon or family byone family. on|y#

Provifo, relat- XXVI. Provided always. That each didridl, chamber, or ing to colleges, apartment, in any college or hall in any of the univerfities of Great Britain, (hall be fubjedl to the duties granted by this aft, as if the fame were an .entire houfe.

XXVII. And be it like wife enabled and declared by the authority aforefaid, That every chamber or apartment, in any of the inns of court or chancery, being feverally in the tenure or occupation of any perfon orperfons, (hall be fubje<5t to the duties granted by this adl, as if the fame were an entire houfe.

Where infants XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-are chargeable faid. That where any perfon or perfons chargeable with the duties hereby granted as aforefaid, or either of them, (hall be under the age of twenty-one years, in every fuch cafe the parents, guardians, and tutors, of fuch infants refpedttvely, upon default of payment by fuch infants, (hall be, and are hereby made liable to, and charged with, the payments which fuch infants ought to have made; and if fuch parents, guardians, or tutors, mall negledl to refufe to pay as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to proceed againd them in like manner as againd any other perfon or perfons making default of payment as herein-before is mentioned: and all parents, guardians, and tutors, making payment as aforefaid, (hall be allowed all and every furr. and fums paid for fuch infants, in his, her, or their accounts.

XXIX.	Provided neverthelefs, That this a<5t, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend, or be condrued to extend, to charge with the duties hereby granted as aforefaid, or either of them, any houfe, or other fuch premifes as aforefaid therewith occupied, in the poffeflion or occupation of his Majedy, or any of the royal family; or to fubjedt or charge any amba(Tador or foreign minider redding in the kingdom of Great Britain, to or with the payment of the faid duties, or either of them.

XXX.	Andy for the better information of the commijfioncrs af>-etc m'a^0”’PomU^ t0 carr^ ^ns Vlt0 executlon* <tnd the furveyors, and the hifpe£h or perfons to be appointed ojfeffors as aforefaid, with refpefl to the an-take copies of, nual rent or value of all houfes or tenements charged by this (iR, and parifli rates, the better to enable them to perform their du/yy be it further enadted

by the authoiity aforefaid, That the faid commiffioners, or any two of them, and the faid furveyors and affeffors, or any one or more of them, or any perfon or perfons authorised by them, or any of them, (hall have liberty to infpect, and to take copies of, or extradts from, any book or books kept by any parilh officer or

officerr,.

His Majedy, ami tne royal family, not liab'e to pay the duties}

nor foreign mimttcrs.

Commiflion-

etc.

Digitized by L^ooQLe

1778-] Anno decimo odavo Georgii III. c.26.	37

officers, or other perfon or perfons, of or concerning the rates payable to the poor, or any other publick taxes, rates, or affeff-ments, in any part of Great Britain within the limits for which they (hall be appointed : and if any perfon or perfons, in whofe pemlfy on cuftody or power any of the faid books (hall be, (hall refufe or perfons pof-negleft to permit the faid infpedion, or the copies or extrads leircd ruch to be made as aforefaid, or to attend the faid commiflionbrs with ^7refuS their books, when required fo to do, then, and in every fuch fuch mfpedi-cafe, every perfon who (hall fo refufe or negled (hall, for every on, etc. fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- All houfes to faid. That no towelling-houfe, or other fuch premifes as afore- according to faid therewith occupied, chargeable by this ad as aforefaid, (hall fhe fullannuai be eftimated or rated at any lefs value yearly than that at which value,

the fame (lands legally rated and aflefled to the public k rates, taxes, and affeffments, or any of them now fubfifting, where fuch premifes are charged by a pound rate, and according to the full-annual value thereof refpedively; and when fuch premifes notwithftand-' as aforefaid are charged by a pound rate, according to any pro- ing they may portionate part of the real annual value thereof refpedively, the he otherwife fame (hall not be eftimated or rated, for the purpofes of this ad, £ora^ ^tes. at lefs than the full annual value, upon which fuch proportions have been computed and taken as aforefaid.	*

XXXII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded Farm-houfes and declared, That no farm-houfe (hall be aflefled or rated as not to be rated, aforefaid for the purpofe of raifing the duty herein mentioned,

XXXIII.	And) for the better undemanding what is hereby meant What (hall be as a farm-houfe, it is further declared, That all houfes bona fide deemed a ufed or occupied for the purpofes of hulbandry only, (hall be tann' ou e" deemed and taken to be farm-houfes, and no other.

XXXIV.	Provided always. That no fuch farm-houfe, which Certain farm-fhall be occupied by the owner thereof, (hall be intitled to fuch houfes liable exemption, which (hall be. valued under this ad at more than t0 berated, ten pounds per annum, diftind from the land therewith occupied.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the Hofpitals, etc. authority ;>forefaid,That nothing herein contained (hall extend, 10 c rat" or be conftrued to extend, to charge or make liable any holpi-

tal, or houfe provided for the reception and relief of poor perfons, to the payment of the rate or duty to be laid by virtue of this ad.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Occupiersof faid. That no occupier or occupiers of any dwelling-houfe or afeffiref to houfes, in any pariih or place, (hall be charged or alTeffed to the poor's poor’s rate or highway duty for or in refped of any rates^r duties rate or high-impofed and made payable by this adj but that fuch owners waytiury. tor and occupiers (hall continue to be rated and averted to the poor’s

rate and highway duty in fuch manner as they were rated and * aflefled to the faid rates and highway duty refpedively at the time of the pafling of this adt; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Payment of

I) 2	faid,	the rate* not

What houfes fhall be deem ed habitable.

Perfons over-rated may ap peil to the commiflion-

«r«.

38	Anno	dccimo odtavo Georgii HI. c. 26.	[ 1778.

to mtitle any faid, That the payment of any of the rates and duties granted perfon to a by this ad by any occupier or occupiers of any dwelling houfe lettleracnt. or houfes ;n any parjfo or place, (hall not intitle the perfon or perfons, fo paying fuch rates or duties, to a legal fettiement in fuch parifh or place.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaded and declared, That no houfes (ha!!, within the intention of this ad* be deemed or taken to be inhabited houfes, except the fame (hall be inhabited by the owner, or by a tenant renting the fame.

XXXIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves refpedively overcharged or over-rated, by any afleflinent, charge, or furcharge, to be made by virtue or in pur-fuance of this ad, it (hall be lawful for him, her, or them respectively, to appeal to the faid commiflioners; and that the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, (hall, and they arc

When appeals hereby required to hear and determine all fuch appeals ; and that (hall be heard. ajj fuch appea]s for the firft quarter (hall be heard and determined between the tenth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and the fourth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine ; and all future appeals on the days appointed, and in the manner directed, in the feve-ral rffts herein-before mentioned with refped to the rates and duties thereby granted.

Comnrflion- XL. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, ers, on hearing That the faid commiflioners, or any of them, (hall not, upon noft<Tmak ^car*,nB an>' aPPca^ make any abatement or defalcation anylabate-* *n ^le ch3rge or furcharge made upon any perfon by fuch aflefl*-ment in the ment as aforefaid, or the furcharge of any fuch furveyor or fur-a(Teflmenr,etc. veyors as aforefaid ; but the fame (hall ftand good, and remain m”de*^n°oath* Part	annua*	a^flment,	unlefs	it	(hall	then appear to the

™at*h<Tappel- commiflioners, by examination of the circumflances of the cafe upon oath, that fuch perfon hath been overrated in and by fuch afleflinent or furcharge 5 in which cafes the faid commiflioners are hereby authored an 1 iinpowered, upon every fuch appeal, to abate or diniinifh any fuch afleflinent to be made as aforefaid, in fudi manner as they (hall think proper, and agreeable to the true intent and meaning of this act: and every perfon tending to ap- intending to appeal to the faid commiflioners (hall, and is hereby peal, are to required to give, at the lead, ten days notice thereof to any nortcl°to the a^e^or or afleflors, furveyor or furveyors, of the parifh or place wherein fuch perfon is aflefled, of fuch intention to appeal, and fuch afleflor or afleflors, furveyor or furveyors, may then and there attend to juftify the faid afleflinent and furcharge; and fuch afleflor and afleflors, furveyor and furveyors, and appellant, (hall have full and free liberty to be prefent during all the time of hearing fuch appeals, and of the faid commiflioners determining the fame.

XLI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, ~ That all appeals once heard and determined by the faid com-SrSTiar m^Ioners> or any three or more of them, or the major part of

them

lanr is over rated.

Perfon? in-

afleflors, etc.

Determination of the

Digitized by v^ooQle

177?*] Anno dccimo oftavo Georgii III. c.26.	39

them then prefcnt on the day or days by them appointed for

hearing of Appeals, Aall be final, except as is herein-after di- except, etc.

reefed.

XLII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Perfon* difl*-That if any fuch aflefibr of afiefiors, furveyor or Purveyors, or *lsficd witbthe the perfons fo appealing in that part of Great Britain called o^thTcom-011 England, or in If ales, or in Berwick upon Tweedy (hall miffioners apprehend the determination made by the faid commiffi-may, in Eng-oners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aiando| and (hall then declare himfelf or herfelf diflatisfied with fuch de- *f^c juft ices termination, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch aflefibr of thecourtof or afiefiors, Purveyor or Purveyors, or appellant refpe&ively, to King’s Bench, require the faid com midi oners to ftate fpecially, and to fign the ctc* cafe upon which the queftion arofe, together with their determination thereupon; Vvhich cafe the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them then prefent, are hereby required to ftate and fign accordingly, and to caufe the fame to be delivered to the party making fuch requeft as aforefaid, to be by him or her tranlmitted to one of the juftices of the court of King’s bench or common pleas, or to one of the barons of the court of exchequer for the time being, and every fuch juftice and baron is hereby required, with all convenient fpeed, to return an anfwer to fuch calc fo tranfmitted, with his opinion thereupon fubferibed thereto ; according to which opinion fo certified, the fefleflment which (hall have been the caufe of fuch appeal ftiall be altered or confirmed : and that if fuch aflefibr or afiefiors, furveyor or fdrvey- and in Sectors, or the perfon fo appealing, in that part of Great Britain land to one df

called Scotland, (hall apprehend the determination made by the judges cf x f. .	•/*•	»rr	1	,	'	.	the court or

laid commiflioners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning fcfij0n)0r

of this aand (hall then declare himfelf or herfelf diflatisfied baions ofex-with -fuch determination, it (ball and may be lawful to and for chequer theie. fuch furveyor or perfon diflatisfied refpecftively, to require the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them then prefect, to ftate fpecially and fign the cafe upon which the queftion arofe, together with their determination thereupon ; which cafe the faid commiflioners are hereby required to ftate and lign accordingly, and to caufe the fame to be delivered to the party making luch requeft as aforefaid, to be by him or her tranfmitted to one of the judges of the court of feflion, or of the barons of the exchequer in Scotland; and every fuch judge and baron is hereby required, with all convenient fpeed, to return an anfwer to fuch cafe fo tranfmitted, with his opinion thereupon fubferibed thereto; according to which opinion fo certified, the alTeflinent which (hall have been the caufe of fuch appeal (hall be altered or confirmed : provided always, That notwithftanding any fuch cafe fo tranfmitted to any of the faid juftices, judges, or barons, the determination of the faid commiflioners lhali (land with refpedt to the payments which (hall become due precedent to the opinion certified by any fuch juftice, judge, or baron, upon fuch cafe.

XLUI. Provided alfo, and be it further enadfccd, That no ftay n0 ftay ^

D 4	of	profecution to

Digitized by v^oOQle

Anno decimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 27.	[	1778-

bc admitted in of profccution, upon any command, warrant, motion, or order, any luu for or direftion by nonvult ulterius profequi, fhall be had, made, ad-dentities in-	received,	or	allowed,	by any court whatfoever, in any

Sifted by this fait or proceeding, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, aft.	or	otherwife,	for	the	recovery	of all or any of the pains, penal-

ties, or forfeitures, upon any perfon or perfons by this ad in-flifted or therein mentioned, for or in order to the convidion

Conftables, lieadbo-roughs,etc. to afliitin the execution of this aft.

Perfons fued for executing this aft, may pJead the general ill'll e.

and recover treble colts.

or difability of any perfon offending againft this ad.

XL1V. Provided always, and be it enaded, That all con-ftables and headboroughs, tithingmen, and other his Majefty’s officers, fhall, and are hereby required and enjoined to be refpec-tively aiding and affifting in the execution of this ad, and to obey and execute fuch precepts or warrants as fhall be to them direded in that behalf, by the refpeftive commiffioners hereby appointed, or any three or more of them. •

XLV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons fhall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this ad, or of any claufe, matter, or tiling herein contained, fuch perlon or perfons fhall and may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall difeontinpe an adion, or fuffer a nonpros. Or fhall become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP, XXVII.

Preamble.

After April io,

1778,the following additional dunes to be paid on importation of winesand vinegar into Great Britain:

An aft for granting to bis Majefly feveral additional duties upon wines and vinegar imported into this kingdom.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majejly* s moji dutiful and loyalfubjeEh, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament ajjembled, towards raifingy by the moft eafy means, the neceffery fupplies to defray your Majefly*s public k expences, have freely and voluntarily rejolved to give and grant unto your Majejly the feveral rates ^ duties, and impositions, hereinafter mentioned; and do moji humbly befeeeh your Majejly that it may be enafted, and be it enaded by the KingVmoft excellent Ma-jeftv, by and .with the advice arid confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the twentieth day of April, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-cight, over and above all fubfidies of tonage and poundage, and all other fubfidies, additional duties, and impofitions whatfoever, due or payable for all wines and vinegar imported into Great Britain, by any aft or afts of parliament now in force, there fhall be raifed,-levied, coliefted, and paid unto his Majefly, his heirs and fucceftors (before landing thereof,) the additional impofitions, rates, or duties following, without any difeount or

de-

Digitized by v^ooQle

177**3 Anno decimo odavo GeoRGH III. c.27.

dedudtion inwards whatfoever, or any drawback upon re-exportation afterwards, except as herein-after is providedthat is to fay, for every ton of French wine and French vinegar, which (ball be imported into this kingdom, the fum of eight pounds and eight (hillings; and fo after that rate for any greater or lefler quantity; and alfo for every ton of all other Wines and vinegar imported into this kingdom, the fum of four pounds and four fhiilings; and fo after that rate for any greater or lefTer quantity; the fame to be raifed, levied, colledted, paid, and recovered, in fuch manner and form, and by fueh ways, means, and methods, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures (except as to difcounts and drawbacks aforefaid,) as are mentioned and exprefled in the adt of parliament made and parted in the iirft year of the reign of his late majefty King James the fecond, (intituled, An aft for granting his Majefty an impofition upon all wines and vinegar imported between the twenty fourth day of June, one tkoufand fix hundred and eighty five, and the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-three ,J or in any other a6t or adts of parliament, by which the faiJ impofitions, rates, and duties, upon all wines and vinegar imported, were continued and made perpetual; and all powers, penalties, forfeitures, provUions, articles, and claufes, therein contained, not anyways altered by this adt, (hall continue in full force and effedt during the continuance of the (aid impofitions, rates, and duties, hereby granted, and (hall be applied, pradtifed, and executed, for the raifing, levying, colledt-ing, fecuring, anfwering, and paying, the faid impofitions, rates, and duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this adt, as fully and effedtually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid claufes, matters, and things, had been again repeated and re-enadted in the body of this prefent act, any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always, That nothing in this adt contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to lay any further duties upon wines damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, and for which the merchants or importers thereof (hall refufe to pay or fecure the duties ; and which by an adt, parted in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the firft, (intituled, An aft for the improvement of bis Majejly*s revenues of cuff oms, excife, and inland duties,) are, on fuch refufal, diredted to be received into the cuftody of proper officers of the cuftoms, to be publickly fold, in order to be diftilled into brandy, or to be made into vinegar.

III.	And it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid impofitions, rates, and duties, by this adt granted, (hall, from time to time, be under the management and diredUon of the refpedtivc commirtioners of his Majdty’s cuftoms, and their officers for the time being, and (hall be paid into the hands of the receiver-genefal of the cuftoms in England for the time being ; and fuch receiver-general (hall weekly, to wit, on Wednef-day in every week, if it be not an holy-day, and if it be, then on the next day after that is not an holy-day, anfwer and pay all

the

viz. for every ton of French wine or vinegar, 81. 8 s.

and for every ton of all other wines and vinegar-41. 4».

to be levied, recovered, etc, as exprefled in Adt 1 Jac. s.

or in any other adts by which the faid duties are continued and made perpetual.

This adt not to extend to damaged or unmerchantable wines.

The duties to be under the management of the com-miflioners of the etiitoms,

and to be paid weekly into the exchequer.

Digitized by

42	Anno	dedmo	o&avo	GeqRGU	III.	c.	27.	[1778.

the monies arifing by the faid additional impositions, rates, and duties, (the neccffary charges of raiflng, colledting, and anfwcr-ing the fame, only excepted,) into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, diftindl and apart from all other monies which fuch receiver general (hall receive for the ufeof his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, for the ufes and purpofes in this ad mentioned.

A book to be IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, kept in the That there lhali be provided and kept, in the office of the audi-fice^ whfcb *or	rece’Pl exchequer, a book or books, ' in which

(hall be enter- a^ mo«»es arifing from the faid feveral rates and duties, and td ait the mo- paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered Separate sues arifing and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Maje~ froiB the new hjg heirs an<j fucceflors, upon any account whatfoever; and uu“>	the faid money, fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as

^appli	a^orcfaid, (hall, together with fuch other rates, duties, and reve-

ed towards	nues, as (hall be granted by any a£fc or adfcs of this feffion of

payment of	parliament for this purpofe, be a fund for the payment of the

the annuities feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences as are of * ^rc<®e<* to ^ Pa*d and payable purfuant to an a dt of this pre-this^ftlaLn.0 ^ent fe®on of parliament, (intituled, An aft for ra'tfmg a certain fum of money by way of annuities > and for ejiablijhing a lottery.) Drawback of V. Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed by the part of the authority aforefaid. That, upon the exportation of any fort of aUowcdon* w*nc (cxccPl Fr™cb wines) from this kingdom, to any Britijb exportation of co^ony or plantation in America, as merchandize, the exporter any «ine (hall be paid and allowed a drawback of nil the before-mentioned (exceptFrench duties paid upon the importation of fuch wine by virtue of this wmes) to the a<c^ except the fum of three pounds, thirteen (hillings, and fix-nies’in Ame- Pence Per ton ; which drawback or allowance (hail be made in iica.	fuch manner, and under fuch rules, regulations, penalties, and „

forfeitures, in all refpedb,as any former drawback or allowance, payable out of the duties of cufloms upon the exportation of fuch 1 wine, was, could, or might be made before the pafiing of this adt.

After S?pt.29, VI. And, for the better preventing the dandejline importation of 1778, noSpa- wines in /mail cajks, and landing the fame in this kingdom without mfh, Porm- payment of duties^ be it further enadted by the authority afore-gueze,ur iaid. That, from and after the twenty-ninth day 01 September, ftal? teim*-**' onethoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, no wines of the po»ted into growth or produce of any part of the dominions belonging to the Gicai Britain crowns of Spain or Portugal, and that no French wines, (hall be in any calk imported or brought into Great Britain in any fmaller vetfel or hoe the ad1 ca(k t*3an w^at*s comm°tily called an hogfhead, in which fuch S	wines have been ufually imported, upon forfeiture of all fuch

wines as (hall be imported contrary to this adt, together with the casks and other package containing the fame, (except as berein-afrer is provided;) and the fame (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, and profecuted in any court of record at 1VeJiminJler% or in the court of exchequer at Edingburgh refpedUvely ; one moiety of which forfeiture (after deducing the charges of condemnation and falc of fuch wines)

Digitized by v^ooQle

43

177®*] Anno decimo o&avo Geqrgii III. c.28.

(hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch officer or officers of the cufloms as (hall fcize and profecute fuch wine.

VII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enadked by the Exception in authority aforefeid, That any French wines may be imported in bottles, or that any wines may be imported in fmaller calks than C(j for pirate" is herein-before limited, without fraud or concealment, for pri- ufe. vate ufe, and not by way of merchandize; any thing in this a<5t, % or any other law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft for repealing fo much of an at7, made in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty s reign7 intituled, An a<5t to explain, amend, arid reduce into one a& of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purpofes; as is to fubjeft carriages, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of lefs breadth or gauge than fix inches, to the payment of double tolls j andfor vacating contra ft s for leafing tolls.

WHEREAS by an aft, made m the thirteenth year of his Preamble.

prefent Majefifs reign, intituled, An ad to explain, amend, Thc generaj' and reduce into one ad of parliament, the general laws now in turnpike ad being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great 1% Geo. 3. Britain called England, and for other purpofes; it was enaftedy r'citcd*

Tbpty from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thou-fand feven hundred and feventy-Jix, a double toll Jbould be paid for the pajfage through turnpike gates of all carriages having the fellies of the wheels thereof of lefs breadth or gauge than fix inchesfromfide to fide; and for thi horfes, or beafis of draughty drawing the fame: and whereasy by an aft paffed in the fixteenth year of the reign of his prefent Maiefiy, the faid double toll was fufpended until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand fevtn hundred and feventy-eight: and whereas great inconveniences tvill arife if the faidprovifion be fujfered to take place ; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritualand temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the faid ad, made in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, as en- So much of aded. That the truftees appointed by virtue, or under the au- the recited ad thority, of any ad of parliament made for repairing or amending ^p|a,e^a*v?r' turnpike roads, or fuch perfon or perfons as they fhould autho- tQ\\^ belaid rife, (hould and might, and were thereby required to demand for all carria-and take, for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, having the whofe fellies of the wheels thereof of lefs breadth or gauge than fix .w}?efJg inches from fide to fide, at theleaft, at the bottom or foie there- thanfixUiches. of, and for the horfes, or beads of draught, drawing the fame,	*

from and after the twenty-pinth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, double the tolls or duties which

were

Digitized by

Google

Truftees may

releafe all toffees of tolls from their contrails at Michaelmas neat.

Preamble.

Recital of an ad saGeo. i;

his Majefty** charter, dated Dec.6,1775 j

ad 16 Geo.j;

Anno dccimo oftavo Georgii III. c.29.	[1778.

were or fhould be payable for the fame refpedively by any adk or ads of parliament made for amending or repairing turnpike roads, before any fuch waggon, wain, cart, or carriage refpec-tively, (hall be permitted to pafs through any turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, where tolls (hould be payable by virtue of any fuch ads; and which, by an ad made in the fixteenth year of the reigfi of his prefent Majefty, was fufpended until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-eight; mail be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for fuch truftees, and they are hereby required, to releafe all lefiees of tolls, within their refpedive jurifdidions, from their refpedive contrads at Michaelmas next; provided forty days notice (hall have been given in writing, by any fuch leffee or leflees, to the treafurer or clerk of any fuch truftees refpedively.

CAP. XXIX.

An aft for impowering the commiffioners and governors of the royal hofpitalfor feamcn at Greenwich, in the county of Kent, to ex-change certain mejjuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, belonging to them in the parifhes of Alnwick, Embleton, and Warkworth, in the county of Northumberland, for other lands belonging to tbemojl noble Hugh Duke ^/'Northumberland, in fame one or more of the open common fields at Corbridge, in the faid county; and to impower the faid commiffioners and governors to grant leafes, in manner therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament, made andpuffed in the twenty fecondyear of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, intituled, An ad for vefting the feveral eftates of James late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Ratcliffe, deceafed, corn-prized in feveral fettlements therein mentioned, in truftees for an abfoiute eftate of inheritance for the benefit of the royal hofpital at Greenwich; and for raifing certain fums ot money out of part of the faid eftates for the relief of the children of the faid Charles Rat cliffe \ feveral baronies, manors, me fudges, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments (having been the ejlate of the faid James late earl of Derwentwater and Charles Ratcliffe, and having become forfeited to his Majejly by virtue of the feveral attainders of the faid James earl of Derwentwater ^Charles Ratcliffe,) were by the faid aft divejled out of the crown, and veiled in truftees for the ufe and benefit of the faid royal hofpital: and whereas, by virtue of his Majefty's royal charter, bearing date the fixtb day of December, one thoufand [even hundred and feventy-five, under the great fealof Great Britain, certain perfons therein named were incorporated by the name of the commiffioners and governors of the royal hofpital for fca-men at Greenwich, in the county of Kent: and whereas by an aft of parliament, puffed in the fixteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An ad for veiling certain eftates, now held in

truft

Digitized by L^ooQle

45

1778-] Anno decimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 29.

truft for the benefit of the royal hofpital for featnen at Greenwich, in the commiflioners and governors of the faid hofpital, incorporated by his Majefty’s letters patent, after reciting ftveral letters patent, and the a Si of parliament of the twenty -feeond year of the reign of his late Majejly, her ein-before recited, it was enafted, That all and every the barony, manor, mejfuages, lands, tenements, tithes, end hereditaments, and light-houfe duties, with their federal rights, members, appurtenances, thentofore given, granted, devijed, fettled upon, or vejled in, conveyed, or limited, or demifed, or afftgned to, any perfon or perfons whomsoever, /» truft 0r for the ufe or benefit of the faid hofpitaly or given, granted, or devifed, to the faid hofpitaly by any gift, grant, letters patent, will, letters of admini/lra-tion,	of parliament y indentures,	deed pollr,	or other deed in wriiingy

ar otherwife howfoever, W the reverfion and reverfions, remainder and remainders, m?/;,	<7/7^ profits thereof Jhould, from an I

after the firjl day of May, one tboufand feven hundred and feventy-bi divejled out of all and every fuck perfon and perfons, />/V, Zvrj and their heirs, executors, and adminijlratorsy and the fame fhould be, andfbould be deemed to be, and they were accordingly from thenceforth fettled upon and vejled in the faid corporation,	the commijftoners

and governors of the royal hofpital forfeamen at Greenwich, /7r the county of Kent, their fuccejfors and ajftgns, to theuje of the faid com-miffioners and governors of the faid royal hofpital, their fuccejfors and ojjigns, for ever, /r/^i <7«i abfolutcly difeharged of and from all juch right, title, interejly claim,	demand,	<7/ <7/77 perfon or perfons

whatjoever had, or might or could have, in or to the Jaid barony, >7fc7-awrj, meffuagcSy lands, tenements, //Vfoj, and hereditaments, tf/zi light-boufe duties, or in or to any part or parcel thereof, upon any account bowfever, fave as therein mentioned: and whereas the fiveral ntfjfuages, lands, tenements,	hereditaments,	hereinafter

particularly mentioned, being part of the find ejlate fo vejled in the faid commijftoners and governors, and fituate in the peenjhes ^Alnwick, Embleton, <7«^ Warkworth, 1/7 the county ^/ Northumberland, w* inconveniently fituated with ref peel to the other efiates of and belonging to the faid royal hofpital but the fituation thereof is very commodious to the ejlates of bis grace the duke 0/'Northumberland : and whereas his grace the duke 0/Northumberland is owner of certain lands in the open common fields fituate and being at Cor-bridge, in the faid county of Northumberland, which lie very commodious to the eftates of and belonging to the faid hofpital: and whereas the faid duke t/* Northumberland, being deftrous to exchange a part of his faid lands lying in the faid open common fields at Cor-bridge afor:faid,for the Jaid mejjuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, belonging to the faid commiffioners and governors, in the faid parijbes of Alnwick, Embleton, and Warkworth, a treaty bath been thereupon had, when it appeared manlfejlly for the benefit, advantage, and convenience of the Jaid royal hofpital that fuch exchange Jhould take place and be completed: and whereas by an aft of parliament, made and pajfed in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majejly, intituled, An afor the application of the rents and profits of the eftates forfeited by the attainders of James ear! of Der-

wenlwater

and Att 8 Geo. t.

46	Anno	decimo	oftavo Georgii III. c.29. f 1778!

wentwater and Charles Ratclffe, it was enafted. That thefaidcom-mijjioners and governors Jhould give publick notice in the London Gazette of the time and place when and where the /aid eftates were intended to be let, fix months at leaf before the expiration of the term for which the faid (fates were then or Jhould thereafter be let: and whereas there are many mines and minerals in and under the faid ejlatesi the value of which would be greatly reduced and diminijhedy if they were to be let by publick advertifement: and whereas there are alfa lands fo connected with feveral of the faid mines and minerals, that it would be inconvenient to have them m the pojfcjfton of tenants not oc-cupying fuch mines and minerals, which may frequently happen, unlefs the faid commiffioners and governors are impoweredto let the faid mines and minerals, and the lands connected therewith, without advertifement ; but as the faid mines and minerals, and the lands fo connected , therewith, cannot be let without advertifmg the fame, nor can the faid exchange fo propofed to be made with his grace the duke of Northumberland be carried into execution, without the authority of parliament; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadled ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the Thc Gc°ftr‘ authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful to and w^ch°hofpiul ^or ^ie commiflioners and governors of the faid royal hof-impowered to pital, and they are hereby authorifed and impowered to exchange exchange cer- to and with the laid duke of Northumberland, for and in lieu of tain lands, certain lands and grounds of and belonging to the faid duke of ©theMands °T Northumberland in the open common fields at Corbridge aforefaid, ' belonging to the feveral mefluages, lands, tenements, tithes, and heredita-thedukeof ments, hereafter particularly mentioned; that is to fay, one Northumbcr- mefluage or tenement, with the appurtenances, fituate in Alnwick, aD ’	in the faid county of Northumberland, with a garth or garden to

the fame belonging or appertaining, boundering on the eaft upon the King’s high ftreet or road, and on the fouth upon a ftreet called Bailey or Bailiff Gate, on the weft by a mefluage and build* ings belonging to Mary Davidfon fpinfter, and on the north by lands belonging to the faid Mary Davidfon and the faid duke of Northumberland \ two parcels of ground, with the appurtenances called Ratclijfe's Clefts, fituate near the faid town of Alnwick, boundered on the fouth and eaft by lands belonging to the faid duke of Northumberland, on the north by lands belonging to Michael Doubleday efquire, and on the weft by the King’s high road; a parcel of ground, with the appurtenances, called Barbara's Bank, fituate near the town of Alnwick aforefaid, boundered on the eaft by wafte ground belonging to the faid duke df Northumberland, on the weft and no th by lands belonging to the faid Michael Doubleday, and on the fouth by the river Alne, or by other the right metes and bounds; one other parcel of ground, with the appurtenances, fituate near the town of Alnwick, being part and parcel of a clofe or parcel of land called the Gcofe Clofe, and boundered on all fides by the lands of the faid duke of Northumberland, and which faid meffuage er tenement, garth, gar-u	den.

Digitized by L^OOQle

1778.] Anno decimo o£tavo GeoRGIi III. c. 29.	47

den, and feveral parcels of grounds, with the appurtenances, are fituate, lying, and being in the parifh of Alnwick, in the (aid county of Northumberland, and contain together by eftimation nineteen acres, two roods, and twenty-feven perches, be the fame more or lefs; the tithes of corn and grain, and the tithes of hay yearly coming, growing, and renewing, within the (lead fields of Eroxfield, called or known by the name of the Forefieldiy in the parifh of Embleton, in the faid county of Northumberland; and the tithes of hay yearly coming, growing, and renewing, in Le Star.ky and the meadow thereunto adjoining, called or known by the name of Ginfieldy otherwife Gynfen Meadow, in tire parifh of Alnwick, in the faid county of Nor chamber landr(M which faid tithes were formerly belonging to the monafrery of Alnwick afore-faid;) and a. mefluage, burgage-houfc, or tenement* and garth* with the appurtenances, and half an acre of ground, more or lefs, in a field called the Hather Leazesy fituate at fVarkworth, In the parifh of lVarlworth% in the faid county of Northumberland\

II.	And be it further enadted, That all and every the faid The faid meffuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, fo to

be exchanged with the faid duke of Northumberland as aforefaid, fJom°an truth (hall be and enure to, for, upon, and fubjedfc to fuch and the and limitati-fames ufes, eftates, trufts, powers, provifoes, declarations, re- on# exprefled (trillions, and limitations, as are now fubfiftitig of and concern- in former acs ing the eftates of the late duke of Somerset, in the faid parifhes °ciatYngau>Cthe of Alnwick and IVarkworth refpedlively, freed and difeharged, and fai(j hofpital. abfolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and againft, all the ufes, eftates, titles, trufts, powers, provifoes, gnd limitations, exprefled and declared in any adl or a&s of parliament heretofore made concerning any eftates vefted in trufteea for the ufe of the faid hofpital, or in the faid commiflioners and governors of the royal hofpital for feamen at Gretnwicky in the county of Kent.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Other lands all and every the lands and grounds at or in the parifh of Cor- to given m bridge aforefaid, to be exchanged with the faid commiflioners and to^veiled m governors of the faid royal hofpital, for and in lieu of the feveral the commifli-xnefiuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, in oners and go. Alnwick, Emb!etony and IVarkworth aforefaid, (hall be vefted in vefnor^etc. the corporation being the commiflioners and governors of the

royal hofpital for feamen at Greenwichy in the county of Kenty their fucceflors and afligns, to the ufe of them the faid commif-fioners and governors of the faid royal hofpital, and their fuc-ceffors and afligns for ever, freed and difeharged, and abfolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated, of, from, and againft all and every the ufes, eftates, titles, trufts, powers, provifoes, and limitations, in and by any will, deed, or fettlement, by which the fame is or are now held or enjoyed, or now or at any time heretofore hath or have been made, created, or declared of and concerning the fames but neverthelefs to, for, upon, and fubjedt to fuch and the fame trufts, limitations, and ufes, as are by any a (ft or acts, of parliament or otherwife limited, exprefled, and declared.

Digitized by

Google

and to be held of the duke of Northumberland as of his manor of Corbridge.

Cbmnn (Turners knpowered to let leafes, withouradver-tiGng the fame.

Expences of tins ait how to be paid/

Publick a£U

Anno decimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 29.	[1778-

clared, of and concerning the feveral eftates of the faid James late earl of Derwentwater and Charles Ratcliffe, which are now vetted in the commiflioners and governors of the faid royal hofpital.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby .further declared and enadted. That the lands and grounds at or in the parith of Corbridge aforefaid, fo to be exchanged with the faid commiflioners and governors of the faid royal hofpital, (hall, from and after fuch exchange, be held of the faid duke of Northumberland, as of his manor of Corbridge, by the like tenure, and under and fub-jeft to the like (but not to any increafe) quit-rents, or free rents and fervice$, as fuch of the faid feveral mefluages, lands, tenements, tirhes, and hereditaments, in Alnwick, Embkton^ and Warhworth aforefaid, fo to be given in exchange as aforefaid, as

'are lying within and held of the refpe&ive manors of Alnwick and IVarkworth, are now refpeirtively held by and fubjedi to.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the parting of this adt, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners and governors of the faid royal hofpital, and their fucceflors, from time to time, when and fo often as they (hall think proper and expedient, to make, grant, and execute leafes or demifes of any mines or minerals within or under any of the lands or grounds verted in them, and alfo of any fuch of the faid lands or grounds as they (hall deem necef-fary and proper to be demifed, together with fuch mines or minerals, for any term of years, not exceeding twenty-one years, pnd from time to time to grant renewals of fuch leafes or demifes, without advernfing the letting of fuch mines or minerals, or the lands fo thought proper or intended to be let therewith \ prpvideci that no fuch renewals do exceed the term of twenty-one years from the time of making thereof, and that fuch rents, duties, terms, and conditions, (hall be referved, made payable, and agreed upon, as the faid commiflioners and governors, and their fucceflors, (hall in their judgements from time to time think moft likely to increafe the revenue of the faid royal hofpital; any law, cuflom, or ufage, to the contrary in any-wife notwith-ftanding.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the cofts and charges of this adt (hall be paid in the manner following; that is to fay, one half thereof (except fuch as (hall be due and payable to the folicitor and agents of the faid •commiflioners and governors for his and their trouble and expences) (hall be borne and paid by the faid duke of Northum• btrland, and the other half thereof, together with fuch as (hall be fo due and payable to the faid folicitor and agents, (hall be borne and paid by the faid commiflioners and governors of the faid royal hofpital.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That this act (hall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be, a publick a61; and all judges, juftices, and others, are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch wilhout fpecially pleading the fame.

VIII.	Sav-

Digitized by LjOOQle

1778.] Anno decimo otShvo GeoRGU III. c. 30.

VIII. Saving always to the King’s moft excellent majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and all and every other perfon and perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, his, her, and their heirs, facceflors, executors, and adminiftrators, (other than the laid commiffioners and governors of the faid royal hofpital), all fuch eilate, right* title, and intereft, as he, (he, or they had or en^ joyed of, in, to, or out of the faid meffuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, fo to be exchanged with the faid duke of Northumberland as aforefaid, before the palling of this adt, or could, might, or ought to have had or enjoyed in cafe this act had not been made.

CAP. XXX.

An aft for the more effectually levying of the duty upon fervdnts in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament, made in the feventeenth year of his prefent MajeJly's reign, intituled, An adt for granting to his Majefty a duty upon all fervants retained or employed in the feveral capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing feveral r^tes and duties upon glafs, impofed by an adt made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty, and for granting to his Majefty other rates and duties upon glafs in lieu thereof, and for the better collecting the duties upon glafs; and for repealing the feveral rates and duties charged, by an adt made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, upon all perfons and bodies politick and corporate having certain quantities of filver plate; it was enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one tboufand feven hundred and feventy-Jevenj there Jhould be charged, raifed, levied, and paid unto his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fuccejfors, after the rate of twenty-one Jhillings per annum for every male fervant, within the kingdom of Great Britain, who Jhould then have been, or Jhould afterwards be retained or employed in the feveral capacities in the faid aft mentioned: and whereas it was by the faid aft enafted, That the duty by the faid aft impofed uponfervants Jhould be affeffed, raifed, levied, collected, and received, by fuch ptrfons, and Jhould be paid into his Majejly s exchequer for the purpofes in the faid aft expreffed, in fuch and the like form and manner, and with fuch allowances, and under fuch penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, and according to fuch rules, methods, and directions, as are preferibed or appointed for affejfing, raiftng, levying, colie Cling, receivings and payings the duties on houfes, windows, or lights, in and by an aft, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majejly, intituled. An adt for repealing the feveral rates and duties upon houfes, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majefty other rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights; and for raiftng the fum of four millions four hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the faid rates or duties; and in and by another aft, made in the twentieth year of bis faid late Majejly, intituled, An a<Jt to enforce the execution pf Vol. XXXII.	E	an

49

General faying.

Preamble. Recital of i7Geo.3c.j9.

aoGeo. *.c j.

Cap 4».

Digitized by L.ooQle

So

Anno declmo oftavo Georgii III. c. 30. [1778.

an aft of this feflion of parliament, for granting to his Majefty feveral rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights; and in and by an atI, made in the twenty-firjl year of his faid late Majejly* s nGeo i.c.io. reign, intituled, An aft for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the execution of an aft, pafled in the lad feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for repealing the feveral rates and duties upon houfes, windows, ana lights; and for granting to his Majejly other rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights 5 and for raiftng the fum of four millions four hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the faid rates or duties; and in and by an aft, made in the thirty-firjl year of the reign of his faid late Majejly, giGeo.t.c ss. intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefty feveral rates and duties upon offices and penfions; and upon noufes; and upon windows or lights; arid for railing the fum of five millions by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the faid rates and duties ; and by an aft, made in the fecond year of the reign of his pre-% Geo. 3. c. %.fent Majejly, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majefty feveral rates and duties upon windows, or lights; and by an aft, made in 6 000.3.0.38. the fixth year of the reign of his faid prefent Majejly, intituled, An aft for repealing the feveral duties upon houfes, windows, and lights 3 and for granting to his Majefty other duties upon houfes, windows, and lights; or by any of them; and that all and every the powers, authorities, rules, direftions, penalties,forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, then in force, contained in the faidfeveral afts, or any of them, for the ajfejfing, raiftng, levying, collefting, and paying, the rates and duties thereby granted, Jbould be in full force, and be truly obferved, praftifed, and put in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, for the ajfejfing, raiftng, levying, collefting, and paying the duties upon fervants, by the /aid aft of the feventeentb year of bis prefent Majejly granted, as fully and effcftually, to all intents and purpofes, as the Jame were for the ajfejfing, raiftng, levying, collefting, and charging, the rates and duties granted by the aforefaid afts, or any of them, fo far as the faid powers, authorities, rules, and penalties, are applicable thereunto, and not altered by the faid aft of the feventeentb year of his prefent Majejly; and that all monies anf-ing by the faid duty granted by the faid lafl-mentioned aft (the necejjary charges for raiftng and accounting for the fame excepted) jbould, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majejly*s exchequer at Weftminfter, dijlinftly and apart from all other branches of the pub-lick revenue, and jbould be carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund : and whereas, by one other aft of parliament, made in the twenty-fixth year of his faid late Majejly*s and 26 Geo.». reign, intituled. An aft for the more effeftual levying the duties c.17.	upon windows or lights, in that part of Great Britain called

Scotland, after writing as therein is recited, it was enafted. That the duties and rates, by the afts therein mentioned, impofed upon windows or lights, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, jbould, from and after the fifteenth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty-three, be raifed, levied, andxollefted, in manner therein mentioned: and whereas it is apprehended that the feveral proviftons, made in and by the faid aft of the twenty-fixth year of his late Majejly, for a	raiftng*

Google

5*

1778.] Anno decimo oftavo Georgii III. c.30-

raifing, levying\ and collecting, the feveral duties or rates upon houfes, windows, or lights, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland,

Jbould be enforced with regard to the raifing, hvying, and collecting, the rates and duties upon Jervants, in and by the faid a Cl of the fven-teenth year of his prefent Majefty, to be raifed, collected, and levied \ be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty,by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,and commons, in this prefent parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That the duty impofed, by the faid aft of The duty im-the feventcenth of his prefent Majefty, upon (crvants, in that P°rcd on fer-part of Great Britain called Scotland, (nail be a fie fled, raifed, le-vied, collected, and received, in that part of this kingdom called Geo*

Scotland, by fuch perfons, and (hall be paid into his Majefly’s (hall be affVfT-exchequer tor the purpofes in the faid a<5t exprefled, in fuch and «d* collected, the like form and manner, and with fuch allowances, and un- c^Vbn«^aoicl der fuch penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, and according to pa^lnmthe fuch rules, methods, and directions, as are preferibed or ap- exchequer pointed for aflefling, raifing, levying, collecting, receiving, and under the like paying, the duties on houfes, windows, or lights, in that part of Pc”a,tlc*>etc* Great Britain called Scotland, in and by the faid aft, made in the «d*Jor coflctt-twenty-fixth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty; and that ing and pay-all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, ing the duties forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, now in force, contained CI? joules and in the faid aft of the twenty-fixth year of his late Majefty’s reign, for the aflefling, raifing, levying, collecting, and paying, the rates and duties therein mentioned, (hall be in full force, and be duly obferved, praCtifed, and put in execution, in that part of this kingdom called Scotland, for the aflefling, raifing, levying, collecting, and paying, the duties upon fervants, by the fail] aft, of the feventeenth of his prefent Majefty, granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as the fame is or may be for the aflefling, raifing, levying, collecting, and charging, the rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights, in the faid aft of the tWenty-fixth of his faid late Majefty mentioned, fo far as the faid powers and authorities, rules and penalties, are applicable thereunto, and not altered by the faid aft of the feventeenth year of his faid prefent Majefty; and that alimonies, arifing by the faid duty granted by the faid laft mentioned aft (the necelTary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted,) (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Weftminfter, diftinftly and apart from all other branches of the pubfick revenues, and (hall be carried to, and be made part of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

II. And, to the end that no doubts may a rife touching the execution of the faid aCt of the feventeenth year of his prefent Majefly, be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid„ That in cafe, at any if commtfll-time hereafter, the commiflioners appointed to put the faid aft oners negleft in execution, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hail t^a£poi,u negleft to appoint afleflors, or in cafe the afleflors by them ap- a^ObrsVan pointed (hall fail or negleft to give or leave fuch notice or warn- giving proper ing, in writing, to or for the mafter or miftrefs of every fervant notices to

E 2	on	roaftm# etc.

Anno decimo oftavo Georgii HI. c. 30. [1778.

on whom a duty is itnpofed by the faid aft; that then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the furveyor or furveyors, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the faid adt^ of the twenty-fixth year of his late Majefty, within fourteen days after the time piefcribed by law for the annual appointment of the afleflors, to give or leave notice or warning, in writing, to or for the matter or miftrefs of every fervant on whom a duty is impofed by this aft, within the limits of the places for which fuch furveyors are to aft, at his or her dwelling-houfe, to prepare and produce, within the fpace of fourteen days then next enfuing, a lift, in writing, of his or her fervants. retained or employed within the faid diftrift, defcribing the number by hinvor her retained or employed, the chriftian and furnameof each fervant, and the office or capacity in or for which each fervant is retained or employed; every fuch lift to contain the greateft number of fervants at anyone time retained and employed, in the courfeof the year ending on the twenty-fifth day of March in each preceding year; and that every fuch mafter or miftrefs do and (hall, after fuch notice fo given or left, make out a lift of his or her fervants accordingly, and fign the fame with his or her own hand, and deliver the fame, or caufe the fame to be delivered, to fuch How furveyors furveyor or furveyors: and in cafe any fuch mafter or miftrefs ca^mafter^	ne^c<^ or refufe to make out, fign, and deliver fuch lift,

etc! negleftto	the time before mentioned* then fuch furveyor or furvey-

makc out ors (hall, from the beft information he or they can obtain, make and deliver an afleflment upon fuch mafter or miftrefs fo refufing or negleft-proper lifts of jng^ for or jn rcfpC& 0f the number of fervants fo retained or eir ervarns. cmpj0ye(j by fuch mafter or miftrefs, diflinguifhing them by their chriftian and furname, and their refpeftive employments; and every fuch afleffinent fo made upon any fuch negleft or refufal, (hall be final and conclufive upon fuch matter or miftrefs, who (hall not be at liberty to appeal therefrom, unlefs fuch mafter or miftrefs (hall prove that he or fhe were not at their refpedtive dwelling-houfes at the time of the delivery of fuch refpeftive notices, nor between that day and the time limited for their delivering their refpedtive lifts to the furveyors; or unlefs fuch matter or miftrefs (hall alledge and prove fuch other excufe for not having delivered their lifts, as the commiflloners in their judgement (hall think reafonable and fufficient,

Tke duty to III. And be it further enabled and declared, That, in that be paid half- part 0f Quat Britain called Scotland, "every perfon charged with ywy. the duty granted by the faid adt, made in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (hall, by themfelves or others for their behoof, pay in the duty with which they are charged, on or before the twenty-ninth day of September, yearly, for the half year betwixt IVhitfunday and Martinmas-day \ and on or before the twenty-fifth day of Marche yearly, for the half year betwixt Martinmas and Trhitfunday.

the furveyors under aft a6 Geo, a. to give the laid notices.

CAP.

Digitized by v^-ooQle

x 77^-] Anno decimo oftavo Georgii III. c. jr.	53

CAP. XXXI.

Jfn aft for enabling his Majejly to fettle on their royal highneffes the princes Frederick bijhop of Ofnabqrgh, William Henry, Edward, Erneft Auguftus, Auguftus Frederick, and Adolphus Frederick, an annuity of fixty thoufandpounds per annum ; and alfo to fettle on their royal highneffes the princeffes Charlotte Au-gufta Matilda, Augufta Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary, and Sophia, one other annuity of thirty thoufand pounds per annum ; and alfo to fettle on bis hignefs prince William Frederick one other annuity of eight thoufand pounds per annum, and on her bighnefs the prin-cefs Sophia Matilda one other annuity of four thoufand pounds per annum.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majejly hath been pleafed to recommend to Preamble.

the confederation of your faithful commons, that a competent provifion Jhould be made for your Majejly*s fix younger fons, and alfo ^ for your Majejly's daughter s, to take effeft after the demife of your Majejly, [whom God long preferve) and alfo for thefon and daughter °f y°ur Majejly s dearly beloved brother the duke of Gloucefter, to take effeft after the deceafe of the faid duke of Gloucefter: and whereas by an aft, made in the firfi year of the reign of her late majejly £$ueen Anne, intituled, An a<ft for the better fupport of her Recital of Majefty’s houlhold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown,1 Ann. ft**- *• to the end that the Imd revenues of the crown might be spreferved, c‘ 7* improved, and encreafed, to the bejl advantage thereof it was among other things enafted and declared, That all and every grants leafe, or other ajfurance, which, from and after the twenty fifth diy of March, one thoufand feven hundred and two, Jhould be made or granted, in manner therein mentioned, of any the manors, mejjuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, therein fpecified, other than fuch grants, leaf's, and dffurances, as are therein excepted, Jhould be utterly void and of no effeft; and by another aft, made in the ninth year of her faid M jefiy's reign, intituled, An adl for cftablilhing a gene- 9 Ann. c. 10. ral port-office for all her Majefty’s dominions; and for fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues thereof, for the fervice of the war, and other her Majefty’s occafions; to the intent that the inheritance of fuch part of the duties and revenues arifeng in and by the general let ter-office or pojl-office^ which was thereby vejled in her faid late Majejly, her heirs and Juccejfo-'S, undeterminable, as therein mentioned, might be preferved in the crown for the future benefit thereof it was (among other things) enafted and declared, That the fame, or any part thereof Jhould not be alienable, changeable, or grantable by, her Majejly, her heirs or Jucceffors, for any ejlate, term, or time whatfoever, to endure longer than the life of her Majejly, or of fuch King or §)ueen as Jhould make fuch alienatum, charge, or grant re-fptftively} and that all gifts, grants, alienations, or ajfurances whatfoever, to be bad or made of, or charged upon, the fame duties or revenues, or any part thereof, contrary to the provifeons of ekat a ft, Jhould

E 3	be

Digitized by L.ooQle

and 5 Geo. j. c. *5.

54	Anno dccimo o£tavo Georgii HI. c.31. f 1778.

be null and void: and whereas by an aft, made in'the firjl year of 1 Geo. 3. c. 1. yftur Majejly s reign, intituled. An ad for the fupport of his Ma-jefty’s houlhold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, the duties and revenues commonly called The Hereditary Revenues, together ifeth feveral temporary duties and reve->	nues	thereby continued, and all other branches and revenues which, on

the twenty fourth day of Odober, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty, Jlood fettled or appointed to go and be paid towards the fupport of the houjhold of his late majejly King George the Second, of bleffei memory, and the honour and dignity of the crown, and certain other Jmall branches 'of your Majejly's revenues therein alfo exprejfed, (ex~ cept as therein excepted,) were, during your Majejly's life, carried to and made part of the general or aggregate fund, ejlablifbed by an att made in the firjl year of the reign of bis late majejty King George the Firjl: and whereas by another afi, made in the fifth year of your Majejly s reign, intituled, An ad to alter certain rates of poftage; and to amend, explain, and enlarge, feveral provifions in an ad made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in other ads relating to the revenue of the polt-office; it was enatled% That all the monies arifing by the rates therein before-mentioned (ex-cept as is therein excepted) fhouldbe appropriated and applied to fuch and the fame ufes to which the then rates of pofiage were refpehively by law appropriated and made applicable: now We, your Majejly's moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons ofG rcat Britan, in parliament ajjembled, having taken into confederation the prefent Jlate of your royal family, more numerous in its branches than thefe kingdoms have had the happinefs offering in any former reign; and thinking it highly juft and reafenable that your Majejly Jhould be enabled to make pro-vifion for their honourable fupport and maintenance; do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-

....... ^	thority	of	the	fame. That it (hall and tnay be lawful to and for

impowered' to the King’s moft excellent majefty, by any letters patent, or by fettle on his feveral letters patents, under the great leal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to give and grant unto their royal highnefles prince Frederick bifhop of Ofnaburgh, prince IVilliam Henry, prince Edward, prince Erne ft Auguftus, prince Augufius Frederick, and prince Adolphus Frederick, and to the furvivors and furvivor of them, or to fuch other perfon or perfons as his Majefty (hall think fit to be named in fuch letters patent, and his or their heirs,during the lives of their faid royal highnefles, and the life of the furvivor of them in truft for their (aid royal highnefles, and the furvivors or furvivor of them, one annuity or yearly fum of money, not exceeding the film of fixty thoufand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain by the year, to commence and take eflfedl from the day of the demife of his Majefty, (whom God long preferve), and to be paid and payable, by even and equal portions, on the four moft ufual days of payment in the year; (that is to fay,) The fifth day of January, the fifth day or April, the '	f	c,h

Fit Majefty

iix younger fonsan annuity of 6o,oool. per annum, to Commence from the He* n»i'e of his Majefty}

Digitized by

Google

1778.] Anno dedmo odtvo Georgii III. c. 31.	5#

fifth day of July, and the tenth day of Oftober; th't firft payment thereof to be made on fuch of the faid days which (hall next happen after the demife of his faid Majefty; and that fuch an- and to Be nuity, or yearly fum of money as aforefaid, (hall or may, by fuch cBarg«l upon letter^ patent as aforefaid, be given and granted to iflue, and (hall hereditary accordingly iflue and be payable out oftand be charged and charge- duties which, able upon, all or any part or parts'bf fuch of the hereditary du- by 1 Geo. 3. c. ties, revenues, and branches, as were by the faid a6t, made in were made the firft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign* intituled. An aft for aggregate* the fupport of his Majefly s houjeholi, and of the honour and dignity fund, etc. of the crown of Great Britain, carried to, and made part of, the (aid general or aggregate fund, and (hall be then fubfifting; and out of and upon fuch part of the rates of poftage granted by the faid a<5t, made in the fifth year pf the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to alter certain rates of poftage; and to amend, explain, and enlarge^ fcveral provifions in an aft mqde in the ninth year	1

of the reign of $>ueen Anne, and in other afts relating to the revenue of the poji-officey as (hall then belong to, and be pan of* the hereditary revenues of the crown.

II.	Provided always. That nothing in this adf, or in the let- No one of the

ters patent to be made in purfuance thereof, contained, or to be P™®*1 contained,' (hall extend, or be conftruea to extend, to give and annoity7ban grant a greater annuity or yearly fum jhan fifteen thoufand 15,0001, a pounds by the year, to any one of the faid princes.	year.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, m, Majefty

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the King’s moil ex- impowered to cellent majefty, by any letters patent, or by feveral letters patents, f«tle ®n under the great feal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to hu^ughiers give and grant to their royal highnefles princefs Charlotte Augufta a,\ annaity of Matilda, princefs Augufta Sophia, princefs Elizabeth, princefs 30,0001. per Mery, and princefs Sophia, and to the furvivors and furvivor pf annum, to them, or to fuch other perfon or perfons as his Majefty (hall ^^tehncCjc. think fit to be named in fuch letters patent, and his or their	hi»C"

heirs, during the lives of their faid royal highnefles, and the life Majefty*

of the furvivor of them, in truft for their faid royal highnefles,

or the furvivors or furvivor of them, one other annuity or yearly

fum of money, not exceeding the fum of thirty thoufand pounds *

of lawful money of Great Britain, by the year, to commence and

take effefl from the day of the demife of his Majefty, (whom

God long preferve,) and to be paid and payable, by even and

equal portions, on the four mod ufual days of payment in the

year; (that is to fay) The fifth day of January^ the fifth day .of

Aprils the fifth day of July9 and the tenth day of Oftober \ the

firft payment thereof to be made on fuch of the faid days which

(hall next happen after the demife of his faid Majefty; and that and to bt

fuch laft-mentioned annuity or yearly fum of money (hall of charged ontht

may, by fuch letters patient as aforefaid, be given and granted to dulie! a**ve~

iflue, and (hall accordingly iflue and he payable out of, and be mfntl0Iltd#

charged and chargeable upon, all or any part or parts of fuch of

the hereditary duties, revenues, and branches, as were by the

faid a&, made in the firft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, in-

E 4	. '	tituled.

Digitized by t^ooQle

Regulations for dividing the faid annuity upon the marriage Or death ot any of the piinceffes.

flis Majefty i in powered fettle an an* putty of $>000 1. per

Anno decimo o&avo Gborgii III. C.31. [1778.

tituled, An aft fir the fupport of his Majeftfs houfehold, and of thi honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, carried to, and made part ot, the faid general or aggregate fund, and fhall be then fubfifting; and out of and upon fuch part of the rates of portage, granted by the faid acrt, made in the fifth year of the reign of his prcfent Majefty, intituled. An aft to alter certain rates of pojlage \ and to amende explain, and enlarge, feveral proviftons in an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of §)ueen Anne, and in other afts relating to the revenue of the pojl-office, as (hall then belong to, and be part of, the hereditary revenues of the crown.

IV.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid. That upon the death of any of their faid royal high-nefles the princeffes, or upon the marriage of any one of them, and the payment of a portion on or in confideration of fuch marriage, not Jefs than forty thoufand pounds fterling, the right, titje, (hare, and intereft, of fuch princefs fo dying, or being married, in and to the faid yearly rent or annuity of thirty thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, (hall ceafe and determine, and the faid whole annuity (hall, from thenceforth, accrue and remain to the four other princeffes; and upon the death or marriage of any other of the faid princeffes, and the payment of a portion, not lefs than forty thoufand pounds fterling, on or in confideration of fuch marriage, the right, (hare, and intereft, of fuch other princefs fo dying, or beipg married, in or to the faid 1 annuity of thirty thoufand pounds, (hall ceafe and determine, and the faid whole annuity (hall from thenceforth accrue and remain tp the three other princeffes; and upon the death or marriage of any other of the faid princeffes, and the payment of a portion, not lefs than forty thoufand pounds fterling, on or in confideration of fuch marriage, the right, (hare* and intereft, of fuch other princefs fo dying, or being married, in or to the faid annuity of thirty thoufand pounds, (hall ceafe and determine, and two third parts of the faid annuity of thirty thoufand pounds, amounting to twenty thoufand pounds per annum% and no more, (hall accrue and belong to (he other two princeffes then un-married ; and upon the death or marriage of either of the faid two laft-mentioned princeffes, and payment of a portion, not lefs than forty thoufapd pounds fterling, on or in confideration of fuch marriage, the right, fhare, and intereft, of fuch princefs, of, in, and to the faid annuity of twenty thoufand pounds, (hall ceafe and determine, and the other of the faid princeflfcs then living, (hall be intitlcd tp twelve thoufand pounds per annum% part of the faid rent or annuity of twenty thoufand pounds, and no more, to ceafe and be determined on her death or marriage, and the paypient of a portion, not lefs than forty thoufand pounds fterling, on or in confederation of fuch marriage.

V.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the King’s mod t0 excellent majefty, by any letters patent^ or by feveral letters patents, under the great feal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to give and gr^nt unto his highnefs pinctWilliam Frederick, the

Digitized by v^»ooQle

1778.] Anno decimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 31?	57

fon of his faid royal highnefs the duke of Gloucejier, or to fuch annum, on other perfon or perfons as his Majefiy (ball think fit to be named ^cdci^k^co1 in fuch letters patent, ar.d his or their heirs, during the life pf commence him the laid prince fVilliam Frederick, in truft for him the faid from the de-prince William Frederick, one other annuity or yearly fum ofceafc oftbe money, not exceeding the fum of eight thoufand pounds of law- duke of Giou-ful money of Great Britain by the year, for and during his na- cc cr • tural life, to commence and take effect from the day of the de-ceafc of his faid royal highnefs the dukeof Gloucejier, and to be paid and payable, by even and equal portions, on the four mod ufual days of payment in the year; that is to fay, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of O&ober; the fird payment thereof to be made on fuch of the faid days which fhall next happen after the deceafe of the faid duke of Gloucejier; and that fuch lad-mentioned annuity	on

or yearly fum (hall or may, by fuch letters patent as aforefaid, thc aggregate be given and granted, during the continuance of the faid a6k, fund, made in the fird year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, and of another a6t, made in the feventeenth year of his prefent Majedy’s reign, jor the fupport of bis Majefly's boufebold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, to iflue, and (hall accordingly iflue and be payable out of, and be charged and chargeable upon, the feveral yearly rents or fums by the faid a&s dU reded to be paid and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon; the duties and revenues compofing the faid fund commonly called The General or Aggregate Fund, for the fupport of his Majefty’s houfehold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain; and, from and immediately after the and the here-expiration of the faid ads, the fame fhall or may be given and ditary duties, granted, by fuch letters patent as aforefaid, to iflue, and fhall mentioned,* accordingly iflue and be payable out of, and be charged and chargeable upon, all or any part or parts of fuch of the faid hereditary duties, revenues, and branches, as were thereby carried to, and made part of, the faid general or aggregate fund, and fhall be then fubfifting; and out of and upon fuch part of the rates of poftage granted by the faid a<51, made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An atl to alter certain rates of poftage; and to amend, explain, and enlarge, feveral provi-fions in an a61 made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in other afts relating to the revenue of the pft-office, as fhall then belong to, and be part of, the hereditary revenue of the crown,

VI. And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afore- .Hil Majeftv faid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the King’s moft fet^c a^an-10 excellent majefiy, by fuch letters patent, or by feveral letters nuity of patents, under the great feal of Great Britain, hereafter to be 4,0001. per made, to give and grant unto her highnefs princefs Sophia Ma- annum,cn the tilda, the daughter of his faid royal highnefs the duke of Glou~ cefter, or to fuch other perfon or perfons as his Majefiy fhall commence think fit, to be named in fuch letters patent, and his or their from the de-heirs, during the Jife of her the fait) princefe Sophia Matilda, in Sou

*ruft cefteri °“*

Digitized by Google

§9	Anno	decimo	o&avo	Georgii	III. c. 31. [177?.

truft for her the faid princefc Sophia Matilda, one other annuity or yearly fum of money, not exceeding the fum of four thoufand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain' by the year, for and during her natural life, to commence and take effeft from the day ot the deceafe of his (aid royal highnefs the duke of Gloucefler, and tube paid and payable, by even and equal portions, at the four mod ufual days of payment in the year; that is to fay, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of Oftober-, the firfl payment thereof to be made on fuch of the faid days which (haill next happen after the de-and to be ceafe of the faid duke of Gloucefter\tand that fuch lad-mentioned the^Cd °n	annuity or yearly fiup (hall or may, by fuch letters patent, be

* g*vcn and granted, during the continuance of the faid afts, made the liftmen- *n ^ie and feventeenth years of his prefent Majedy’s reign, noned an- for the fupport of bis Mayfly's houfehold, and of the honour and dig-puity.	n\ty of the crown of Great Britain, to iffue, and be payable out of,

and charged and chargeable upon, the feveral yearly rents or fums, by the faid ads directed to be paid and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the duties and revenues compoGng the faid fund commonly called The General or Aggregate Fund, for the fupport of his Majedy’s houfehold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain; and, from and immediately after the expiration of the (aid afts, the fame (hall or may be given and granted, by fuch letters patent as aforefaid, to iiTue, and fhall accordingly iiTue and be payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, all or, any part or parts of fuch of the faid hereditary duties, revenues, and branches, as were thereby carried to, and made part of, the faid general or aggregate fund, and fhall be then fubfifting; and out of and upon fuch part of the rates of poftage granted by the faid aft, made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to alter certain rates of poftage; and to amende explain, and enlarge, feveral proviftons in an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of S$u**n Anne, and in other afts relating to the revenue of the pojt-office, as fhall then belong to, and be part of, the hereditary re-venues of the crown. mobftru^°the VII. Prov>ded always. That nothing in this aft contained, or payment of * be contained in fuch letters patent as aforefaid, fhall extend any fums	to hinder or obftruft the payments of any monies, by any for-

heretofofe	mcr aft or afts of parliament now in force, charged upon the faid

ffid^utiesduties, and revenues, or any of them, or the application ai u 1CS' thereof to the refpeftive ufes intended by fuch former afts concerning the fame, any thing herein contained to the contrary potwithftanding.

te^aid^'tb VIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, out^fce, af* * That fuch of the faid annuities or yearly fums refpefti vely, which the exche*.	by virtue, of this aft, and fuch letters patent as aforefaid, (hall or

quer, or by	may take place and effeft during the continuance of the faid aft,

the commif- majc fn the firfl; year of his prefent Maiefty’s reign, intituled, the revenues An	bhe fupport of his Mayfly's houfehold, and of the honour

on which they and dignity of the crown of Groat Britain, fhall, during the conti-are charged;	nuan.ee

59

17^8.] Anno derimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 3 f.

nuance thereof, be paid and payable at the receipt of his Ma-jefty’s exchequer; and, from and immediately after the expiration thereof, all the faid annuities or yearly fums above mentioned to be given and granted by virtue of this a (hall be paid and payable either at the faid receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, or by and from the immediate hands of all and every the commiffioners, farmers, treafurers, or receivers for the time* being, of the faid revenues refpe&ively, upon which the faid annuities or yearly fums, or any part or parts theredf, (hall be charged by virtue of this alt, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any part thereof; and the ac- ^ipti'of^heir quittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of their faid royal royal bigh-highnefles prince Frederick bi(hop of Ofnabsargb, prince Willtam ndfcs the jHenry, prince Edward, prince Emeft Auguflus, prince Augscflusprince* and' Frederick, and prince Adolphus Frederick, and of their faid royal highnefles princefs Charlotte Augufla Matilda, princefi Augufla|£*nt Sophia, princefs Elizabeth, princefs Mary, and princefs Sophia, charges for and of their highnefles prince William Frederick, and princefs the lame. Sophia Mdtilda, refpe&ivdy, or the furvivors or furvivor of them, or of fuch of them as (hall be inthled to receive any fuch annuity or yearly fum, or any part thereof* or of any perfotr or perfons authorifed by them, or any of them TefpedHvely, to receive the fame, (hall be a good and fuflicient di (charge for the payment thereof, without any further or other warrant to be filed for, had, or obtained, in that behalf; and that the faid re- Annuities to fpe&ive annuities or yearly fums, and every part thereof, (hallbc ttx*ffCC* be free and dear from all taxes, impofitions, and other publick charges whatfoever: and that if the officer of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, or the faid commiffioners, farmers, trea-furers, or receivers for the time being, of any of the faid duties exchequer, or revenues, upon which the faid annuities or yearly fums, or etc. (hail neg-any part or parts thereof, (hall be charged as aforefaid, (hall re- ,eft l?Wtoe fufe dr negle<ft to pay the fame, upon demand to be made for that purpoie, or any part thereof, according to the true intent <*. t^\r fecii. of this a&, and of fuch letters, patent or letters patents, to be rities, may be granted by his Majefty as aforefaid, then their faid royal high- ,or thc nefles prince Frederick bifliop of Ofnaburgh, prince William Hen-ry, prince Edward, prince Emeft Auguftus, prince Auguftus Frederick, and prince Adolphus Frederick, and their faid royal highnefles princefs Charlotte Augufla Matilda, princefs Augufla Sophia, princefs Elizabeth, princefs Mary, and princefs Sophia, and their highnefles prince Wiliam Frederick, and princefs Sophia Matilda, or the furvivors or furvivor of them, or fuch of them as (hall be intitled to receive the faid annuities, or any of them, of any 'part thereof, or fuch their truftees refpe&iveJy, may, from time to time, fue, profecute, and implead, fuch officers, commifiion-ers, farmers, treafurers, or receivers, or any of them, or all or any of their fecurities, their heirs, executors, and admlniftrators, by bill, plaint, or a&ion of debt, and (hall and may recover judgements, and fue out executions thereupon, againft (tick officers, commiffioners, farmers* treafurers, or receivers retpc&vely, and

their

4

Digitized by

Google

6o ,

Provifo relating to the payment of the annuities.

All the power*, directions, etc. to be contained in his Majefty’i letters patent to be made in purfuance of - this a£t, ihall be effc&aal in law, notwithstanding any rettridtion* contained in any of the before recited adts, etc.

Anno dccimo oftavo Gboroii III. C. 31. [177#*

their refpedtive fecurities, their heirs, executors, of adminiftraf-tors, for fo much of fuch fum or fums of money then due and owing upon the faid feveral and refpedtive annuities, or any part thereof, as (hall have been in the hands of fuch officers, com* miffioners, farmers, treafurers, or receivers, refpedtively, at the time and times when fuch demand (hall be made of the payment of the faid feveral and refpedtive annuities or yearly fums, or any part thereof, as aforefaid.

IX.	Provided always. That if any of tfie faid refpedtive annuities or yearly fums, or any part thereof, (hall ceafe to be chargeable upon, and payable out of, the faid general or aggregate fund, or any part thereof, and (hall become chargeable upon, and payable out of, all or any of the faid hereditary duties, revenues, and branches, between any two of the faid quarterly days of payment5 then, and in fuch cafe, fuch annuities refpedtively (hall, at the next quarter day, be payable, at the receipt of the exchequer, out of the faid general or aggregate fund, and out of the faid hereditary duties, revenues, and branches, in proportion to the times during which the fame were, in the courfe of fuch quarter, fo chargeable and payable, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the powers, precepts, diredtions, and claufes, to be contained in his Majefty’s letters patent hereafter to be made as aforefaid, for the better and more certain payment and alTurance of the faid feveral annuities or yearly fums, and for making the faid refpedtive revenues, or any of them, or any part or parts thereof, liable thereunto as aforefaid, (hall be good and effedtual in the law, according to the tenor and purport thereof, in the faid letters patent or letters patents to be expreff-ed, notwithftanding any reftri&ion or other matter or thing contained in the faid recited adt, made in the firft year of the reign of her faid late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for the bet-ter fupport of her Majejlys houfebold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown; and notwithftanding any reltridtiqn or other matter or thing contained in the faid adt, made in the ninth year of the reign of her faid late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for eftoblijhing a general pojl-office for all her Majejlyi dominions, and for fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues thereof for the fer-vice of the war, and other her Majeflfs octafions\ and notwithftanding any reftridtion or other matter or thing contained in the faid adt, made in the firft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aftfor thefupport of his Majejlys hcufehold, aud of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain; and notwithftanding any reftridtion or other matter or thine contained in the faid adt, made in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft to alter certain rates of pojlage; and to amende explain, and enlarge,jeveral provifions in an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in other afts relating to the revenue of the pojl-office; and notwithftanding any other adt or acts of parliament, or any raifrccital, nonrecital, omiffion, or Qthcr defedt, in

the

Digitized by

Google

6i

1778.] Anno declmo o&avo GeoRGII III. c. 32—36.

the faid letters patent or letters patents, hereafter to be made by virtue of this aft.

XI.	Saving to all and every perfon and perfohs, bodies poli- Oencral far-tick and corporate, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and ,ng* alligns, (other than the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors,), all fuch right, title, intereft, and demand whatfoever, which they, or any of them, have or may have, of, in, to, or out of the revenues aforefaid, or any of them, or any part thereof, before the making of this aft, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if this aft had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXII.

An aft for further continuing fo much of certain duties as have by feve-ral afts of parliament been granted and continued for repairing and maintaining the harbours of Dover and Rye, as are applicable to completing and keeping in repair the faid haibour of Rye, in the county of SufiTex.

CAP. XXXIII.

An aft for the better prefervation of filh, and regulating the fiiberies, in the rivers Severn and Verniew.

Preamble. Recital of aft i Eliz. and 30 Car. a. Putt fifheries defcribed.

Reitnftions contained in aft 30 Car. 2. injurious. So much of afts 1 Eliz. and 30 Car. 2. as relate to length of nets and (ize of meihes, below the bridge, etc. repealed. Regulations relating to the time of fifhing, the fi^e of the meihes, etc. Penalty on perfons offending againft the faid regulations. Penalties may be levied by diftrefs. On failure of diffrefs, party to be committed. On information on oath that improper nets, etc. are fufpefted to be ufed. fearch warrants may be granted. Penalty on persons caufing obftruftions in filhing draughts by anchoring of veflels. Improper nets found fixed acrof* the rivers may be deftroyed. Juft ices may grant warrants to fearch for illegal nets. Angling allowed on certain conditions. Provifo. Claufe for preventing fiffung in the night-time, and for othertarays preferving the fi(h. Stakes to be fixed in the river, to pre-ferve the fry and breed of filh. Limitation of aftions,etc. How juftices to proceed tor conviftion of offenders. Form of conviftion. The penalty inffifted by aft 1 Geo. 1. for catching fifh under fize, may be mitigated.

Provifo. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter-feffions. Tnit aft not to affeft any ancient putt filhries, except as aforefaid. Beginning and ending of the Lord's day. Provifo. This aft not to extend to (hrimp lieu. Publick aft.

CAP. XXXIV.

An aft for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts, within the foake of Bolingbrooke and wapentake of Candlelhoe, in the parts of londfey, in the county of Lincoln,

CAP. XXXV.

An aft for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred, of Stow, in the county of Suffolk.

CAP. XXXVI.

An aft for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts, within thq

lile of Ely, in the'tounty of Cambridge,	-	;

CAP.

Anno deciruo o&avo Georgii III. q. 37. [1778.

CAP. XXXVII.

An all for paving parts of the footpaths on the (ides of the great road* called Whitechapel Road, ia the county of Middlefex ; and alfo tin? ftveral ftreets, lanes, roads, and paflages, opening into the lame; and for preventing obftru&ious, nuifances, and annoyances therein, ana near thereto.

Preamble. Karnes of com mi (lion ers. On death, etc. of commiffionert* others to be chofen Ten days notice to be given of fuch election. Qualification of commiffioners. Penalty on ailing it not qualified. Wnat number of commiffioners may all. Time and place of commiffioners firft meeting. They may adjourn; or in default thereof, the clerk may appoint a meeting, &c. If clerk negtell, etc. two commiffioners may do it*

O three days notice. No commifiioner to hold any place of profit.

iffioners to appoint officers, and allow them falaries, etc. Rates to be paid to the collector. Officers to account, and pay the balance, etc. In default thereof an allion may-be brought; or juftice, on complaint, may grant a warrant of diftrefs. On failure of diftrefs, etc. the offender may be committed. Provifo. On death or infolvency of officers, executors, etc. to pay the balance in preference of any other creditor; and may

£*ve in evidence fuch payment. On negleH of executors, etc com mi f-•ners may bring an allion againft them. Officers who (hall take any reward other than their falaries, or be interefied in any bargain made by the commiffioners, are difqualified* and (hall forfeit 50I. Commiffioners empowered to pave: to raifl or (ink the ground 1 to take up and remove water pipes, etc. to remove proje&ons, and to make Contrails. Penalty on breach of contrail, how recoverable, &c. Commiffioners may alter the pofition of lamp-irons. Commiffioners may fell the old materials, and apply the money, etc. Perfons intermeddling with the pavement, or ob-itrulling workmen, to forfeit 40 s. Property of pavement and materials veiled in the commiffioners, &c. Pavement may be taken up for amending water pipes, etc. Notice, within 6 hours after finifhing thereof, to bo given to the commiffioners* paviour, who (hall repair the fame in a days. Contrails for paving pipe trenches, to be advertised. Chaiges of repair* ing pavement taken up, to be paid by perfons occafioning the damage s how to be recovered. Paviours, etc. to water companies to give notice to the commiffioners clerk of their names and places of abode, on forfeiture of 40 s. Water companies to repair their pipes within two days after notice. Private drains, etc. to be repaired by the commiffioners at the expence of the proprietors, when negleHed by them after notice: which expence is to be proportioned by the commiffioners. How the faid charges may be recovered. Commiffioners of (ewers to be fummoned when any repairs of fewers, etc. are wanted. Penalty on laying dirt, etc. in the paths. Goods and carriages obftrulling the paflage may be feized, and if not claimed, etc. in % days, may be fold. Penalty on driving wheelbarrows, etc. over the foot-pavement. Hoards may be erelled with leave. Penalty on ereHing them without leave. Foot pavements to be fwept everyday (Sundays excepted). Hottfes to be numbered,etc. Signs, etc. to be regulated. ProjeHions to be removed. Penalty on caufiug annoyances by (igns, gutters, etc. Commiffioners impowered to make rates, not exceeding nine pence in the pound. Rates to be paid by occupiers: one third whereof (hall be allowed by landlords. Houles, etc. unoccupied, to pay only one third of the rate. When a houfe is occupied by two or more tenants, the tenant paying the rates todedull the whole out of his rent. Rates to be figned by two juflices. On refit(al to pay the rates, they may be levied by diftrels: on failure whereof, tne party to be committed. All the perfons in arrear may be comprized in one warrant or fchedule thereto. Places of woHhip, void fpaces of ground, etc. may be rated. By whom fuch rates (hall be paid. Rates may be recovered by allion. Vacant ground to be fenced in at the expence of the occupiers, etc. Occupiers quitting without paying rates, may be followed, etc In cafe of ©olle&ors becoming infolvent,etc. the deiiciency to be again .t(T fled.

Com-

Digitized by LjOoq le

1778.} Anno decimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 38,39,	63

Commifiioners nifty borrow 3,000 1. at intereft, or raife it by fale of an* nosiest no one annoity to exceed tool. Oommiffioner* order to entitle the contributor to the payment of hit intereft and annuity t which (hall be charged upon the rates. Annuities deemed indefeafible eft ate*: but not liable to the land tax. Annuities, etc. may be afligned totus quoties. AU fignments to be entered. As annuitants die, the rates to be lowered.

Monies may be raifed by fale of other annuities in the place of thole that have ceafed, for the payment of the intereft money. Expences of palling this aft to be firft paid. Certain parts of the pavement to be done by the parilh furveyors: but if they negleft, the CommilTioners are to do it.

Cl a ufe to impower the commiflioners to pave the footways of any adjoin* ing ftreet, etc. in cafe two thirds of the inhabitants (hall reaueft it. The accounts for paving fuch ftreet*, etc. to be kept feparate. Penalties may be mitigated. How tar they may be mitigated. Commiflioners who are ^uftices may aft as fuch; and adminifter oaths. Aftions may be inftituted in the name of the treasurer. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the fef-fions, whofe determination (hall be final. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. CommilTioners may reward informers. Dili refs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends bath been made. Writings to be without * ft amps. Proceedings to be entered in a book, which may be read in evidence. Proceedings not to be qualbed for wane of form, nor removed by Certiorari, Limitation of aftions. General iiTue. Treble cofts. Publics: aft.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An aft for railing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feven ty-cight.

CAP. XXXIX.

Art aft to indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify tbemfelves for offices and employments and to indemnify juflices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regijler or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thrfc purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities9 corporationsy and borough townSy whofe admiffions have been omitted to be )lamped according to laWy or, having been Jlampedy have been loft or miflaid; and for allowing them time to provide admifiions duly Jlamped\ and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folic iters.

TIF H E R E A S divers perfons, whoy on account of their officeSy Preamble.

- Y V placesy employment$y or ptofeffionSy or any other caufe or occa-fton, ought to have taken and fubferibed the oathsy or the afiurance re-fpeftively, appointed to be by fuch perfons taken and fubferibed, in and Perfons who by an aft made in the firft year of the reign of bis late majejly King °^lttcd George the Firft, of glorious memory, (intituled. An aft for the tbemfelves "further fecurity of his Majefty’s perfon and government, and the agreeable to fuccelfion of rhe crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, a& 1 Geo. i. being proteftants; and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and fecret abettors;) or to have qualified tbemfelves according to an aft, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An aft for ^ ^ £ar. *. the well-governing and regulating corporations;) or to have qualified

Digitized by CjOOQie

6*

Ait 15 Car. i.

Ail 30 Car. a.

Ail 8 Geo. 1.

Ail 9 Geo. a.

Ail 18 Geo.t.

and ail 6 Geo. 4-

before the pafCng of this

Anno decimooftavo Georgu III. 0.39.	[177 S.

///fri t hemfelves according to another aft,made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An ail for preventing the clangers which may happen from popifh recufants, by receiving the faefament of the Lord’s fupper, according to the ufage of the church of England, and making and fubferibing the declaration againft tranfubftanriation therein mentioned ;) or according to another aft, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An ail for the more effeilual pre-ferving the King’s perfon and government, by difabling papifts from fittlhg in either houfe of parliament j) or according to another aft, made m the eighth year of the reign of bis late majejly King George the Firjl, (intituled, An ail for granting the people called Quakers fuch forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove* the difficulties which many of them lie under;) or according to another aft, made in the ninth year of the reign of his late maje/ly King George the Second, (intituled, An ail for indemnifying per-fons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpofe; and for amending (b much of an ail, parted in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majcfty, as requires per-fons to qualify themfelves for offices before the end of the next term, or quarter feflions; and alfo for enlarging the time limited by law for making and fubferibing the declaration againft tranfubftantiation* and for allowing a further time for inrol-ment of deeds and wills made by papifts ; and for relief of pro-teftant purchafers, devifees, and leflees;) or according to another aft, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, (intituled, An ail to amend and render more effeilual an ail, parted in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the further qualification ofjujlices of the peace \) or according to another aft, made in the fixthyearof the reign of his prefent Majejly, (intituled, An ail for altering the oath of. abjuration,and the arturance; and for amending fo much of an ail, made in the feventh year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for the improvement of the unionof the two kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lifts and copies therein mentioned to perfons indiiled of high treafon, or mifprifion of treafon;) have, through ignorance of the law, abfence, or fome unavoidable accident, omitted to take and fubferibe the faid oaths and ajfurance, and make and fubferibe the de~ claration required by law, or other wife to qualify themfelves as afore-faid, within fuch time, and in fuch manner, as in and by the faid afts refpeftivdy, or by any other aft of parliament in that behalf made, is required, whereby they have incurred, or may be in danger of incurring, divers penalties and difabilities: for quieting the minds of his Majejly's fubjefts, and for preventing any inconveniences that might otherwife happen by means of fuch omtjjions; be it enailed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament artembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every perfon or perfons, who, at or before the parting of this

a<5l,

Google

1778.3 Anno decima o&avo Georgii III.vG. 39-	^5

adfc, hath or (hall have omitted to take and fubfcribe the faid oaths? and declarations, or to receive the facrament of the Lord’s fup-per, or other wife to qualify him, her, or themfelves, within fuch time, and.in fuch manner, a$ id and by the faid a<5b, or any of them, or by any othjr ad of parliament in that behalf made, is	«

required j and who, after accepting any fuch office, place, or employment, or undertaking any piofertion or thing on account of which fuch qualifications ought to have been had, and is required, before the parting of this ad, hath or have taken and fubfcribed the faid oatfis, or made the declarations required by law, and alfo received the faerament of the Lord’s fupper, according to the ufage of the church of England, or who,- on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one rh'oufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, ihall take and fubfcribe the faid oaths, and who finU* declarations, and aflurance refpedively, in fuch cafes wherein by °n or f*f°re law the faid oaths, declarations, and aflurance, ought to have qJalify’thern-i been taken or fubfcribed, in fuch manner and form, and at or in reives/ fuch place or places, as are appointed in and by the faid adt, made in the firft year of the reign of his faid late majefty King jGeorge the Firft, or by any other a6fc or atfs of parliament in that behalf made and provided, and a(fo hath or have received, ot (hall, on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, receive the facrament kof the Lord’s fupper, according to the ufage of the church of England, in fuch cafes wherein the faid facrament ought to have been received, and hath or have made and fubfcribed, or (hall, on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, make and fubfcribe the faid declaration againft tranfubftamiation, and alfo hath or have made and fubfcribed, or (hall, on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, make^and fubfcribe the faid declaration, in the faid ftatuto made in the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second, in fuch cafes wherein the faid declarations ought to have been made and fubfcribed, and take and fubfcribe the oath directed by the faid suft made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, in fuch cafes wherein tjic faid oath ought to have been taken and fubfcribed, in fuch manner as by the faid a<ft is directed, (hall be, and are Hereby indemnified, (hall fee freed, and difeharged, from and againft all penalties, forfeitures, indeninH^d incapacities, and difabilities incurred, or to be incurred,for or by	f°r-

reafon of any.negleft or omiftion previous to the parting of this tcltur€S* a<ft, of taking or lubfcribing the faid oaths or aflurance, or receiving the facrament, or making or fubferibing the faid declarations, pr taking or fubferibing the faid oath, according to the above-mentioned atfts, or any «f them, or any other a<ft or adtsj and fuch perfon and perfons is and are, and (hall be, fully and aflually recspacitatcd and reftored to the fame ftate and condition as he, (he, or they, were in before fuch negled or omiflion, and (hall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themfelves, according to the above- mentioned a&s, and every Vol. XXXII.	F	of

Digitized by

Google

A

6$	Anno	dcdjpo o&avo GeoRgiI IIL c. 39.	[1778.	*

of them: and that all ele&ions of, and ads done, or to be done, by any fucb perfon or perfons, or by authority derived from him, her, or them, are and (hall be of the fame force and validity as the fame, or any of them, would have been if fuch perfon or perfon? refpe&ively had taken the faid oath or affiirance, and received the facrament of the Lord’s Topper, and made and fub- • foribed the faid declarations, and taken and fubfcribed the faid oath, according to the direction of the faid ads, and every or any of them; and,that the qualification of fuch perfon or perfons, qualifying tbemfelves in manner, and within the time appointed by this ad, (hall be, to all intents and purpofes, as effectual as if fuch perfon or perfons had refpedively taken the faid oaths and affiirance, and received the facrament, and made and fubfcribed the faid declaration, and taken and fubfcr.bed the faid oath, within the time, and in the manner appointed by the feveral ads before-mentioned.

Not toindem- II. Provided always. That this ad, or any thing herein con-nify any per- tained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to indemnify f°”naUr tncur- any Per^on againft whom final judgement (ball have been given, redbyVeg. * ir* any a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his letting n>qua- Majefty’s courts of record, for any penalty incurred by having lity himfelr. neglcded to qualify himfelf within the time limited by law.

III.	And whereas the appointments of divers clerks of the peace, town clerks, and other publick officers, and the admiffons of divers members, and officers of cities, corporations, and borough towns, or the » entries of fuch admiffons in ^ the court booksy roils y or records, offucb cities, corporations, and borough townsy which by feveral ails of parliament art direfled and requited to be ftampedy may not have been provided, or the fame not ftamped, or may have been loft or miflaid; Perfons pro* be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, for the indent	of fuch perfons whofc appointments and admiffions, or

arXidm?ffions entries of whole admiffions as aforefaid may not have been betoVePec.15. provided,, or not duly (lamped, or where the fame hove been *77*»	loft or miflaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch per-

fans, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thou-fand feven hundred and fevemy-eight, to provide, or caufe to be provided, appointments and admiffions, or entries of admiffions, as aforefaid, duly (lamped: or, in cafe where fuch appointments, admiffions, or entries of admiffions, as aforefaid, have been made or provided, but have not been duly (lamped, to produce fuch appointments, admiffions, or entries of admiffions, as aforefaid, to the commiffioners appointed to infpect and manage the revenues of the (lamp-duties, to be duly (lamped ; which fuch commiffioners are hereby authorifed, impowered, and required, to duly (lamp, on payment of the duties firft payable, or to have been paid on fuch appointments, admiffions, or entries of adthiffions, as aforefaid, without any fine or forfeiture (hall be con- thereon; and fuch perfons fo providing appointments, admif-to ®Qns» ^ cntr*cs °f admiffions, as aforefaid, duly damped, or att as clerk, procuring the fame to be duly (lamped, in manner aforelaid, are officer, or *' and (hall be .hereby confirmed and qualified to a& as clerk of

the

Digitized by

Google

177^-] Anno decimo oftavo Georgii I FI. c. 39.	67

the peace, town clerk, or other publick officer, or member or member of members, officer or officers, of fuch cities, corporations, and^J>crPoratio“,# borough towns refpc&ivcly, to ali intents and purpofes, and (hall m2y enjoy ^ and may hold and enjoy, and execute fuch offices, or any other office* into office or offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, which they notwithftanding his or their omiffion, or the omiffion of any of hja]£kfca their predecefTors, in fuch cities, corporations, or borough towns, £aj| ^ as aforefaid j and (hall be indemnified and difcharged of and indemnified from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures, penalties, and da- from ail penal-mages, by reafon of any fuch omiffion; and none of his or their t'esanddama-adts (hall be queftioned or avoided by reafon of the fame.	byVeafonof

IV. Provided always. That this a#, or any thing herein con- omiffion*. rained, lhall not extend, or be conftmed to extend, to reftore or intitle any perfon or perfons to any office of employment, bene-Not *? exten(* fice, matter, or thing whatfoever, already actually avoided by anyCf~ judgement of any of his Majefty’s courts of record, or already 0fficc avoided legally filled up or enjoyed by any other perfon; but that fuch by judgment* office, employment, benefice, matter, or thing, fo avoided, or legally fi ted up and enjoyed, (hall be and remain in and to the perfon or perfons who is or are now, or (hall, at the paffing of this adt, be legally intitled to the fame, as if this a& had never been made.

V.	And whereas many perfons have omitted to caufe affidavits to be madey and afterwards to be pled in the proper office y of the a final execution of feveral contrafis in writing entered into by them to ferve as tlerks to attornies or folicitorsy within the time in which the fame ought to have been done, and many infants% and others, may thereby incur certain difabilities; for preventing thereof \ ant relieving fuch perfonSy be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That every per-Perfon* whd fon who, at the paffing of this adt, (hall have negledled or omitted .caufe to caufe any fuch affidavit or affidavits as aforefaid to be made

and filed, and who, on or before the firft day of Michaelmas Michaelmas

term, one thoufand (even hundred and feventyreight, (hall caufe term 17784

one or more affidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to

be filed, in fuch manner as the fame ought to have been made

and filed in due time, (hall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, are indernni-

and difcharged, from and againft all penalties, forfeitures, inca- charged from

pacifies, and difabilities, in or by any or ads of parliament, penalties/

mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reafon of

ftich negled or omiffion; and every fuch affidavit and affidavits

fo to be made, and which (hall be duly filed on or before the faid

firft day of Michaelmas term, one thoufand feven hundred and

fcventy-eight, (hall be aseffie&ual, to all intents and purpofes, as

if the lame had been made and filed within the refpe&ive times

the fame ought, by the laws now in being for that purpofe, to

have been made and filed.

VI.	And be it further enatfted, That in cafe any adtion, fuit, Perfons profe-hill of indi&ment, or information, (hall, from and after the paf- cuted and fing of this a<ft* be brought, carried on, or profecuted, againft tor^ndemfr any perfon or perfons hereby meant or intended to be ixidemni- nified, may* feed, recapacitated, or reftored, for or on account of any forfei- plead’the ge-

Fa

Digitized by ^ooQle

A

68	Anno	decimo o&avo Gborgii 111. c. 40. [1778.

turc, penalty, incapacity, or difability whatfoever incurred, or to be incurred, by any fuch negleft or omiflion, fuch perfon or per-fons may pleaa the general ifliie, and, upon their defence, give this aft, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, upon any trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. XL.

An aft to repeal fuch part of an aft, made in the lajl fifficn of par-liament, as relates to the manner of difeharging bonds given for the due exportation of certain goods from Great Britain to foreign parts \ and to extend fuch part of the fame aft, as obliges the majler of Bririfh or Irifh /hips, failing from any of his Majefiy's dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a manifejl of their cargoes to the Britilh conful ref ding there, to the like vcffels failing into Denmark, Norway, W Archangel.

Preamble. TTIT HEREAS by an aft made in the lap feffton of parliament, J70eo.3.c,*t. VV (intituled, An aft to prevent the clamleftine unfhipping recited, * from and receiving goods at fea on board veflels employed in the Baft India company’s fervice; for afeertaining the manner of difeharging bonds given for the due exportation of certain goods from Great Britain to foreign parts; and to oblige the matters , of Britifh or lrijh fhips, failing from any of his Majefty’s dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a manifefto of their cargoes to , the Britifh conful refiding there), it is omorgjl other things enaft-edy That no bond; given in pur fiance of any aft or afts of parliament, for the due and regular exportation of any goods, which arc or may be prohibited to be worn, or ufed, in Great Britain, or which are or may be intit led to any drawback, bounty, or premium, payable out of ' any money arifing by the revenue of cujlcms, upon exportation from this kingdom into foreign parts, Jbeil be delivered up, cancelled, or dif-charged, until certificates Jhall be produced of the exportation to, and landing fuch goods at, the ports and places mentioned in fuch bond, or until proof be made upon oath in relation thereto, in fuch manner and form as in the faid recited aft is direfted: and whereas it has been found very prejudicial to the trade of this kingdom, and in many cafes imprafticable for the exporters of fuch goods to obtain the certificates, and make the proof , in the manner required by the faid aft; for remedy 'whereof, be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituaJ and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the patting of this aft, fuch part of the faid recited aft, as requires certificates to be produced, and proof to be made, for the discharge of any bonds entered into in this kingdom, for the due exportation of the goods therein mentioned to any foreign parts, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, ftotyi and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou-fand feven hundred and feventy-eight, fuch part of the faid recited

and in part, repealed.

Part of the faid a£t relating to tbe portc in the

Digitized by CjOOQle

1778.] Anno decimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 41,42.	69

cited aft, as requires the mafter, commander, or other perfon Baltic, exhaving the charge of any Britijb or Irijb (hip or vefle], failing |5ndcd from Great Britain or Ireland, or any other part of his Majehy’s L,enmar »ctc< dominions, to any port or place in the Baltic^ to deliver to the Britijb conful refiding there, or to fuch other perfon or perfons as (hall be appointed for that purpofe by him, a true manifeft, in writing, upon oath, fpecifying the particulars of the whole cargo of (uch (hip or veffel, with the marks and numbers of the package containing the fame, (hall extend, and be conftrued to extend, to fuch Britijb or Irijb (hips or veflels, as (hall fail from Great Britain or Ireland, or any other part of his Majefty’s dominions, to any of the ports of Denmark, Norway, and Archangel% in the fame manner, and under the fame reftriftions, in all re-fpefts, as is and are directed and required by the faid recited aft, with regard to fuch veflels failing to any port or place in the Baltic*

CAP. XLI.

An aft for uniting the free grammar fenool of James king of England, within the town of Henley upon Thames, in the county of Oxford, with tne charity (chool founded in the fame town by dame Elizabeth Periara, widow i and for the better regulation and management of the faid endowments.

Preamble, reciting letters patent of King James I. and the wiM of William Gravett. Dame Elizabeth Periam's foundation of a charity fchool.

The prefent annual income of the two fchools. Prefent governors of the free grammar fchool { and of dame Elizabeth Periam’s. Inconvrniencies attending the prefer eltabliftiment. The two charities confolidated,and united together. The title thereof, The governors of both fchools united together as truftees for^he new eftabliihment} who are to be a body corporate : their .name and powers. Eftates and effefts of both fchools veiled in the truftees: who are impowered to difpo'e of the fame for the purpofes of this aft. Expcnces of this aft to be firtt paid. To promote and facilitate the (ale ana exchange of the effaces, purchalers are / to hold the lands, drtchargtd from ail ufes, trutts, etc. Truftees authorized to grant building or repairing lea'es for lopg terms of years, without taking fines, etc. Matters, ufhers, and aflittanrs, to be appointed by the truftees $ who are to allow them falaries/ Truftees to direft how many boys Ihall be admitted, etc. and may make bye-laws j to be allowed by the bifhop of Oxford. Truftees, on doubts in the conttruftion of any rule or bye law, etc. may apply in a fummary way to the court of chancery. Surplus money to be placed out at intereft. Power to difpofe* of the furplus money. When truftees die, or refute to aft, new ones to be chofen. Each truttee (hall be accountable only for his own aft and deed.

Truitces to reimburse themfelves their'expences in executing this aftl Public* aft. General faving.

CAP. XLII.

- An aft to enable the corporation of Trinity Houfe of Deptford Strond to eftabhfh and maintain a light-houfe on the rocks called The Smalls* in Saint George's Channel.

, Preamble. Aft 8 Eliz. recited. Letters patent of 36 Eliz. recited. After alight (hall be placed in a light houfe on one of the rocks called The Smalls, duties may be collefted by the matter, etc. of Trinity Houfe. The duties. Duties to be paid by the matters of veflels. All cuttorqers, etc. to take cate that thefc duties are paid. Exemptions from the duties- The

F 3	grant



Digitized by <^.ooQle

7o	Anno,	decirho	o&zvoGEOXOll III. C.43—45.	[1778.

grant of the rocks to Mr. Philips, by letters patent, declared void. The rocks vetted in the corporation of Trinity Houfe, (ubjc& to a yearly rent of 5I. payable to his Majttty. Limitation of adions. General iflue. Treble cofts. Publick ad.	'

CAP. XLIII.

An a ft to repeat an ad, patted in the laft feflion of parliament, for the recovery of (mall debts, within the feveral parHhes of Surfleet, Gofberton, Quadring, Donnington, Bicker, Swinefhead, Wigtofr, Surterton, Algar-lurke, Foidike, Kir ton, Frampton, Wiberton, and Brothertoft, within the hunt)*?*! of Kirton, and county of Lincoln*

CAP. XLIV.

An ad for building a ttone bridge acrofs the river Tyne, oppottte the town of Hexham, in the county of Northumberland, and for making proper roads and avenues to and from the fame.

CAP. XLV.

An ad to continue the feveral laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowance upon the exportation ofBriufa-made gunpowder; to the further encouraging the manufacture of Britilh fail cloth and to the duties payable on foreign fail cloth; to the granting a liberty to carry fugats of the growth, produce, or manufacture % oj any of his Ma~ jtfly's Jugar colonies, diredly to foreign parts, in /hips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; to the further Puni/bment of perfons going armed or dtfguifed, in defiance of the laws of cufioms or txcife; to the prohibiting the importation of light fiver coin of this realm ftom foreign countries into Great Britain dr Ireland, and to refrain the tender thereof beyond a certainfum} to the granting a bounty upon flax feed imported into Ireland ; to the better regulating of pilots for the conducting of/hips and vejfels from Dover, Deal, and Ifle of Thanetj and to revive and continue fo much of an aft, made in the fixteenth year of bis prefent Mo/ejly's retgnl os relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majefys Jugar colonies in America.

\X7 H ER E A S, the laws herein-after mentioned bave9 by ex~ Preamble. V V. perienc*, been found ufefut and beneficial, and are near expir -ing; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded j and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by ancj with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commbdt, id this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the Ad 4 Geo. *. authority of the fame. That an ad, made in the fourth year of for {panting* the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, (intituled, an allowance An ad for granting an allowance upon the exportation of Britifh-tfW* of	&MP0Wd*r'>) which was to continue in force for five years, fron>

madegun- x^e twenty-fourth day of June9 onethoufand fevenhundred and thirty-one, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which, bv feveral fubfequent ads, made in the tenth, fixteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-<irft years of his faidMajefty’s reign, and the fourth and twelfth years of his prefent Majefty's reign, was further continued until the twemy-mimh

■ ‘ ' '/v'

----A	**

powder,

Digitized by v^ooQle

1778.] Anno dechno oftavo'GEOft6irIII. C.45.	71

day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight,

and from thence to rhe end of the then next feffion of parlia- further conti-

ment, (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from nued till Sept.

the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day of September, a9* *7*5*etc*

one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to

the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

IL And be it further eriafted by theauthority aforefaid, That AftjGeo. ». an aft, made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majdty forencourag-King George the Second, (intituled. An a ft for further encouraging and regulating the manufacture of BrirFfh fail clotb% and fir the fnore Britifh fail rffiftual fecuring the duties now payable on foreign fail cloth imported cloth, into this kingdom J which was to continue in force from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty-fix, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which, by Several fubfequent afts, made in rhe thirteenth, twenty-fourrh, and thirty-tirft years of his faid Majefty’s reign, and the fourth amd twelfth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, was further Continued until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby further conjti-furrher continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty- nued till Sept, ninth day of September, one rhoufand feven hundred and eighty- *9» l7*s> ctc» five, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

III.	And be It farther enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Aft i*Gco. *. an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty granting a King George the Second, (intituled, An aft for granting a liberty bberrtyutoarg to carry fugarSi of the growth, produce, or manujafturti of any of from the fugar his Majejly's fugar colonies in America, from the faid colonies direftly colonies to?o-to foreign parts, in fbips built in Great Britain, and navigated ac- reign parts, cording to law,) which was to continue in force for five years,

from the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and which, by feveral fubfequent afts, made in the feventeenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-firft years of his faid Majefty’s reign, and the fourth and twelfth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, w*$ further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby further farther conti-continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth nued till Sept, day ol September 1 one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, *9*17851 elc* and from thence to the end of. the then next feffion of parliament.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afoifefaid, That pin of ait aft fo much of an aft, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of 19 Geo. «. for his late majefty King George the Second, (intituled. An aft for panHhingper-the further pvnifbmtnt of per tons going armed or difguifed^ in defiance armc?or^if-§f the laws of cUjioms or excije% and for indemnifying offenders againjl guifed, inde-tbofe laws, upon the terms therein mentioned; and for the relief ^fianceotcxcjfe

F 4	officers

Digitized by v^ooQle

.light fiWer coin, etc,

72	Anno	decimo	o&avo	Georgii III. c. 45. ^1778.

officers of the cufloms in informations upon feizures,) as relates to the ' further punilhment of perfons going armed or difgtiifed, in defiance of the laws of cuftoms or cxcife, and to the relief of officers of the cufloms in informations upon feizures, which was to * continue in’force for feven years, from the twenty-fourth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and forty* fix, and from \	thence	to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and

which, by feveral fubfequent afts, of the twenty* fixth and thirty-fecond years of the reign of his faid late Majefty, and the fourth and eleventh years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and leventy-eight, and from thence to further conti- the end of the then next feflion of parliament,(hall be, and the jiued till Sept fame is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, *6,1785,etc. until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, and from then'ce to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

Aft uGeo 1.	^	And be lt furlber enafted by the authority aforefaid. That

to prohibits he an aft, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent importation of Majefty, (intituled. An aft to prohibit the importation of light filvtr 1	^	coin*of	this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Iie-

land, and to refrain the tender thereof beyond a certain fumj which was to continue in force until the firft day of Afay, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which by another aft, made in the fixteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was continued until the firft day of May, one thoufand^feven hundred and feventy-eight, and from thence to the .end of the then next feflion ot parliament, (hall be, and the lame is hereby further continued, from the expii ation thereof, until the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, and fiom thence to the end of the then next feflion ot parliament.

V1. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, T^hit fo much of an gft, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his prefept Majefty, (intituled. An aft for allowing the clothing and accoutrements nccfjary for his Majcfly'sforces, paid out of his Maje-fly's revenues arijing in the kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the places cohere fuch forces are ordered to ferve\ and for granting a bounty upon flax feed imported into Ireland, for a limited time,) as relates to the granting a bounty upon flax-feed imported into Ireland for a limited time, which was to continue in force for two years from the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and leventy-fix, and from thence tp the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and alfo another aft, made in the fixteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, (intituled, An aft for granting a bounty upon flax feed ^ the growth of the United Provinces, or of the Auftrian Netherlands, imported into Ireland, for a limited time,) which was to continue in force for two years, from the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame are hereby further conti-

............... ‘	nued.

fprthrr conti-nued till May 1, 1783, cic.

Part of an aft 15 Geo. 3 relating to a bounty on flax-feed im-

rted into reland j

poi

Ire

and an aft of 16 Geo. 3. granting a (i-milar bounty.

further continued for two years.

Digitized by v^ooQle

73

1778.] Anno decimo odavo GRorgii III. C.45.

nued, from the expiration thereof, for the further term of two years, and froA thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament..

VII. And be it further enabled by the'authority aforefaid, Aft tGeo. «• That an ad, made in the third year of the reign of King George the Firft, (intituled, An aft for the better regulating of pilots for the ^t*, S conducting of Jbips and veffels from Dover, Deal, • and jthe Ifle of Thanet, up the rivers of Thames and Medway,) which was to continue in force for feven years, from the firft day of Auguflj one thoufand feven hundred and leventeen, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and alio a claufe ancj a claufe in in an ad of the feventh year of his faid Majefty’s rsign^jorfur- an a& of 7 ther regulating the pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Ifle of Thanet, Geo. i, which was to continue in force during the continuance of the faid ad of the third year of his faid Majefty’s reign ; which faid ad, together with the faid claufe, were, by feveral fublequent ads, of the tenth year of the reign of his (aid Maiefty, and of the eighth and twenty-third years of the reign of his late ma-jefty King George the Second, and the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, further continued until the twenty- fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion ot parliament, fhal! be, and the fame are hereby further continued, from further conti-the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth day of Marcby one nu«d all thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the March *5* end of the then next feflion of parliament.	,79*‘

VIII: And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Snmucbofan That fo much of an ad, made in thefixteenth year of the reign Ad of 16 Geo. of his prefent Majefty, (intituled, An aft for allowing the expor- Jhe e^portati-Jation ofcertain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to bis Majefly's on offbeat,** fugar colonies in America, and to the ifland of Saint Helena, and to etc. to the lu-the other fettlements belonging to the united company of merchants of £** colonies, England trading to the Eaft Indies, and of bijeuit and peas to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all perfons with refpeft to advifwg or carrying into execution bis Majefly's orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheat^ and other articles J as relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat and other articles to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America, which was to continue in force until the firft day of January, one {houfand feven hundred and feventy-feven; which, by another ad, made in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was revjved and continued until the twenty-fifth day of Marcb% one thou-iand feven hundred and feventy-eight, (hall, from and after the revived; and pafling of this ad, be revived, and the fame is hereby fevived, *° continue in and mall continue in full force and virtue, until the firft day of ^ **** May, one thoufand feven hundred aqd feventy-nine.	** *779#

/

CAP.

Digitized by

74

Preamble.

A a 3 Geo. x. recited.

Deeds and trills of pa-pills,etc. made lince Sept. *9. 1717,to be good in law, if inrolled before Jan. i, *779*

Anno decimo odfcavo Georgii III. c.46. [1778. CAP. XLVI.

An aft for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papijls, and for relief of protejlant pur chafers.

WH E R E A S by a chnife in an aft of parliament, faffed in the third year of the reign of bis late majrfty King George the Fir/?, intituled, An ad for explaining an ad, patted in the lad fellion of parliament, intituled. An aft to oblige papifls to regifter their names and teal eft ate s ; and for-enlarging the time for luch regrftering; and for fecuring purchafes made by proteftants; it was wafted, That, from and after tl>e twenty-ninth day of September, in the year of cur lord one tboufand feven hundred and feuenteen, no manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or any inter oft therein, or rent or profit thereout, fhould pafs, alter, or change, from any papift, nr perfon profeffing thepopijb religion, by any deed or will, txcept jucb deed, within fix months after the date, and futh will, within fix months after the death of the tpkttor, fhould be enrolled in one of the King's courts of Yeiordat Wcwminfter, dr etftwitbhnbe fame county or counties wherein the manors*, lands* and tenements lib, in fjucb manner as therein, for that parpofe, is particularly dirtfted: and whereas by fiyeral afts of parliament, made in the tenth year of his /aid late Majefiy's reign, and in the third, finth, ninth, eleventh, twelfth, fix-iunth, nineteenth, twenty-firfi, twenty-eighth, thirtyfirft, and thirty-third of his late majefty King George /far Second; and the focond, fourth, and feventh years of hts prefent Mayfly's reign, it was enaftedt That every deed and will, maitfince the twenty-ninth day of September, one tboufandfeven hundred •andfiventeen, in order to pafs, alters or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any in-terefi therein, or any rent or profit there out,from any papift, or perfon f rtf effing the popifh religion, to any frotejlcnt or proteftants, or by reafon of which deed or will any proteflant or proteftants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other intereft wbotfoeVer, to his, her, cr their ufe,for his, her, or their benefit, or to the ufe or benefit of any ether protejlant or proteftants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due tme,fhall be ns good and effeftuol in law as the fame would have been in cofe the faid deeds and wills had been tnr oiled within the times limited, by the faid claufes in the /aid afts, for the inrollment thereof \ provided the faid deeds and with fhould be inrolled on or before the refpeftive times in the faid fevtral afts for that ptirpofe rtten-noned, in fuch manner as by the faid claufe in the firft mentioned aft is direfted: be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every deed and will, made fince the twenty-ninth day of September, one tboufand feven hundred and feventeen, m order to pafs, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any intereft therein, or any rent or profit thereout, from any papift, or perfon profeffing the popifh religion, to any proteftant or proteftants, or by reafon of which deed or will any proteftant or proteftants

Digitized by

Google

1778.] Anno decimo o&avo Georgii III. o. 47,	75

tenants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other intereft whatsoever, to his, her, or their ufe, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the ufe or benefit of any other proteftant or proteftants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due time, fhall be as good s*nd effeftual in the law as the fame would have been in cafe the faid deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited, by the faid claufes in the laid a&s, for the inrollmen* thereof 5 provided the fame deeds and wills (Hall be inrolled on or before the fir.fi day of January, one thoofand feven hundred and feven-ty-nine, in foch manner as by the laid claufc in the faid firft-mentioned aft is drafted.

II.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall This aft not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to make good any fitch *?*?tendto deed, will, or Icafe, already made and not inrolled, of the want

of inroilment whereof advantage (hall have been taken on or whereof has before the fecond day of June* one thoofand feven hundred and been brought Seventy* feven; but every fuch deed, will, or leafe, (ball remain in queftion of fuch force and effeft only, as the fame would have had if this ^ef°re June *> act had never been made, and of none other force and efieft. l?7T*

III.	And whereas many purebafes made by protejiants may be in Purehafes

danger of being impeached or coded in quejlion, m regard Ante fme made by pm-deeds or wills, through which the title thereto is derived, ought to	to

have been inrolled according to the faid afls9 bat have not heenfo in-

rolled; be it therefore further enafted by the authority aforefaid, title-deeds wot

That no purchafe made for full and valuable confidcration of any having been

manors, meflTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of inrolled, etc.

any intereft therein, by any proteftant or proteftants, and merely

and onlv for the benefit of the proteftants, fhall be impeached

or avoided, for or by reafon that any deed or will, through which

the title thereto is derived, hath not been inrolled as required

by the faid ads, fo as po advantage was taken of inroilment

thereof before fuch purchafe Was made, and fo as no decree or

judgement hath been obtained for want of the mroUmeflt of fuch

deeds or wills.

IV.	Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained (hall ex- This ad not

tend, or be conftrued to extend, to make good any grant, leafe, to make good or mortgage, of theodvowfon or right of presentation, collation, fhe r^tof* nomination, or donation, of and to any benefice, ptebend, or prefentation ecclefiaftical living, fchool, hofpital, or donative, or any avoidance to any bene-thereof, made by any papift, or perfon profiling the popith <rt- fice»cftc*in ligion, in truft, direftly or iodiredly, mediately or immediately,	aily

by or for any foch papift, or perfon profefling the popifh refi- p 1

gion, whether fuch triift hath been declared by writing or not,

CAP. XLVII.

An aft to amend fiscb part of an aft, made in ikeforty- third par of the reign of Sjhuern Elifabeth, intudki9 An aft for the relief of the poor, as relates to the binding of par\/b apprentices.

WH E R E A S in and by an at!, Mbit in theforty- third year of preamye# the reign ofSfueen Elizabeth, intituled, An aft for the re- A« E.’; lief of the poorest was enafted* That it /bould he lawful for the iccitcd.

church•

Digitized by

Google

76	Anno	decimo	o&avo	Georgii	IIL C.48. [1778.

churchwardens and overfeers tier an mentioned,	the greater part of

them, by the affent of any two juflices of the peace, to bind the children of allfucb parents who Jhall not, by the faid churchwardens and over-. Jeers, or the greater part of them, be thought able to keep and maintain their children, to be apprentices, where they Jhall Jee convenient, till fucb n\an: child Jhall come to the age offour and twenty years, and fucb woman-child to the age of one and twenty years, or day of marriage : and whereas it has been found by experience\ that the faid term re* fpefling men- children is longer than is neajfary, and that if fuch man-child was bound to be on apprentice only till he came to the age of one and twenty years, all the benefits intended by the faid alt would be preferved, the hardflnps brought on fuch parijh apprentices, by the length of their apprenticejbip, would be avoided, and the good harmony between mafter and apprentice would be better maintained; may it therefore ple^fc your Majefty that it may be enatfed ; and be it enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice'and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this ad, when any man* child (hall be bound to be an apprentice by virtue of and under the authority of the faid ad, made in the forty-third year of to continue an Queen Elizabeth* fuch child (hall be bound to be an apprentice

No child apprenticed by virtue of the recited ad.

apprentice after the age

•f SI*

for no longer term than till fuch child (hail come to the age of twenty-one years. •

CAP. XLVIII.

An ad for impowering the mayor, aldermen, and commons^ of the city of London, in common council aflembled. to raife, upon the credit Qt the furplufTes to anfe out of a certain fund, commonly called the orphans fund, the fum of forty thoufand pounds, towards difeharging the debt incurred in rebuilding the gaol ot Newgate, and a feflions-houfe adjoining, and for comp eting the laid gaol, aod building an infirmary thereto $ and other the purpofes therein mentioned.

Preamble. Recital of ads 5 and 6 Gul. & Mar. si Geo. s. *9 Geo. s. and 7 Geo. 3. On July 5, 1766, 58,500k wanted to complete Black-friars bridge, etc. 7,500k for embanking the Thames} 30,000k for redeeming the tolls of London bridge} 50,000!. for building Newgate} and 10,000k for repairing the Royal Exchange. Recital of the powers granted to the corporation of London by the Ad of 7 Geo. 3. 156,000k to be borrowed, at 3I.10S. percent, per ann. for the purpoles before-mentioned. 'The fund eftabllfhed by ad 5 & 6 Gul. & Mar. charged with the payment of monies thentofore borrowed, and alfo the faid ium of 156,000k And to render the faid fund fufficient to pay off the faid debts, the duty of 6d. per chaldron on coals and culm was further continued for 46 years, etc. The order in which the different payments were to be made out of the fund. How the furplufTes were to be difpofed of. Court of aldermen were to give fix months notice of their intention to pay the refpedive fums borrowed, or to redeem the annuities, etc.. In cafe of any deficiency in the faid fund, the fame to be fupplied out of the chamber of London. Recital of the pfogrefs made in building a new gaol, and the expence thereof. An infirmary wanted. Common councilimpowered to complete the new gaol, and to build an infirmary adjoining thereto} <*nd for that purpofe to raife 40,000k upon the orphans fund. Contributors to be intituled to redeemable annuities at 4k 10s. per cent, per ann. Common council to give bonds for fuch annuities, aflignable by indorfement. The annuities to be charged on the orphans fund. Surplufles of the faid fund how to be applied. Upon fix months notice of redemption .of annuities,

and

Digitized by v^ooQle

177.8.] Anno decimo oftavD Georgii III. c. 49—51.

and tender of the money, the annuities to ceafe ; but the principal to be Bill payable. Deficiencies in payment of intereft, to be fupplied oat of the chamber of London. The 4.0,000!. to be applicable only for the purpofes of this aft * The furplus (if any) to be applied to increafe the fund* Chamberlain to keep accounts of receipts and difburfements. Common council impowered to appoint officers; and allow them falaries. Officers concerned in the receipt of money to give lecurity. Penalty on officers milapplying any of the laid monies. City anfwerable in cafe of any mif-application by them. Amerciaments, etc. againft the city .to be applicable to the ufes of this aft, and not to be difchaiged, etc. Dilburfements of the 4.0,0001. to be included in the chamberlain’s annual account. Bonds, etc. not liable to any duty. Taislift not to aff;ft any of the pity’s prefen t creditors Pri(oners may he removed. Limitation of afttons. General iffue. Treble colls. Public aft.

CAP. XLIX.

An aft for applying the fiira of one thoufand pounds, to arife out of the furplufTes of a certain fund commonly called the Orphans Fund, for the purpofe of opening communications between Wapping Greet and ftat-cl*fF-highway, and between old Gravel lane and Virginia-ffreet, within the panfhes of Saint George and Saint Jjhn of Wapping, in the county ofMiddlefex.

Preamble. Recital of 17 Geo. 3. c. and aft 5 Sc 6 Gul. & Mar. City of London to pay 4.5I. per annum to the treai'urer of the commiflioners under the firff recited aft. Bonds to be given for fecuring the payment of the annuity, and delivered to tbe treafurer. Bonds to be numbered, and may be fold. Application of the money arifmg by fuch fale. Holders of bonds may bring aftions thereon. Annuities to be redeemable by the city on fix months notice. Orphans fund charged with the annuities. Pub-lick aft.

C A P. L.

An aft for applying the fum of one thoufand five hundred pounds, to arife , out of the furpluflfes of a certain fund, commonly called the Orphans ' Fund, for the purpofe of widening certain avenues leading into Good-mag's Fields, in the county of Middlefex.

Preamble. Aft 5 & 6 Gul. & Mar. recited. City of Losdon to pay an annuity of 671.10s. to the commiflioners; and fur that purpofe to iflite bonds under their common teal. Value and condition of the bonds. Bonds to be be numbered, and may be fold. Application of the money arifing from fale thereof. Annuities to he redeemable by the city on fix months notice. The orphans fund charged with the payment of the annuities. Pcrfons advancing money to pay expenccs of this a&, to be allowed intereft for the fame. Publick aft.

CAP. LI.

An aft .for applying the fum of four thoufand pounds, to arife out of the furpluflesof a certain fund, commonly called the Orphans Fund, towards completing the paving of the town and borough of Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the county of Surrey.

Preamble. Recital of aft 6 Geor 3. and aft 5 & 6 Gul. & Mar. City of London to pay an annuity of 180I. to the commiflioners under the firff recited aft; and for that purpofe to lflue bonds under their common Teal* Value and condition of the bonds. Bonds ro be numbered, and aflignable by indorfement. Application of money arifing from the bonds, Annu* lties to be redeemable by the city on fix months notice. The orphans fund charged with the payment of the annuities. Intereft of 4I. 101. per cent, to be allowed lor money advanced to pay the cxpeuces of this aft* Fublick aft.

CAP.

r

Digitized by v^ooQle

Preamble.

Alphabetical l»ft* to be made out of prifo«er$ in cullody for d<-hr on Jan.

»7?*» or li<ice that date.

with the time whencbarged, and at whole fuit.

Lifts to be delivered to the

2uartcr fef-ons.

Warden of the Fleet, etc to take an oath on delivering in lifts*

Anno decimo o&avo Georgii HI. C. 52. f 177^ CAP. LII.

An aft for the relief of infolvent debtors; and for the relief of bankrupts in certain cafes.

WHEREAS many perfons9 by Ioffes and fther misfortunes* are rendered incapable of paying tbeir whole debts; and though they are willing to make the utmofl falisfaftion they tan, (and many of them are able to Jerve his Majcjly by fea or land), yet are they detained in prifon by their creditors* or have been forced to go into foreign parts out of this realm: and whereas Juch unhappy debtors have always been deemed the proper cbjefts of publick companion, and, by feveral afts of parliament, have beeh difeharged on the conditions in Juch afts mentioned; for the relief, therefore, of infoivent prifoners and fugitives, who Jball comply with the ter mi contained in this aft, to be refpeftively obferved by them, and faithfully difeover upon oath* and deliver up and affign all their effefts and efiates wbatjoever, for the benefit of their creditors, and to prevent* as far as pojfible, the many frauds and ahufes, which in a great meafure, have objlrufted the good ends of fuch afts; be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, ia this prefent parliament , aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the patting of this adi, all and every gaoler or keeper of any prifon, in any county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, (hall, is and are hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect lift, alphabetically, of the nangp or names of all and every perfon or perfons, who, upon the twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, was or were, or at any time fince havie been, under the terms and conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every fuch lift (hall be, really an adtual pri-foner or prifoners, in the cuftody of any gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of any prifon refpedtively, upon any procefs whatfo-ever, foe or by reafon of any debt, damage, cofts, futn or Turns of money, contempt, or otherwife; and an account of the time when fuch prifoner or prifoners was or were respectively charged in cuftody, or received in prifon, together with the name or names of the perfon or perfons at whofe fuit or profecution fuch prifoner or prifoners is or are detained; and (hall deliver the fame to the juftices of the peace, at their firft or fecond general quarter feftion or general fefiion of the peace, to be held after the paHing of this adt, or at fome adjournment thereof, for fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, refpec-tively.

II. And be it further enadted, That the warden of his Ma-jefty’s prifon of the Fleet, and marihal of the King's Bench Prifon* (hall feverally, on the delivering in of any fuch lift of prifoners in their refpe&ive cuftody, take an oath, in the open court of fuch general quarter feflion of the peace, or at fome adjournment thereof, to the effedt following * (that is to fay:)

a	I

Digitized by v^-ooQle

1778.] Anno decimo oflavo Georgii III. c. 52.

79

1A. B. upon my corporal oath, in the prefence of Almighty God, do The oath.

folemnly fwear, profefs, and declare, That all and every perfon and perfons, whofe name or names is or are inferred and contained in the firfl part of the lift by me now delivered in and Jubfcribed, was and were, to the bejl of my knowledge and belief upon the twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, really and truly prifoners in afluol cuftody, in the prifon or gaol of [infert the name of the prifon], at the fuit or fuits of the feveral perfon or perfons therein refpeflively mentioned ; and alfo, that all and every perfon and perfons, whofe name or names is or are inferted or contained in the fccondpart of the fa'td life now by me delivered in and fubftribed as afore faid, have, fence the faid twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, been com-mitted or furrendered to the faid gaol or prifon of [infert the name of the gaol or prifon], at the fuit or fuits of the feveral perfon or perfons therein refpeflively mentioned; except fuch perfon or perfons who is or are in Juch lijl particularly mentioned and deferibed to have died, hen difharged, dr removed to fome other prifon, by procefs of law, fence the faid twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight; and alfo except Juch perfon or perfons who is or are in fetch I ft particularly mentioned and deferred to have been permitted to have gone out of the faid prifon, by day-rules of the court of [Common Pleas, or King's Bench, as the cafe (hall be] fence the faid twenty-eighth day of January, one thou• fandfeven hundred and feventy-eight, to tranjafl their affairs \ and alfo except fucb perfon or perfons who is or are therein alfo particularly mentioned and dgferibed to have, upon the faid twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, or fence, been in the rules of the faid prifon of the [Fleet, or King’s Bench, as the cafe (hall be,] by leave of [the warden or marjhal of the faid prifon, as the cafe (hall be] j and have, to the be ft of my knowledge and belief, really and truly, ever fence, continued and remained in aflual cuftody in the faid prifon of the [Fleet, or King's Bench, as the cafe (hall be], or the liberties thereof, at the fuit or fuits of the feveral perfons in the faid lift refpefitvely mentioned \ [and if any prifoner or prisoners hath or have* fince the faid twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, efcaped out of either of the faid prifons, then infert], except [infert the name or names of the prifoner or prifoners who have efcaped], who, without my knowledge, privity, or confent, bath or have efcaped out of the faid pr 'tfen of

and that the faid lift is a true, exafl, perfect, and juft life of all fuch ' perfons who were really and truly prifoners in aflual cuftody in the faid gaol or prifon of

on the faid twenty-eight day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and who, fence the faid twenty-eighth day of January, or\e thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, have been committed to, and really have been, and now is or are, prifoner or prifon-ets, in o ftual cuftody, in the faid gaol or prifon of or the liberties thereof • and that none of fuch prifoners, to my know-

Udge,

8o

AH other gaolers, on «W»»ering in their litti, to take the following

Oath.

Anno dccimo o£Uvo Georcii III. C.52. [1778,-

ledge, or with'my privity, have voluntarily, or with defign, or in ex-peftalion, to take any benefit from or under any aft of parliament to be made for relief of infolvent debtors, furrendered eh emfelves,.or been, committed to the faid prifen, or got their names entered as prifoners in the books of the faid prifon, or ftnee thejaid twenty eighth day of January, one. ihoufand fiven hundred and feventy-eight, to my know-ledge, or with my privity, have refided out of the Jaid prifon of

or the rules thereof [but if any have fo done, add, * except	naming fuch by name].

And that every other gaoler and keeper of any other prifon or prifons, in any county, city, town, riding, divifion, place, or liberty, (hall fevcrally, on the delivering in of any fuch lift re-fpedlively, take an oath in the open court of the general quarter feflion or general feflion of the county, city, town, divifion, liberty, or place, for which he or (he (ball deliver in any fuch lift, and fwear to the effedl following; (that is to fay ):

I A. B. upon my corporal oath, in the prefence of Almighty God, do fdemnly fwear, profefs, and declare, That all and every perfon and perjons, whofe name or names are inferted or contained in the firjl part of the lift by me now delivered in and fubferibed, was and were, to the be ft of my knowledge and belief, upon the twenty eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, really and truly prifoners in a dual cuftody, in the prifon or gaol of at the fuit or fuits of the feveral perjons therein refpeftively mention-ed; and alfo that all and every per fan and perfons, whofe name or names is or are inferted or contained in the fecond part of the jaid lift now by me delivered in and fubferibed, as aforefaid, have, Jtnce the faid twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight, been committed or furrendered to the faid gaol or prifon of	[if any fuch pri/oneror prifoners.hath

or have, fince the faid twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feveft hundred and feventy-eight, been committed or furrendered to fuch gaol or prifon], at the fuit or fuits of the fevetal perfon or perfons therein refpeftively mentioned, except [if any exception is neceflary] fuch perfons as are therein particulary men-tioned and deferibed to have died, been difcharged,’or removed to fomc other prijon by procefs of law, or to have efcaped out of Juch prifon% without my privity, knowledge, or corfent, ftnee the /aid twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight; and that all and every of them, whofe name and names is and are conjained in the firjl part of the faid lift (exceft as before excepted) tb the bejl of my knowledge and belief, have really and truly continued in aftual cuftody in the Jaid gaol or prifon of

ever fince the faid twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and that the faid lift is a true, exaft, perfect, and juft lift of all fuch perfons as were really and truly prifoners in aftual cuftody, tn the faid gaol or prifon of on the Jaid twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and who fince the faid twenty-eighth day cf January,

Digitized by *^.ooQle

81

*778.] Atino deCimo oftavo GfeokGit III. C,£2.

huary, one thoUfand feven hundred and feventy-eight, have been realty and truly committed, or furrehderid to the f'aid gaol or prifon of

(except as before excepted) to the be/l of fny knowledge and belief \ and that none of [uch prifoners, to m% knowledge, or with my privity, have Voluntarily, or with defign, or in expectation, to take any benefit front or under any aft of parliament to be made for relief of infolvent debtors, furrendered or been committed to the faid prifin of	.

tr got his, her, or their name or names entered as prifoner or prifoners in the books of the faid prifon, or fence their commitment, have to my knowledge, or tviib my privity, refided out of the faid prifon of

[if any have fo done, then add, txcept	inferting	their names.]

Which faid fefpetfive baths the faid juftices, at theiirft or fecond Oithi to b* general quarter feflion or general feflion aforefaid, or at fome adjournment thereof, within their refpe<ftive jurifdi&iofis, arfc j/ coart! CC* hereby* impowered and required to adminifter in open court: and the words of the faid oath herein-before directed to be taken an<] entered A by the faid warden and mar(hal refpe<ftively (hall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the lift which fhall be delivered Qf the lifts. * in by them refpedlively, and (hall be fubferibed and fworn to by them refpedtively in open court \ and the words of the oath to be taken by every fuch gaoler or keeper refpedively fhall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the lift which fhall be delivered by them refpe&ively, and fhall be fubferibed and fworn ^ to by them refpe&ively in open court: and every fuch lift which by tW (hall be fo delivered in, fubferibed, and fworn to, in purfuance clerk of tbd of this ad, (hall be kept by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or peace, other officer ading as clerk of the peace of every fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty rcljpedively, in Which any fuch lift as aforefaid fhall be fworn to, for the better fatisfadion of the faid juftices, and information of all of any prifoner ot prifoners therein named; and fo as the fame may, from time to time, be feen and examined by any creditor or creditors of prifoner or prifoners, without fee or reward; .

lit. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Thre£c6£fc* That all and every gaoler and gaolers* and keeper of any gaol *>f lift* to&c Or prifon, is and are hereby required, ten days at lead before the firft of fecond general quarter feflion or general feflion of the pnUM>* peace (hall be held, after the pafling of this ad, for the county, tiding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty* in which any gaol *

Or prifon (hall be, or to which the fame belong, to fix up in fome tonfpicuous place* of places in every fuch prifon, arid at the mod frequented and ufual gate, door, or entrance, into every fuch prifon, three or ntore true copies of the lift or lifts propofed or intended to be delivered in by any fuch gaoler or keeper at tbd laid general quarter fefllons, or at fome adjournment thereof.

IV. And be it further enaded. That all and every perfdn and Pcrfbht in* perfons, whofe name or names (hall be inferred in any fuch lift [^ei-n tb* to be delivered in as aforefaid, who, upon the (aid iwcnty-cighth pnfoner*

YQLi XXXIL	Q day without s

Digitized by booQle

fraudulent intention, on Jan.»8,i77»>

and conforming to this aft, (hall he difeharged.

Perfons arreft-cd for debt, and held to bail, on or before Jan. 10,

1778, forren-dering them-felves on or

Ding thiVaft, (hall be difeharged

$2	Anno decimo oft?ro	III.	C.52.	[1778*

day of January, one thoufand (even uMn-hcd and feventy-eight, were really and truly prifoners in the ado a! cuftody of any gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any prifon rcfpeftively of this kingdom, and did not come into or get his, her, or their names entered in the book of any gaol or prifon as a prifoner or prifoners there, with a view or defign to take the benefit of fome aft for relief of inlolvcnt debtors, and who (hall take the oath herein after mentioned, and fhall perform, on h:$ or her part, what is required to be done by h.m or her by this aft, (hall be for ever releafed and difeharged from his or her imprifonment, in fuch manner as hereafter is provided.

V.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That any perfon or perfons who (hall have been arrefted and in aftual cuftodyof an officer, for any fum or fums of money by virtue of any writ or procefs, i(Tiling out of any court of record, and held to bail thereon, and which bail (hall be upon record, on or before the tenth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and what (hall have, on or before the twelfth day of February%

8 and con- Qncth°u,and feven hundred and feyenty-eight, furrendered him, forming to her, or themfelve$, in difeharge of his, her, pr their bail, and (hall thereupon have been committed to prifon, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall, upon due proof of the preinifes upon oath, be difeharged from his, her, or their imprifonment, in like 'ttianner as if fuch perfon or perfons had been aftually in prifon pn the twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-eight, fubjeft, jieverthelefs, to the fame re-ftriftiops and provifions, and a compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifications, herein-before impqfed upon perfons aftually in cuftody on the twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and alfo fubjeft to the fame terms and conditions relating to the eftate and effefts of every fuch prifoner as aforefaid,

VI.	And be. it further enafted. That it (hall apd may be lawful for anyjuftice or juftices of the peace of any county, riding, divifion, city^town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, uppn the petition of any fuch prifoner or prifoners to anyjuftice or juftices of the peace, within his or their refpeftive jurifdiftions, upon every fuch prifoner or prifoners, fo petitioning, and, at the time of his or her fo petitioning, leaving with the juftice or juftices of the peace who fhall be fo petitioned, a true copy of the

* fchcdule, containing iiis or her intended difcovery of his or her real and perfonal eftate, to be fworn to at the firft.or fecond general quarter fefiion next enfuing after every fuch petition, or may ilTue their fome adjournment thereof, by warrant under his hand and (cal, warrant for or the;r |^nd$ and feals, to require the (heriff or fheriffs, gaoler tcTttSmiamr or ga°lers> or keeper of any fuch prifon within the jurifdiftion feflions, etc. of any fuch juftice or juftices, touring before the juftices, at the firft or fecond next general quarter fellion or general fefllon of the peace, or any adjournment thereof to be held, as the cafe (ball happen to be, next after the expiration of ten days froqi Jthe'dute of fuch warrant, Tor lucli refpeftive county, riding, di-*	%	vilion.

Juftices, on petition of any prifoner, ^nd his.deli-vertag a fche etiile ot his eftate.

with the war-unt jof his detainer, etc.

Digitized by booQle

*778.] Anno decimo octavo GeorgIi IlL C.52.	Si

Vifion, city, town, place, or liberty, the body of any perfon being in the faid prifon as aforefaid, with the warrant or warrants of his or her detainer, together with a copy or copies of the caule or caufes which he, (he, or they, is or are charged with in any fuch gaol or prifon as aforefaid, at the time aforefaid; for which copy or copies of caufe or caufes, fuch prifoner (hall apply to the faid gaoler or keeper of fitch prifon, or to the clerk of the papers, or other perfon who fhall make out and tranferibe the fame, at leaft fix days before the.time of his or her difeharge ; and fuch prifoner fhall pay for the fame the fum of two (hillings, and no more, for making out, tranferibing, and frgning the fame 5 Vrbich warrant of every fuch juftice or juftices, every fuch (heriff / x and (heriffs, gaoler or keeper, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VII. And be it alfo enadled, That the copy of every fchedule Schedule of which (hall be left with any fuch juftice or juftices, (hall, within the prhoner'i ten days after the fame fhall be fo left, be tranfmitted by the cl*atj: l.ob^ juftice or juftices, with whom the fame (hall be fo left, to the [h^cierk of ^ clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace; * * the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, in which the fame (hall have been fo left, there to remain and be infpedied, from time to time, asoccafion (hall re*- forinfpettiort quire, by any creditor of any fuch prifoner who (hall defire to or creditor*, inf A the feme.

P And be it alfo ena&ed, That every fuch juftice ot Any juftice# • juftices who (hall refufe or omit, for the fpace of ten days, to omitting foe tranfmit the copy of the fchedule, fo left with him as aforefaid, ten day* to to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer atfting as clerk of the peace, for the county, riding, divifion, city, town; ichedulefo place, or liberty, in which thefame (hall have been fo left, (hall# the cleifc of ' for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds\ the peace, tt& which mall anti may be fued for and recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejirfiinjier, by action of debt, to* gether with cofts of fuit, in the name of any perfon who (hall profccute for the fame; and one moiety of which money forfeit* cd (hall, when recovered, go to the party who profecutes for the	•	‘	''

fame, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the pariftl in which the offence fhall be committed.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That all and every prifoner Prifoner* irf. and prifoners, who fhall intend to petition to be difeharged uh* tending to pe-der this act, as aforefaid, (hall firft caufe publick notice to be JtfchargVane inferted in three feveral London Gazettes, previous to fuch gene- to giv* prevl-ral quarter’feffion*or general feffion, or the adjournment thereof# ous notice ' at which the faid prifoner or prifoners fhall apply to be difeharged	hi<b#

from any gaol m London, or within the weekly bills of mortality;	#l€-

and if fuch prifoner fhall be in cuftody in any gaol out of Lon-	;

don, or the weekly bills of mortality, then alfo in fpme newfyaper# • • which fhall be publrfhed in of near the county, xidirtgi divifion# city, town, liberty, or place, in the gaol .whereof he or fhe (hall be fo in cuftody; containing the nameV'trtfde, and occupation, and two laft places of abode, if fb many, of every fuch prifoper and prifoners, and 'the prifon vWierein be* fhe, dr they, is.or aw

C 2

con-

84

to be ipferted.

Printer of Gazette to Jceepan alpha bet tea] lilt, etc.

Anno decimo oftavo Georgii III. c.52. [1778.

confined, and of his, her, or their intention to take the benefit of this aft; and mentioning fuch notice in each Gazette or newfpaper, to be the firft, fecond, orihird notice, according to *d. to be paid the time of publiftiing each of fuch notices; and for the inferting each time for Gf each of which faid feveral notices in the faid Gazette, or in t?ces!mS n°" any other newfpaper, there (hall be paid, each time, by every fuch prifoner, two-pence, and no more: the firft of which faid notices (hall be fo inferted in the faid Gazette, or in the faid other newfpapers, as the cafe may require, twenty-one days at leaft, and the laft of the faid notices fix days at leaft before any fuch firft or fecond general quarter fefiion, or general fefiion, or adjournment thereof, (hall be held as aforefaid; fo that as well all the creditors who have not charged the faid prifoner or prifoners in cuftody, as thofe creditors who have charged fuch prifoner or prifoners in execution, or on mefne proccfs, or otherwife, may have fufficient notice thereof; and the printer of fuch Gazette is hereby required to keep a book, and enter therein an alphabetical lift of the names of prifoners advertifing and intending to take the benefit of this aft, and the names of the different prifons in which they are confined.

X. Andy to the intent that all creditors may have full and fuf* ficient time to confider the matters and things contained in the fchedule or fchedules intended to be delivered in by any debtor or debtorSy be it Every debtor further enafted, That every fuch debtor, when he or (he (hall I11Crfh* {^cording to the directions of this act) publilh the firft notice efta'te to the an intention to petition for his or her difeharge, be or (he (hall*

fader, and to in fuch notice, declare, that the fchedule, containing his or her eclare the intended difeovery of his or her real and pcrfonal eftate, (to be ^worn t0 *n manncr as by this aft directed) is lodged in the hands of the gaoler or keeper, or the deputy of fuch gaoler or keeper, of the prifon wherein any fuch prifoner (hall be confined; and every fuch prifoner is hereby directed and required to deliver fuch fchedule to fuch gaoler, keeper, or deputy, as the cafe may be, before he (hall publifh fuch firft notice *s aforefaid, figned by his or her own chriftian and furname; to be attefted by any fuch gaoler, keeper, or deputy ; and

backto prifon. *n ca^c any Pr*^oncr ft*aU »eglcft or refufe to deliver one fuch pr * fchedule to fuch gaoler, keeper, or deputy, prior to fuch his firft notice, to be given as aforefaid, he or (he, upon due proof made of fuch neglect to the fatisfaftion of the court to which fuch prifoner (hall make application for his difeharge, (hall be remanded back to prifon, there to remain till he or (he (hall have complied with the directions aforefaid: and every fuch gaoler, keeper, or deputy, is hereby directed and required to atteft the fignature of the prifoner’s name to fuch fchedule, and to receive gTvehimVdu- the fame into his cuftody and charge, giving a duplicate thereof plicate there, to every fuch prifoner, with an acknowledgement of his having received the original; and he is hereby further required to de-and alfo to liver a true copy of any fuch fchedule, figned by himfelf,. upon any*fred&or° requcft made to him by any creditor for that purpofe, in writ-*ho requefts fuch copy to be delivered to the creditor himfelf, or to tt.	fuch perfon as he (hall appoipt to receive the lame, within three

days

notice, etc.

On negteft thereof, to be

Gaoler to’at-tett tne prisoner's fignature to his fchedule, and

Digitized by L,ooQle

Tjji.] Anno decimo oltavo GeoRGH III. c. 52.	85

<fays after demand made, on payment for each fchedule after the rate of fixpence per (heet, each (heet to .contain feventy-two words; and fo in proportion for any Jefs number of words; and in cafe fuch creditor (hall, only fearch or examine fuch fchedule, then fuch creditors (hall pay for every fuch fearch and examination the fum of one (hilling: and if any fuch Gaoler, etc. gaoler, keeper, or deputy, (hall neglelf or refufe to conform t0 fo teit 10j* the directions hereby given him refpelling fuch fchedule, every or C1 ao * fuch gaoler, keeper, or deputy, fo offending, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, to any perfon who (hail fue for and recover the lame, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at fVefitmnJler* by action of debt.

XI. And be it further enabled. That the notices to be given by every prifoner, in manner directed by this alt, (hall be to the effect following; viz.

I	[infert	the	name,	trade,	occupation,

* and two Jaft places of abode, if fo many] new confined in *oncr 1 not*ce#

finfert the name of the prifon and county,] do hereby give this puftick notice, being [infert the firft* fe-cbnd* or third* as the cafe may be,] that I do intend to take the benefit of an afl* pojfed in the eighteenth year of his prefent Majefifs reign* (intituled* An alt for the relief of infolvent debtors; and for the relief of bankrupts, in certain cafes); [and if it be the firft notice, then add] and I do hereby give notice, that a true and perfeB fchedule, containing a difeovery of all my real and per final eflate% hereafter to be fworn to* is now ready to be delivered to any creditor applying for the fame, in manner aforefaid, to the, gaoler or keeper, or his deputy, of	[infert	the name

of the prifon wherein fuch prifoner (hall be confined, and the county in which it is fituate:]

And every fuch notice (hall be figned by the prifoner, and Notice to be counterfigned by the gaoler or keeper, or deputy of fuch gaoler hy t,,# or keeper, of the prifon wherein fuch prifoner (hall be confined. pn oner*ctc* XII, And be it further enalted, Thar every fuch prifoner as Prifonerbeing aforefaid, who, in purfuance of any fuch wariant as aforefaid,

(hall be brought to the general quarter feflion, or any adjourn- publication of , ment thereof (hall, in cafe it (hall be proved upon oath, or by notice* prpv*

' producing the faid thfee Gazettes and newfpapers before men- ed, etc. tioned to the faid juftices, at any fuch feflion, or the adjournment thereof, that fuch notices were inferted in the London Gazette, and other newfpapers, were required, in manner as hereinbefore is direlied, and that the perfon or perfons fo petitioning was or were actually a prifoner or prifoners on the faid twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-cight, or fince, in the gaol or prifon in which his, her, or their name or names is or a re fpecified in the lid of prifoners there delivered in at any fuch firft or fecond feflion, or any adjourn-ment thereof, as aforefaid, in purfuance of this all, (hall, in open ^hcduleof1 * Court, at the laid general quarter feflion, or general feflion, or his eftatCt * •	G	3	any	debts, etc

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo o&avo Georgii III. c.52,	[1778*

any adjournment thereof, fubfcribe and deliver in a true fcha-dule or account of all his or her real eftate, either in poffeffion, reverfion, remainder, or expectancy; and alfo of the whole of his or her perfonal eftate, which he or (he, or any perfon or perfons in truft for him or her, or for his or her ufe, benefit, or advantage, is or are feifed of, interefted in, or intitled to, or was or were in his or her poffeffion, at any time fince his or her commitment to prifpn, with the names of his or her feveral debtors, and where they refpeClively Jive, or may be met with; and the feveral fums of money from them refpeCtively owing, and how the fame refpedtively became due, ^nd are fecured $ and if by mortgage, fpecialty, contract, note, or other writing, then the name and names and places of abode of the feveral witneffes who can prove fuch debts or contracts, (if there be any fuch), and (hall alfo make oath &nd fwear to the effect following; (that is to fay:)

Prt (oner's T* A. B. upon my corporal oath, in the prefence of Almighty GoJ\ oath on deli- J[ do felemnly fwear, protejl% and declare, That On the twenty-eighth fchedule*1 ^ °f January* one tboufand feven kindred and feventy*eight, 1 was C c u e* a prifoner, or elfe [as the cafe may be*] that fince the faid twenty-' eighth day of January, one thou fond feven hundred and fiventy- eighty LhavefurretidereJy or have been committed to the prifon of in diffharge of my daily or for want of daily [as the cafe (hall be] ; and that I was actually arrejledy and in the cujlody of an officery before the faid twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fevenly-eighty in the attion or fuit9 aflions or fuitsy in which I furrendered> or was committed as aforefaidy to the Jaid gaol or prifon of	and	that	I	have9	ever fince my Jaid

furrender or commitment, continued a prifoner ivithin the prifon of in the aflual cujlody oj the gaoler or keeper of the faid prifon of	or	within the liberties

■’ •'	thereofy	at the fuit of	and	without any

' fraud or collision wbatfoever; and that the Jchedule now delivered by mty and fubjeribedy doth contain y to the be ft of my knowledge, remembrance, and belief y a fully jufly truly and per fed account and difeovery of all the goodsy effeftSy and eflatesy real and perfonaly either in pof-Jefficn, reverfiony remainder, or expeflancyy which /, or any perfon in trujl for me9 or for my benefit or advantagey are feij'ed or poffejfed of interejled /», or intitled toy or was or were in my pojfejfion at any time Jince my commitment to prifon; and of all debts as are to me owing, or to any perfon or perfons in truft for me \ and of all the fe curt tiej and contrails whereby any money now i$s or willy or may hereafter become payabUy or any benefit or advantage may accrue to mty or to my ufey or to any perfon or perfons in truft for me \ and the names and places of abode of the feveral perfons from whom fuch debts are due and owing ; and of the witneffes that can prove fuch debts or contracts, [if any fucli there be] ; and that neither /, nor any ether perfon or perfons in trujl for mey or for my ufe, have any lands, moneyyjlocky or any eftatex peal or perfonaly in pojfejfmy reverfiony or remainder, or expectancy % other than what are in the faid fchedule contained\ except wearing ap-• ............... o	fiat

\

Digitized by

Google

1778-] Aooo decimooflavaGEORGJi IIL c. 52-

partly and bedding for myfelf and family, working tools, and ncccffary* implements for my occupation and calling, together with a fumKof money not exceeding forty fillings, and thefe in the whole net exceeding tbi value of twenty pounds ; and that 1 have not, nor any body for me bath, directly or indirectly, fold, Icjfcned, or othenvife conveyed, aifpofed of in truji, or concealed, all or any part of my lands, money , goods, chattels,flock, debts,fecurities, contracts, or ef.ate, real ir per fond, whereby to fecure the fame, or to receive or cxpeCt any profit or advantage thereof, or with intent to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors to whom I am or was indebted in any-wife bowfoever.

So help me GOD.

And the faid fchedule and oath fhafl be, by every fuch prifoner. Schedule and ' fubferibed In the prefence pf the juftices in open feflion of the oath to be Tub-peace, as hereby is directed, and (hall be kept by, and remain feribedin the with, the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting {^ged^ith as clerk of the peace, for the county, city, liberty, divifion, town, the clerk Tor or place, where the fame (hall be fubferibed and taken, for the the examina-better information of all the creditors of luc!) prifoner who (hall t,on of credi-defire, or may have occafion, to refort thereto; and every fuch tor8, creditor (hall be at liberty, at feafonable times in the day -time* to perufe and examine the fame.

XIIL And be it further enafled. That the juftices within court.at the' their refpedtive jurisdictions, at any fuch general quarter feflion, rcqufli of a or general feflion, or adjournment thereof, at the requeft of any creditor, rpay creditor or creditors of any fuch prifoner, are hereby authori&d examine gaol-to.caufe the deputy warden and marfha! of the Fleet and King's o^tC* -ri Bench prifon, and any other under officer, tipftaff, and turnkey of any gaol or prifon, and any other perfon, tp come before them, and to examine them refpedtively on oath, touching any pf the matters contained in any of the oaths prescribed by this 36I to be taken, and the truth thereof; and if the oath which ThepriToner's (hall have been taken in open court by any prifoner or prifoner* oath not be (lull not be disproved by good teftimony of any credible per- coimYs'tJ fon or perfons on oath, and fuch juftices* or the major parr of diidwgehim, them, prefent at any fuch general quarter feflion, or general Teflion, (hall be fatisned with the truth of the oath taken by any fucb refpe&ive prifoner, then fuch juftices (hall, in fuch (elHon, or fome adjournment thereof, command the faid (heriff* or (he-riffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of fuch prifon or prifons, forthwith to fet at liberty fuch prifoper or prifoners, without having or taking any fee or reward, other than one (hil- on his paying ling for his or their attendance with every’ fuch prifoner at fuch afeeofis to general quarter feflion, or general feflion, or any adjourn- gaoler; meat thereof in order for his, her, or their difaharge; (and which every fuch (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of fuch prifon or prifons, is and are hereby autho/ifed to receive and take for every fuch order:) and every fuch order who (hall bt (hall be a fufficient difeharge to the (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or indemnified gaolers, or keeper of fuch prifon or prifons, and (hall indemnify f°r the cfcape.

G 4	hitn

tg	Anno	decimo oftavo Gborgii III. C.52. [i773«

him or them againft any efcape or efcapes, or aftion or a£lion$ whatsoever for efcape, which (hall or may be brought, commenced, or profecuted, againft him or them.

JSfttte tnd ef- XIV. And be it further cna&ed by tho authority aforefaid, fea»°t the That all the eftate, right, title, intereft, and truft, of fuch pri-Si8d?fch«wn f°nerJ of, in, and unto, all the real eftate, as well freehold and to be vetted jn copy, as cuftomaryhold, and to all the perfonal eftate, debts, the clerk of and eftedts, of every fuch prifpner, (hall, immediately after the the peace* dltcharge of any fuch prifoner, be, and the fame is hereby vefted >n the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting a$ clerk of the peace, of and for the county, riding, city, town cor* porate, divifjon, liberty, or place,where any fuch prifoner (hall be who it to make refpedlively difeharged; and every fuch clerk of the peace, town over the fame clerk, or other officer adling as clerk of the peace, is hereby di-to the aflig- refted and required to make an affighment and conveyance of every fuch prifoner’s eftate and e/Fedts, vefted in fuch clerk of •	the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk of thp

peace, as aforefaid, to fuch creditor or creditors of the faid prisoner, as the juftices at any general quarter feffion of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which (hall be held by them within their refpedtivejurifdidttons, (hall order and diredt, (which alignment and conveyance (hall be good and effe&ual in law, to all intents and purpoies whatfoever, without being wrote on 4	parchment	or paper ftamped) j and to veft the eftates thereby

affigned and conveyed in the party or parties to whom the fame (hall be fo affigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, according to the eftate and for which he intereft the prifoner had therein; and for the preparing, inwall be paid groffing, and executing of which affignment and conveyance, po clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adling as clerk ' of the peace, (hall take any greater fee than two (hillings; and every fuch affignment and conveyance (hall he in truft for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every fuch prifoner tp whom the fame (hall be made, and the reft of the creditors of fuch prifoner, in refpedl or in proportion to their refpedHve Affignees im- debts j and every perfon or perfons to whom any fuch affign-powertd to ment and conveyance as aforefaid (hall be made, is and are *uc*	hereby fully impowpred to fue, from time toVime, as there may

be occafion, in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and attaining any eftate or effedts of any fuch prifoner, or execute any anc* a^° e*ecule any truft or power vefted in, or created for truitorpower the ufe or benefit of, any fuch prifoner, but in truft for the be-for the pri- neiit of him or themfelves, and the reft of the creditors of every (oner, etc. fuCh prjfoner. and to giye difeharge and difeharges to any debtor Affignees to Pr debtors °f any fuch prifoner, as ftiall be requifite: and every get in the ef- fuch affignee or affignees (hall, with all convenient fpeed, after fea* of the his or their accepting any fuch affignment or conveyance, ufe F^w a. his and their heft endeavours to receive and get in the eftate ' c c* and effedis of every fuch prifoner j and (hall, with all convenient fpeed, make fale of all the eftates of fuch prifoner vefted fuch affignee or affignees j and if any fuch prifoner (hall be '	■	w	.	iptereftej|

Digitized by ^ooQle

1778.3 Anno deeimo o&avo Georgii III . c.5,2.	89	‘

interefted in, or entitled to, any real eftate, either in poflefliori, and to fell, reverfion, or expectancy, the fame, within the fpace of two w,th,jj flionths after every fuch aflignment and conveyance, (hall be IJIXneV’s real fold by publick audlion, in fuch manner, and at fuch place, as cltate, etc.

■jhe major part of the creditors of any fuch prifoner who (hall aflecnble together, on any notice in writing publifhed in the London GazotUy or in fome daily paper, if the prifoner before his going to gaol refided in London, or in the weekly bills of mortality, and if elfewhere, then in fome newfpaper which thall be publilhed in or near the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place, in which fuch prifoner dwelt before he or (he was committed to gaol, thirty days before any fuch fale (hall be made, (hall, under his hand, or their hands, agree on: and mi*e * every fuch aflignee or aflignees, at the end of three months at *7thin three fartheft from the time of his or their accepting any fuch aflign- months 1 ment or conveyance as aforefaid, (hall make a juft and fair dividend of all fuch prifoner’s eftate and cffetfs which (hall have been then recovered amongft his or her creditors, in proportion and in regard to each creditor's refpetfive debts; but before firftmaking any fuch dividend (ball be made, fuch aflignee or aflignees (hall up their ac-make up an account of fuch prifoner's eftate, and make oath in verifylnethem writing, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the upon oath, county, riding, divifion, town, liberty, or place, in which any fuch prifoner (hall have been difcharged, that every fuch account contains a juft and fair account of the eftate and effedls of every fuch prifoner got in by or for fuch aflignee or aflignees, and of all payments made in refpeft thereof, and that all payments in every fuch account charged were truly, and bona fide, made and paid; and notice of thetoaking of every fuch dividend (hall be 30 dayi[notice publifhed in like manner as a meeting of the creditors is herein- to given of before directed to be publifhed, thirty days at lead before the JJjdend** 1 feme (hall be made ; and no creditor mall be allowed to receive and none to pnv (hare of fuch dividend, until he (hall have made out the receive any juftnefs and identity of his refpeflive debt by oath, or due proof in writing, before fome fuch juftice or juftices : and if any creditor Loved* their of fuch prifoner (hall be diflatisfied with the reality or tairnefs of debts, any debt claimed by any other creditor, then the fame, at the Debts claimed requeft of any fuch creditor or creditors fo diflatisfied, (hall be *?* e*ai™n-examined into by the juftices of the county, riding, divifion, determined by pity, liberty, or place, in which fuch prifoner (hall have been the court, difcharged, at their next general quarter feflion, and what they (hall there determine in the premifes (hall be conclufive to all parties: and if, after payment of all fuch prifoner's creditors. Surplus of the there (hall any of his eftate and eflfe&s remain after payment of priioner’s ef-?11 reafbnahle charges, the fame (hall be paid to fuch prifoner; [q him, etc, his executors or adminiftrators,

XV. Andy to the intent that no lofs may arife to any creditor or freditors from any neglefl or omijfion in the fchedule not containing the tvhoJe of the eftatey real or perfonaly belonging to any prifoner who /ball apply for his or her difeharge, under the authority of this a fly be it Creditors not pna^ed, That all the .eftate, whether real or personal, which (hall ^y^ifnorT

belong fo jue (che-

Digitized by

Google

9°

dulc of pri-* foner’s ellatt.

Provifo.

On death or removal of any clerk of' the peace, etc. prifoners eftates to become veiled in their fuccef-fors.

No fuit in equity to be commenced, but by con-fent of majority in value of creditors

Clerk of the peace to exhibit to the creditor, or his attorney, on payment of is. the fchedule of any prifon-

Aonodecimo oflayo Georgii III. c„ 52* [n

belong to any prifoner or prifoners, and of which he, (he, or they, (hall be adlually poftefted at the time of making fuch fehe-dule, (hall be deemed and taken to be a part of.the eftate contained in fuch fchedule, though not inferted therein, and (hall. in like manner become vefted in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adling as fuch, to all intents and purpofeS* as if the fame had been contained in fuch fchedule, and had been delivered into the court according to the diredlions of this a#.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That no perfon holding any fecurity whatfoever, for which the infolvent never received any valuable confideration, (hall be imitled to receive any benefit from his eftate.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That in cafe of the death or removal of any clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adling as clerk of the peace, as aforefaid, in whom the eftate, right, title, intereft, or truft, of an}' prifoner or pri— fo'ners ,(hall have vefted by the authority of this adl; every fuch eftate, right, title, intereft, and truft, (hall become vefted in the fuccefior or fuccefiors to every fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adling as clerk of the peace, as aforefaid, refpedlively, as the cafe may be, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, under the provifions of this adl.

XVIII.	Provided further, and be it alfo enadied, That no

fuit in equity (hall be commenced by any aftlgnee or affignees of any fuch prisoner's eftate and effedls, without the confent of the major part in value of the creditors of fuch prifoner, who (hall meet together purfuant to a notice to be givervin the Lon* don Gazette for that purpofe.	,

XIX.	And be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid, That the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adling as clerk of the peace of every refpedfive county, city, and county town, and county riding, divifion, cinque port, liberty, and place, with whom any fchedules of the eftates of any inlolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, (hall be left, and his fucccflbrs, clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other, officer adling as clerk of the peace as aforefaid, (hall, on the reafonable requeft of any creditor or creditors of fuch infolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, or his or their attorney, produce and (hew to fuch creditor or creditors, or his or their attorney, in the day-time, the fchedule of the eftates of any fuch infolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, which (hall be left with . any fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adling as clerk of the peace, or his predeceffor in that office> the perfon fo requiring to fee and perufe any fuch fchedule, paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adling as clerk of the peace, in whofe cuftody any fuch fchedule ftiall be, or his deputy, the fum of one (hilling for his trouble in fearching for,, and looking out, fuch fchedule, and attending wbilft the fame (hall be perufed by the party or parties requiring to have the fame looked out, and’to perufe the fame : and

Digitized by

Google

I77&] Anno decimo o£Uvo Georgii III. c.52.	91

that a true copy of every Tuch fchedule, figned by the clerk,of attefted copy the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk of the peace, in whofe Cuftody the fame (hall be, or his deputy, pur- cJ*i"nce^a porting the fame to be a true copy of fuch fchedule, without being wrote on (lamped paper, and for which copy no more (hall be paid than fixpence by the (beet, (each (heet to contain feventy two words, and fo iu proportion for a Iefs>number of words), (hall, at all times, be admitted in all courts whatfoever as legal evidence of the fame : and if any clerk of the peace, or Clerk of the his deputy, town clerk, or other officer adding a? clerk of the p««ce refuting peace, (hall, on reafonable requeft as aforefaid, negledl or refufe to produce to any fuch creditor or creditors as aforefaid, or his or or t0 deliver * then; attorney, any fuch fchedule as aforefaid, and to permit the copy theicof, lame to be infpedkd as aforefaid, in the day-time, on fuch pay- etc. ment or tender as aforefaid being made to him ; or (hall afk or take more than after the rate of fixpence by the (beet, each (hcet to contain feventy-two words, and fo in proportion for lefs than feventy-two words in a (heet; or (hall refute to make and deliver a copy of any fuch fchedule, on being requeued as aforefaid fo to make the fame, and having the money tendered to him for payment of fuch copy* after the rate aforefaid j (hall, for every Hiall forfeit fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds; which (hall J?l* aJ*d trc-and may be fued for artd recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts 0 *co 8# of record at IVeJbninJier, by a&ionof debt, together wjth treble cofts of fuit, in the name of any perfon who mall profecute for the fame: and one moiety of which money forfeited (hall, when thepro^cuio*0 recovered, go to the party who profecuted for the fame, and the and the other* other moiety thereof to the poor of the pariih in which the of- to the poor of fence (hall be committed.	the P*nfl».

XX.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That before fuch Affignees of time as any affignee or affignees aforefaid (hall enter on, or take copynold or any profit from, any copyhold or cuftomary eftate, as aforefaid, cuitomary he or they (hall agree and compound with the lord or lords of compoufid the manor or manors of whom the fame (half be holden, for the with the lord payment of fuch fine or income as, upon any furrender and ad- of the manor, niifiion thereto, hath heretofore been moft ufualiy accuftomcd

to be paid; and that upon every fuch agreement or compofi- ancl t0 be ad-tion, the faid lord or lords for the time being, at the next court, or fome fubfequent court, which (hall be holden for the faid p manor or manors, after fuch agreement made, (hall admit fuch affignee or affignees tenant to fuch copyhold or cuftomary pre-- mites, according to the cullom of the laid manor or manors of which the fame (hall be holden, for and during fuch eftate and intereft as the faid prifoncr had therein at the time of his or her, being difeharged as aforefaid, referving the rents, duties, heriots, cuftoms, and fervices, payable and to be rendered ir$ refped of the faid copyhold or cuftomary premifes.

XXI.	Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained fhaJl ex- The prifoner*# tend to prejudice or affe& any eftate or intereft, or right what- right and in-foever, of any other perfon or perfons, other than the faid pri-

fo ic|* or fugitive, whi9h	be ex pedant upon, or fubjaft unto,^ ^ ^

the

Digitized by LaOOQle

All mort-gages, etc. to tako^place preferable to claims of an inferior na-* tare;

Powers in pri-loners of leaf-ing lands, etc. vetted in af-fignees.

The a&ing gaoler, at the time of deli*

Anno decimo o&avo Georgn III. c. 52. [177?#

the eftate and intereft of the faid prifoner or fugitive, hereby vefted in the faid cleric of the peace,' town clerk, or other officer ading as clerk of the peace; but that the eftate, intereft, and right whatfoever, of every other perfon or perforis, (hall remain, continue, and be faved to them, in the fame manner as if this ad had not been made.

XXII.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this ad (hall extend, or be conftrued to binder or prevent any mortgage or mortgages upon the eftate of fuch prifoner or prifoners, or any part thereof, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, comprifed in fuch mortgage or mortgages refpedively; nor to prevent any ftatute-ftaple, ftatute-merchant, recognizance, or judgement, acknowledged by or obtained againft any fuch prifoner or pri— (oners, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real eftate, of fuch prifoner or prifoners; and alfo where any inquifition, (hall have been taken upon any fuch ftatute or recognizance, or any writ or execution (hall have been taken out and delivered to the (heriff or proper officer, upon any fuch judgement before fuch difeharge (hall be given in open feffion to any fuch perfon as aforefaid, the perfonal eftate of every fuch prifoner refpedively (hall be fubjed thereto, in the firft place, for fo much as (hall remain due upon fuch mortgage, ftatute, recognizance, or judgement refpedively, in li|ce manner as fuch mortgagees and creditors, by ftatute, recognizance, or judgement, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature, againft the real or perfonal eftate of fuch prifoner and prifoners refpec-tively, if this ad had not been made; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in apy wife notwithftanding.

XXIII.	And whereas many perfons who may be inti tied to, and claim the benefit of this aft, are feized and pojfeffed of lands.) tenements, and hereditaments, to hold to Juch prifoners for the term of their natural lives, with power of granting leafes, and taking fines, referving fmall rents on fuch efiates, for one, two, or three lives, in pojfejfion or roverfion, or for fome number of years determinable upon lives, which faid powers ought to be executed for the benefit of the creditors offuch prifoners \ be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That in every fuch cafe, all and every the powers of leafing fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which are or (hall be vefted in any fuch prifoner or prifoners, as aforefaid, (hall be, and are hereby vefted in the affignee or affignees of the real and perfonal eftate of fuch prifoner, by virtue of this ad, to be by fuch affignee or affignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of fuch prifoners as aforefaid.

XXIV.	And whereas, in fome gaols or prifons in this kingdom, the office of gaoler or keeper is held in fee for life, or otherwife, by perfons who never aft as gaolers or keepers themfelves, or know any thing 'of the prifoners therein, but depute or employ fome perfon or perfons under them as gaolers or keepers of fuch gaols or prifons; be it therefore enaded. That, in every fuch cafe, the perfon who (lull have been adually employed and aded as deputed gaoler or

keeper

Digitized by LiOOQle

1778*] Anno decimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 52.	93

keeper of any fuch gaol or prifon, at-the time of the delivering wing the in the lifts, hereby diredled to be delivered in, of prifoners in	ia~

any fuch gaol or prifon, at any general quarter fefiions of the fworn# peace, or fome adjournment thereof, and not the principal gaoler or keeper, (unlefs v». here fuch principal gaoler or keeper (hall a<51 as gaoler or keeper himfelf,) (hall take the oath herein-before appointed to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of every fuch gaol or prifon.

XXV.. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Court, on re* the juftices at any general quarter feflion of the peace, or ad- editor to * journment thereof, to which any prifoner (hall be brought in adminifter°an purfuance of this ad, (hall, if required by any creditor or ere- oath to the ditors of any fuch prifoner or prifoners, who (hall oppofe his or gaoler, her difeharge, adminifter and give to the gaoler, or the perfon who ads as gaoler or keeper of any fuch prifon, at the time of bringing up ?ny fuch prifoner, in order to be difeharged under this ad, an oath to the.following effed; (that is to fay):

I A. B. do /wear, That	was really and truly a The oath.

prifoner in my cujiody, in the prifon of tp the heft of my knowledge and belief \ at or upon the twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and /evenly-eight; and that the copy or copies of the caufe or'caufe s of his [or her] commit-ment or detainer, now by me brought with the bodj of the faid

and produced to this court, is or are a true copy cr copies of the caufe or caufes of fuch detainer or commitment, without any fraud or deceit by me, or any other perfon whatfoever, to the beft of my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD.

And if any perfon who was gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any fuch gaol or prifon, on the faid twenty-eighth \xtn gaoler** day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, on Jan. is, or fince, (hall not happen to be the gaoler or keeper, or deputed 1778* then he gaoler or keeper, of any fuch gaol or prifon, at the time any W1 the luch lift as aforefaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then QWU>* the. juftices, at any fuch feflion, or at any adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to adminifter and give to the re- , fpedive perfon or perfons, who (hall be gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper of any fuch gaol or prifon, and deliver in any fuch lift as aforefaid, at any fuch general or quarter feflion, or any adjournment thereof, an oath, touching the commitments, or books of commitment, of any fuch prifon, to the cffe<5fc following; (that is to fay):

I A. B. do fwear, That I have examined the commitments, or books Oath, kept of or concerning the commitment, of prifoners to the prifon of in the [county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty of	as	the	cafe	flxill	be]	; and that I do verily believe that

the faid commitments, or books of commitment, are really true, and not fictitious, nor calculated for this purpofe; and by them it doth appear

Digitized by (^.ooQle

94	Anno decimo oftavo GeoroH III. C.52. [1778^

pear that	was.	on	the	twenty-eighth	day	of	January, one thou*

fand[even hundred dud feventy* eight, really and truly a prifonerin the actual evjlody of	the	then	gaoler	or	keeper, or deputed

gaoler or keeper, of the faid prifon, without fraud or deceit by me> ot any other perfon or perfons, to my knowledge and belief

So help me GOD.

and examine bun, on oath, etc.

Sheriff or gaoler, difo-beying order pf court, to ioifeit 1001. with treble colts.

XXVI.	And, in order to diRover any fraudulent entries or commitments of prifoner s in any gaol books, be it further enabled by the

Comt, at the authority ntorefaid, That the juftices at any general or quarter fefllon of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, are hereby au-himmon'the fborifed, a* the requeft of any creditor or creditbrs of any pri-perfon vi ho fbner, to convene before them, at fome certain time to be ap-afted as gaoler pointed by them, any perfon or perfons who was or were gaoler on Jan. *8, cr keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any gaol or prifon 177 > or mce,	thcir	refpexftive	jurifdi&ions,	on	the	faid	twenty-eighth

day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, or at any time (ince; and to examine every fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, on oath, touching the commit* ment and continuance in cuftody of any fuch prifoner, as the juftices, at any fuch general or quarter feflion, or adjournment thereof, (hall think lit: and if any fheriff, gaoler, or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall negleift or refufe to bring before fuch juftices, at any feflion of the peace, or adjournment thereof, any prifoner as (hail be directed and required by warrant of any juftice or juftices as aforefaid, or to attend on being fum-moned for that purpofe; or if any gaoler or keeper attending^ (hall refofe to make anfwcr and difeovery in the premifes, as (hall be reafonably required at fuch general or quarter feflioh,or any adjournment thereof, he, (be, or they, fo offending in the premifes, (hall, for-every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the font of one hundred pounds ; to be recovered, by and in the name, and for the ufe, of the party injured, by a&ion of debt, to ht brought in his or her name, in arry of his Majefty’s courts of re** cord at Wefiminjler, together with treble cofts of futt.

XXVII.	And whereas a great number of workmen, Jkilful in the feveral trades and manufactures of this kingdom, and alfo many abk feamen and mariners y finding themfehes unable to fatisfy the whole of their refpeCtrue debts, and dreading the mi[erie\ of a gaol, have chofe to leave their employments and native country, and have entered them-felves in foreign fervice: and whereas their continuance abroad muft be of great prejudice to the trade of this kingdom; in order therefore to induce and enable fuch perfons to return, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all and every debtor and debtors, who was or were actually beyond the feas, in foreign pans, on the

Jan.	V778, tenth day of March, one thoufand feven hundredand feventy-e^ght,

iu< rendering *nd did not go into fuch foreign parts with the view or intent to them ft Ives,	gain or have the benefit of an infolvent debtor’s ac5t, who (haM

benefit of this teturn an^ forrender himfeJf of rhemfelves,-within fourteen days next immediately after his or their landing m England7 unto thfc

gaoler

Debtors who were beyond the feas on

ac!

Digitized by L^ooQLe

1778.] Anno decimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 52*.	<95

gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of the prifons of the King's Bench, Matjbalfca, or Fleets of to the gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of the prifon or prifons of foch county, city, town, riding, divifion, liberty, or place, where fuch debtor or debtors laft dwelt, for the fpace of fix months, (which faid gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, is and are hereby required and impowered to receive and detain fuch debtor or debtors, furrendering as aforefaid, in order to their difeharge, as hereinafter mentioned), and who, from and immediately after fuch furrender, do continue in actual cuftody of fuch gaoler and gaolers, keeper or keepers, until the time of his’difeharge, (hall be deemed a prifoner or prifoners within, and be, to all intents-and purpofes, intitled to, the benefit of this a<ft; and (hall, upon due proof ot the faid premifes, by the oath of fuch debtor or debtors (not difproved by any credible witnefs), bedifeharged in the fame manner as if he, (lie, or they, had been a&ually in prifon on the faid twenty-eighth day of January^ one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-eight, and continued thercin.as aforefaid ; fubje<ft neverthelefs to the fame reftrifhons and provifions, upon the fame and a compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifr- terras as other cations, herein-before impofed upon the faid prifoners actually Prif°ncri» in cuftody upon the faid twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and alfo fubjetft to the terms and provifions relating to the eftate and effe&s of fuch prifoner, as aforefaid ; excepting only (uch particulars thereof except in cer-■*s require the name of a prifoner to be inferted in the gaoler’s tain particu-or keeper’s lift, as aforefaid, as relate to the oaths of fuch gaoler *ar8# or keeper hercin-before appointed to be taken; which particulars cannot podibly be applied to the cafe of perfons furrendering themfelves as aforefaid; and alfo except the faid oath hereinbefore appointed to be taken by prifoners in cuftody upon the faid twenty-eighth dav of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, inftead whereof, the perfon or perfons fo fur-rendering (hall take an oath, in open court, at fome general or quarter feftion of the peace, or fome adjournment thereof, of the county, city, town, riding, divifion, place, or liberty, in the prifon of which any fuch fugitive or debtor (hall be held, after the furrender of any fuch fugitive or debtor, to the effect following; which the faid juftices, authorifed to put this a<5t in execution, are hereby required and impowered to adminifter in fuch manner as the Oaths herein-beforc mentioned are to be ad-miniftered.

I A. B. upon my corporal oath, bi the prefence of Almighty God,fo~ Fugitive*!

lemnly /wear, protefl, and declare, That I was actually on the oath. tenth day of March, one'thoufand (even hundred and feventy eight, beyond the fcas in foreign parts, videlicet, at and that I did, within fourteen days next immediately after my land-ingy furrender myfelf to the cuftody of the keeper cf	'

[as the cafe mhy be*] ; and that I have ever ftme fuch 1ft) fiiYTtnitr continued'ti'prifoner in, bis cuftody\^andtkit*the

Jchedule

Digitized by Google

$6	Anno	decimo	o&avo	Georgh	Ilf.	C.52.	[1778#

fchedult now delivered, and by me fubfcribei, doth contain, to the beft of my knowledge, remembrance, end belief \ a full, juft, true, and perfect account and difeovery, of all the real eflate,	effects, and

other perfonal eflate, in any wife belonging to me; and alfo all of fuch debts as are to me owing, or to any pet fin or perfons in trufl for me ? and of all the fecurities and contracts whereby any money now is, or wilt or may hereafter become payable, or whereby or wherefrom any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, or to my ufe, or to any other perfon of perfons in trufl for me; add the names and pines of abode of the fever al perfons from whom fuch debts are due and owing; and of the witneffes that can prove fuch debts or contracts, [if any fuch there . be] ; and that neither I, nor any perfons in trujl for me, is or art feifed of any real eflate, in pojfeffton, reverfion, or remainder, or expectancy, or of any perfonal ejlale of any kind whatfiever, other than what are in the faid Jcbedule contained; except my wearing apparel* and bedding for myfelf dnd family, my working tools, and neceffary implements for my occupation and calling, together with a [urn of money not exceeding forty Jbillings, and not exceeding in the whole the value of twenty pounds j and that I have not, direClly or indirectly, fold* tiffined, or otherwife conveyed, difpofed of in truft, or concealed, all or any part of my real eflate, money, goods, chattcls, flocks, debts, fecurities, contracts, or perfonal eflate whatfiever, whereby to fecure the fame, fo as to receive or exped any profit or advantage therefrom to myfelf or family, or with any view, intent, or deftgn, to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to whom I am indebted in any wife howfoever, or prevent their recovering or attaining their tefpeClivd debts.

So help me GOD.

Fugitive ar- XXVIII. Provided alfo, and be it enaAed, That if any fu-retted, intend-gjtivc intending to furrendcr to the terms of this aCt, (halL def Entitled”" w^l*n the fpacc before-mentioned of fourteen days, be arretted to the benefit >n any fuit or aCtion, which caufe of adtion accrued before the of this aft. faid tenth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred arid feven-* ty-eight, fuch fugitive giving notice (as before directed) to any juftice of the peace at the next general quarter feflion or general feflion; and, in all other refpeCts, complying with the terms and conditions of this alt,* (hall be intitled to the benefit of the fame;

• and every IherifF, bailiff, or officer, gaoler, or keeper of a prifon* in whofe cuftody fuch fugitive (hall be detained, (hall Conform him or themfelves to the directions of this aCt, id like manner as before-mentioned.

XXIX. And whereas a great number of commiffton and warrant officers, in his Majefiy's fia and land fervke, who, through unavoidable misfortunes, have involved themfelves in debt, are now unable, though willing, to ferve their king and country, becaufe, to avoid the difgrace andfbame of a prifin, they have taken Jfbelter in privileged places, and cannot come forth without danger of being immediately arretted, or have been thrown into prifin, without hopes of being rtleafea by any difeharge of their debts, and are therefore become ufelefs and a heavy burthent wflead of being firviceable to theJlatez ana whereas many

of

Digitized by v^ooQle

1778*] Anno decimo o&avo GeoPgii III. c. 52.

of them art not under tht defcription of thefe perfom who can take benefit by the proviftons of this afl, without fome extenfeon thereof^ yet are very proper objefls offuch relief as is hereby intended to be given; be it therefore enacted, That all and every commiffion or warrant officer or officers, in his Majefty’s fca or land fervice, now upon the full or half-pay lift, who (hall, on or before the twenty-fixth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, furrender himfelf or themfelves to the gaoler or keeper of any of his Majefty’s prifons, in fuch manner as is herein directed for fugitive debtors returning from foreign parts, who mean to claim the benefit of this aCt, and who (hall, fubfequent thereto, conform themfelves in all refpedts to the like terms and conditions preferibed to fuch fugitive debtors, (except as to fo much of the oath required to be taken by them, as declares that fuch debtors were in foreign parts on a certain day, and did fur-render within fourteen days after their return;) inftead whereof, every fuch debtor (hall fwear, that he did, on or before the twenty (ixth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fe-venty-cight, [as the cafe may £r], furrender himfelf to the cqftody of the gaoler or keeper of	[infert	the	name

of the prifori]y and who (hall, in all other refpeCts, take the mine oath as every fuch fugitive debtor is required to do, (hall be deemed and taken to be a prifoner or prifoners within the true meaning of this aCt^ and be intitled to the benefits thereof, to all intents and purpofes whatsoever.

XXX. And whereas divers perfons are under a neceffity of refid-ing abroad, to avoid being thrown into goal on account of annuities by them granted as a means of raifing money either to themfelves, or others for whom they have become furety% and fuch perfons cannot have the benefit of a difeharge by virtue of this afl, in refpeft of the accruing payments of Juch annuities fubfequent to the twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and Jeventy-eight j be it therefore further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon or perfons who was or were actually beyond the Teas in foreign parts to avoid being thrown into gaol on account of debts fo contracted on or before the faid twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and who (hall furrender himfelf or themfelves to the gaoler or keeper of any of his Majefty’s prifons, in fuch manner as is herein dirc&ed for fugitive debtors returning from foreign parts who mean to claim the benefit of this aCt, and who fhail, fubfequent thereto, conform themfelves in all refpeCts to the like terms and conditions preferibed to fuch fugitive debtors, fhail, notwithftanding the penal fum contained in any bond, judgement, or other aflurance, whereby fuch annuity may have been fecured, fhould be larger than the fum limited by this aCt, be intitled to the benefits of this aCt to all intents and purpofes; and fuch perfon or perfons, fo conforming, (hall not afterwards be arrefted, or held to bail, or liable to imprifonment, on account of the accruing payment of any annuity thentofore granted or fecured, or in rcfpeCtof any bond, judgement, or othdr Vol. XXXII.	H	aflurance,

97

Any comimf-iion or warrant officer, ' who (hall fur-render him-felf. as is herein directed tor fugitive debtors, before June 26,177S, fli.itJ be inri-tled to the benefit of this a (ft.

Perfons beyond the Teas on account of annuities granredbefore Jan.s8, 17^8, who (hall furrender them-felves as fugitive debtors, etc. (hall be intitled to the benefit of this, ait.

Digitized by VoiOOQle

Anno decimo o£btvo Georg ii UL c. 52*	[	1778.

sfluTsmce, made, entered into, or obtained* for fecuring the pay-« ment of any fuch annuity.

Exception XXXI. Provided always, That no perfon (hall be intitlcd to * be difcharged from his imprisonment, under the provifions of this ad, where the annuity fecured to any one creditor (hall exceed the fum of one thoufand pounds uulefs by the content of . torch creditor.

Funnre eflates XXXII. Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained (hall ©r/to^^a- extend to exempt or discharge the future cftate or effeds, real ble to pay- * or perfonal, of any fuch debtor or debtors, as are laft herein-ment of an- before mentioned, from being liable to the payment of torch annuities. nuity debts as aforefaid.

Gaoler,or XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-printerofthe faid, That if any gaoler or keeper of any prifon, or his deputy Gazette, etc. or deputies, (hall, without juft caufe, to be approved of by rho wh t^r ug ju^'ces at ^ome g^eral quarter feiTion or general (eflion of the lations of tm* peace, or adjournment thereof, within their refpedive jurif-a&. to forfeit didions, refufe or delay to bring any torch prifoner or prilonera ick>1. for each a$ aforefaid, to any torch general quarter feftion, or general fef-ti«Wecottslh	or	f°rac	adjournment thereof, in order to hisorherdif-

charge, or (hall negled, refufe, or defignedly omit to infert, in any fuch lift, the name or names of any torch prifoner or prisoners who was or were actually in cuftody in his of their refpedive gaol or prifon, on the faid twenty-eighth day of Jannory^ one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, or tonce; or (hall negled or refufe to make out, fix up, or deliver fuch lifts as aforefaid ; or if any torch gaoler or koeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall negled or refufe to take any of the faid oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or (lull, upon any account or pretence whatfoever, take or receive more than the faid town of one (hilling hefein-before allowed for his or her attendance in order to be difcharged of fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid ; or (hall detain any fuch prifoner after he or (be (hall be difcharged as aforefaid; or if the printerof the London Gazette, or other newfpaper as aforefaid, (hall wilfully refufe or negled to infert therein the notice by this ad dhreded to be given,-on reasonable requeft to him made for that purpofe, and tender of the money hereby direded to be paid; or (hall take or receive any fee or gratuity more than two pence as aforefaid for doing thereof; every fuch gaoler and keeper of fuch prifon or prrfons, his deputy or deputies, and every torch printer as aforefaid, (hall refpedively forfeit and pay to each prifoner, in any fuch cafe injured, the fum of one hundred pounds; which (hall and may be recovered, with treble cofts of tolit, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record at Weftminfler, wherein no eflom, protedkm, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

Gaoler con- XXXIV. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-*ufe<tof«fe^ That if any torch gaoler or gaolers, or keeper or keepers, 5001, with full or any deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prifon, (ball, in uking coils, etc* of the afore-mentioned paths, for/wcar or perjure himfeif, and

Digitized by

Google

99

177**] Annodecimo odavo Georgii III. c.52.

fhall thereof be lawfully convicted, fuch gaoler or kfrper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of fuch' prifon or prifons, (over and above fuch penalties as may be inflrdted on perfons convidted of perjury), (hall, upon every fuch convidtion, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered with full cods,'by bill, plaint, or information, or adtion of debt, in any of his Ma-* jefty's courts of record at Wiftminjier, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, by and in the name of fuch perfon or perfons, his and their executors and admini-flrators, to whom any afllgnment or conveyance, in purfuance of this adt, (hall be made, of the eftate and effedts of fuch priibner or pri (oners; and if no fuch aflignee or affignees (hall be living, then in the name or names of any other creditor or creditors who (hall fue for the faid penalties \ to be applied, Ohe moiety Applicatjonof

. to the informer or informers, and the other moiety towards fa- e pciu ty* tisfadtion of the debts offuch his creditor or creditors.	•

XXXV.	And be it further enacted. That if any clerk of the refufwg peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as * prifoner a8 clerk of the peace, (nail delay or refute to give every or any (uch copy of his . prifoner fo difcharged as afbrefaid, within fourteen days after his diicharge, or her difcharge, a copy of the order of his or her dilchargc, on

the payment of two (hillings and fixpence; or (hall take more or taking ex* than the fum of two (hillings and fixpence for fuch copy ; or (haH orbitant fccs* take more than one (hilling for an aflignment or conveyance of fuch prifoner’s eftate or effects; every (uch clerk of the peace, or ^a,l forfeit his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, wno (hall fo offend, and who (hall be convidted at any p fuch general or ouarter feflion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, of any (uch offence, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay to every fuch prifoner the fum of twenty pounds, as the juftices of the peace, at any fuch general or quarter fdlion of the peace, dr adjournment thereof, (hall order j and who are hereby impowered to caufc the fame to be levied by diftrefs and file of the goods of any fuch clerk of the peace, 'or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, fo offending.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Prifoner. etc.

' (aid. That if any prifoner as aforeiaid, or any other perfon or convidted of -perfons who (hall take the benefit of this act, mall forfwear and	to

perjure himfelf, or themfelves, in any oath to be taken under oHri^ny6. * this adt, and (hall be lawfully convidted thereof, he, (he, or they, fo offending, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony,

XXXVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore- Perfons dif-

faid, That no perfon to be difcharged by this adt (hall, at any	JjJ*

tifne hereafter, be imprifoned by reafon of any judgement or fable to im-decree obtained for payment of money only, or for any debt, prifonmept bond, damages, cpntempts, cofts, fum or Turns of money, con- for dehtt,eic* tracked, incurred, occofioned, owing, or growing due, before the	^	"

faid twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred ,77*\ *" * and feventy-eight; but that upon every aired opon every judgement, or filch decree, or for fuch debts, damages, contempts,

Ha	cgftsj

Google

loo	Anno	decimo	o£tavo GeORGH III. c.52: [1778*

cods, fum and Turns of money, it (hall and may be lawful for any judge of the court where the procefs iffued, or for any two juftices of the peace, upon (hewing the copy of the order of fuch prifoner’s difcharge or difcharges, to releafe and difcharge out of cuftody fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid; and (hall, at the fame time, order the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in fuch fait or fuits, to pay fuch prifoner or prifoners the cods he, (he, or they, (hall have incurred on fuch occafion, or fo much thereof as to fuch judge or juftices (liall feem juft and reafonable; and every fuch judge is hereby impowered fo to do on fuch prifoner’s caufing a common appearance to be entered for him in every fuch action and fuit.

XXXVIII. And whereas, under former afis of this kindy doubts have arifen, what was to be done with fuch prijoners who applied at '	any fefjton to be difebarged, who owed and (hod charged with debts,

as well previous as fubfequent to the day limited by the refpcfiive afls ; to remedy which, be it therefore enaded by the authority afore-foner°to be fcid’ That no prifoner or prifoners (hall be difeharged of any difcharged of debts fubfequent to the twenty-eighth day of January, one thou-debtt fubfe. fand feven hundred and feventy* eight; and if it (hall appear to quent thereto, the juftices, in any feflion or adjournment, that any prifoner or prifoners, then applying to them to be difeharged, (hall (land charged as well with debts previous to as fubfequent to the faid twenty-eighth day of January^ one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, that, in fuch cafes, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the juft;ces to difcharge the perfon of fuch prifoner on account of all debts previous to the faid twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eighr, and to remand him or her back to the cuftody of the keeper of the prifon from whence he or (he was brought, for all debts with which he or (he (lands charged with in his cuftody, fubfequent to the faid twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-eight.

Juftice*, etc. XXXIX. And be it further enabled by the at thority aforefaid. That if any a$ion of efcape, or any fuit or adfion, be brought tionVought againft any juftice or juftices of the peace, (heriff, gaoler, qr againft them, keeper of any prifoo, for performing their office, in puiYuance of this ad, they mav plead the general ifTue, and give this ad in and recover evidence; and if the plaintiff be nonfuited, or difeontinue his treble coftt. adion, or verdid pafs againft him, or judgement upon demurrer, the defendant (hall have treble cofts.

Perfons dif-	XL. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

charged may That if any feire facias, or adion of debt, or upon judgement plead gene- (ball be brought againft any prifoner, his or her heirs, executors, a?l adtonsor or adminiftrators, upon any judgement, obtained againft any judgements fuch prifoner or on any ftatute or recognizance acknowledged Drought , by him or her, before the faid twenty-eighth day of January, one againft them thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eighl, with refped to pri-°i77i etc. f0061"8 *n a<^uaI cuftody, or with refped to debtors beyond the * 11 *	*	Teas as aforefaid, upon the faid tenth day of Marcby one thou-

sand feven hundred and feventy-eight, it (hall be lawful for any u	fuch

Digitized by i^ooQle

10*

1778*] Anno decimo odavo Georgii IIL C.52. fuch priToner, his or her heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, to plead generally that fuch priToner was adually a priToner in Tuch priTon at Tuch a perfon’s fuit on the twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand Teven hundred and Teventy-eight, or was or were beyond the leas in foreign parts on the tenth day.of March, one thouTand (even hundred and feventy-eight ; and was or w,ere duly difcharged according to tj^is aft, at the general quarter fef-fion or general feflion, or adjournment thereof, held at fuch time and place, for Tuch county, riding, divifion, liberty, city, town, or place, (as his, her, or their cafe is,) without pleading any and mother matter fpecially ; and in cafe any other Tuit or adion (hall be *uit«, may commenced againft him, her, or them, for any other debt, Turn '"ftb*-or Turns of money, due before-the faid twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, or the execution, tenth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, to plead in difeharge of his or her perfon from execution,

(over and above fuch matters as aforefaid,) that fuch debt or	'

Turn of money (as the cafe (hall happen) was contraded or due before the faid twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, or the tenth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, without pleading any other matter fpecially; whereto the plaintiff (hall or may plaintiff may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforefaid, or reply general? reply any other matter or thing which may (hew the (aid defen- ly>ctc* dant not to be intitled to the benefit of this ad, or not duly difcharged according to it, in the fame manner as the plaintiff might have replied, in cafe the defendant had pleaded this ad,

• and his difeharge, by virtue of this ad, fpecially; and if the butif nonfuit-plaiptiffbe nonfuited, difeontinue his adion, or verdid pafs fd uj0 againft him, or judgement on demurrer, the defendant to have trc cco *' Treble cofts.

XLI. Provided always. That nothing in this ad contain* Atrornies or ed (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to releafe or fervor* «n-difeharge any attorney at law, or folicitor, or any other perfop bezzrring moor perfons ading, or pretending to ad as fuch, with regard to JJ^deci thebu any debt with which he or they (hall (land charged for any mo- nefit of this ney, or other effeds, recovered and received by him or them, a$. for the ufe of any perfon or perfons, bodies corporate or politick, and by any attorney, folicitor, or other perfon or perfons ading as fuch, embezzled, concealed, or converted, to his or their own ufe, or to releafe or difeharge any fervant or agent, or any per-Ton or perfons employed or intrufted as fuch, with, regard to any debt or demand with which he, (he, or they (hall (land charged, for and on account of any money, goods, or other effeds, received or poflefled by him, her, or them, for the ufe, and on account of his, her, or their mafter or matters, or emptbyers, and by fuch fervant or agent embezzled, Concealed, or converted to his, her, or their own ufe; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding,

XLII. And whereas many evxUdifpoftd perfons, to fupport their Perfons who, profligate way of life, bav<y by various fubtlejlratagems, threats, apd

H 3	devices,l ^

Digitized by V^OOQl

iot	Anno decimo oftavo GeoRGII III. c. 52.	[1778.

obtained mo- devices, fraudulently obtained 'divers fums of money, goods, wares, exclude^th^ merchandizes, ponds, bills of exchange, promijfory notes, or other (e-benefitof this unties for money, to the great injury of indujlrious families, ana to the manifejl prejudice of trade and credit; be it ena&ed, That no prifoner, who knowingly and deugnedly, by falfe pretence or pretences, (hall hate obtained from any perfon or perfons, money, goods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, promiffory notes, or other fecurities for money, (hail have or receive any benefit or difeharge by or under this aft; but the juftices, at any general or quarter feflion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, before whom any fuch prisoners (hall be brought, upon due proof of the matter, made to their fatisfac-tion, (hall remand fuch prifoner to the cuftody of the gaoler or keeper of the prifon from whence he or (he (hall have been brought; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Any pCMH XLIII. And whereas many debtors have, with a view to defraud tflbjncd any°r ^eir creditors, fold, transferred, conveyed, or ajjigned their ejfate and pirt of his * effects to fame perfon or perfons,fubfiquent to their being in cuflody of ettate or tf-	law, or tmprifoned under Jonfe procefs for debt: and whereas fitch fale,

fetf s, after be- transfer, conveyance, or offignment, has been frequently made, to the v^fhdefign to infinite prejudice of the fair and hcnejl creditor, though fuffident proof defraud his tould not be obtained to convifl the party of a fraudulent defign 5 be creditors, fhall it ena&ed, That whenever it (hall be proved by one or more Jofe the benefit credible witnefs or witneflfes to the fatisfadlion of the court, to of this act* wh*,ch any prifoner (hall be brought up, in order to obra n his or her difeharge, that fuch prifoner has (bid, transferred, conveyed, or affigned, to any perfon or perfons, all or any part of his eftate or effects, fubfequent to the time of his imprifonment, or of his being in cuftody of law, without juft caufe for fo doing, to be allowed by the juftices presiding in fuch court as aforefaid ; every fuch prifoner (hall lofe all the benefits and advantages that he might have otherwife claimed under the authority of this a&, and (hall not be tntitled to his or her difeharge: and every fuch fale, transfer, conveyance, or aflignmenr, is hereby declared to be null and void.

Gaoler to per- XLIV. And be it further ena£ted by the authority aforefaid, in11 hi private That evcry g*°k* or keeper of any prifon (hall, and is hereby to^pritoners, 'required to fuffer, in the day-time, any perfon or perfohs defir-whofe names ing the fame, to fee and fpeak, in the lodge, or feme convenient in[cr^d in room in the faid prifon, with any prifoner or prifoners, whofe .k. 1.	names	are	inferted	in the afore-mentioned lift or lifts, or London

Gassette, or other newfpapert, or any of them, or any perfons furrendering themfelves purfuant to this a<5l 5 and alfofee, in the true^and genuine books of the (aid prifon, the entries made of the name or names of fach prifoner or prifoners, together with the name or names of the perfon or perfons at whofe fuitor fuks he, fhe, or they, are detained : and if any -fuch gaoler or keeper (hall negleft or refufe to comply wkh what is here above required, every fuch gaoler or keeper, who (hall fo offend in the pre-mifes, (hall forfeit and pay, to the perfon fo refafed and aggrieved,

the

the lift, or gazette, etc.

and the examining original books of entries, etc.

on penalty of 4.0I. with cofts

Digitized by v^ooqIc

*778-] Anno dcchno odfcrvo GeoRGH III. c. 52.	103

thefum of forty pounds; to be recovered, with cofts of fuit, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts at Pt'eftminfier, wherein no effoin, protedion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed, by and in the name - or names of the perfon qr perfons fo refufed and aggrieved.

XL V. And whereas fcveralperfonj, who have taken the benefit of Prifoners fu-a&s of infolvency, from a difficulty of obtaining a new credit to Jet tureeftatest tbemfehes up in their tjfual trades and occupations, [as their future Refunds m effects have, been made Habit to their debts previous thereto) have gone notwithftand-abroad for the better maintainance of them [elves and families, carrying ing their ptr-the arts and manufactures of this country to our enemies, or rivals in liable trade: in order to prevent fuch evsl for the future, be it enacted, to creditors * That the future real eftates, as well freehold and copyhold, as cuftomary copyhold,' falaries of offices under government money, or money in the funds, or lent upon real fecurity only, of every fuch perfon or perfons, prifoner or prifoners, fugitive or fugitives, which, after the time of his, her, or their total forrcnder of bis, her, or their eftates and effcds, under fuch ads, he, fhe, or they, fhall or may be feized of, in his, her, or their own right or ufe, by grant, demife, or purchafe, (hall remain and be liable to his, her, and their refpedive creditors, as before the making of this ad; and any creditor or creditors of any fuch prifoner or prifon- who may foe crs, fugitive or fugitives, may, at any time hereafier, fue out c*ccuti£2{ execution, extents, or other procefs, againft fuch real eftate or money in the funds as aforefaid, of fuch perfon or perfons, on or pcrfonal any judgement at the time of fuch difcharge recovered, or fta- cffe&s,©*^ tute ftaple, or recognizance acknowledged by, or decree obtained again ft any fuch prifoner or fugitive, but not againft his, her, or their perfon, or his, her, or their perfonal eftate or effeds, except money in the funds obtained or accrued lince fuch time of fuch difcharge, other than as aforefaid.

XLVI. And be it alfo enaded, That any creditor or credi- Creditorsmay tors of any prifoner or prifoners, fugitive or fugitives, who fhall foe f°r »he be difcharged under this ad, may, at any rime after any fuch difcharge, commence and profecute any adion or fuit againft any tlfc time of* fgch prifoner or fugitive, his, her, or their refpedive heirs, exe- prifoner’* dif-cutors, or adminiftrators, for the recovery of any fam or fonts of charge, money which fhall be due from any fuch prifoner or prifoners, fugitive or fugitives, at the time of his or their faid difcharge, but fhall not hold the perfon of any fuch prifoner or fugitive to but not bold fpecial bail; nor fhall take the perfon, or perfonal eftate and ef- j.he Prj*?n?to feds, other than as aforefaid, of any fuch prifoner or fugitive, in p€C,a ba“* execution,' by any judgement, fentence, or decree, which fhall nor take his have been, or hereafter may be recovered" or obtained againft any ^rion, etc^ , fuch prifoner or fugitive; and any judge of the court, out of men?rccover-which fuch execution fhall iflue, fhall have power to difeharge ed againft him* the fame by virtue of this ad: and in any adion or fuit, which fliaft be hereafter commenced againft any foch prifoner or fugi- to ^ taken of tivc, his. or her heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, no benefit or thecauteof advantage (haH be had or taken, for that the caufe of adion did *ft»°n not a©, not accrue within three years next before the commencing of any

H4	fuCh3ye"*»etC*

„ A

Digitized by L^OOQle

Exception.

Difcharge of prifoner no acquittal to his partner or furctief.

Gaoler mak* ing falfe entries in prifon book or lift, jo forfeit cool with treble pods.

Anno decimo odavo Georgii III. C.52. [1778.

fuch aCtion or fuit; nor (hall any ftatute or limitation be pleadable, or be allowed to be pleaded in bar of or in any fuch action or fuit; which (hall be hereafter commenced by any fuch creditor or creditors againft any fuch prifoner or prifoners, unlefs fuch caufe of aCtion or fuit did not accrue within three years next before any fuch prifoner or fugitive (hall be difeharged under this adt; and, in any fuch cafe, the fame may be pleaded by any fuch prifoner, his or her heirs, executors, or adminiftrators.

XLVI I. Provided always, and be it likewife enadted, That by the difcharge of any prifoner or fugitive by force of this adt, no other perfon or perfons who was or were partner or partners in trade with any fuch prifoner or fugitive, at the time of his or her difcharge under this adt, or then flood bound, engaged with, or liable to, the payment of any debt with any fuch prifoner or fugitive, or engaged in any contradt together with any fuch prifoner or fngitive, (hall be difeharged from any fuch debt or demand ; but every fuch other perfon and perfons (hall feverally (land and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, fuch debt and debts, and to perform fuchcontradis, in like manner as if any fuch prifoner or fugitive had never been difeharged from the fame.

XLVJII. And be it further enadled. That if any gaoler or keeper, or reputed gaoler or keeper, of any prifon or prifons, (hall make, or caufe to be made, any falfe entries in any book or books belonging to any prifon or gaol under his care, or of * which he is or was gaoler, or (hall prepare or keep, or caufe to be. prepared or kept, any falfe book or books, in order for any falfe or untrue entry or entries to be made therein; or (hall infert in any lift, to be delivered in as aforefaid, the name or names of any perfon or perfons who was not a prifoner or prifoners in adtual cuftody in any fuch gaol or prifon upon the (aid twenty-eighth day or January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-?ight, or (hall not have ever fince remained in fuch adtual cu-

frifoner* re-iufing tode-clarc the abode, etc. of the perfon at Wbofe (uit he U detained,

ftody (except as in the oath of any fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall be excepted,) every fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall, over and above the penalties which he (hall be liable to for every fuch fraud, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds 1 to be recovered, with treble cods of fuit, by and in the name, and for the ufe, of -any perfon or perfons who (hall be prejudiced by any entry, or fuch falfe entries; which penalties (hall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJIminfler, wherein no efloin, protection, or Wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XLIX. And be it further enaCted, That if any priforter, being thereunto required by any creditor, (hall refufe to difeover and declare the trade or occupation, and habitation, or laft place of abode, of the perfon or perfons at whofe fuit he or (he is detained or charged in cuftody ; or, being called for and defired, by any creditor or creditors, to come to the lodge of the prifon in which any fuch prifoner (hall be confined, without fome rea-fonable capfc being mad? appear to tfye contrary $ every fuch prir



Digitized by v^ooQle

177^-3 Anno dedmo oftavo Gborgii III. c. 52.

105

Toner, upon proof being made thereof before the juftices at any to be excluded general or quarter feflion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof , to be held as aforefaid, (hall not have or receive any benefit or 0118 a difcharge by or under this aA; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

L. And whir eat thire is but one common or county gaol for each of Juftices may the refpiClive counties of York, Lincoln, Lancafter, and Durham, •ffcmble ator which faid counties art each of them divided into feveral ridings or diviftons9 all which have feveral commijjions of the peace \ and if the an(i hoil*? * . gaolers of thofe gaols be obliged to carry the debtor s, prifoners therein, feflion there to the quarter fejfton of each riding or divifion,, the fame will be a very for difcharge great charge, not only to fuch gaolers, but alfo to the prifoners in thofe °* prifoners. large counties; be it therefore enaAed by the authority aforefaid.

That it fhall and may be lawful for two or more juftices of the peace for any of the ridings or divifions in the rcfpeAive counties,

(or any othercounty or counties where die prifons are atadiftanee from the place where the feflions are held,) at the common or county gaol thereof refpeAively, or at fome convenient place near thereto, and they are hereby required to afTemble and meet, and to hold feflion, there, by adjournment from their refpeAive quarter feflion, from time to time, for the difcharge of the refpeAive pri-loners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this aA,

LI. And whereas the divifton or difiriCl of Holland in the faid The county ^Lincoln, is dijlant near forty miles from the faid county oT^HoUamdhi gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expenftye for the juftices of the Lin coin (hire, peace acting for the faid divifton, to be obliged to travel to the faid may adjourn gaol, for the foie purpofe of difeharging the prifoners under the to the county powers by this ad given; be it therefore enaAed, Thar, for the §ifbh«Sn!rf levcral purpofes aforefaid, the juftices for the faid divifion or prtfoners?* diftriA of Holland, may adjourn their original feflions to the * county gaol, or fome place near thereunto; and that it may and fhall be lawful for any two juftices of the peace, aAing either for the parls of Lindfey, Kejleven,, or Holland, to hold fuch adjourned leffions (or the foie purpofe of discharging fuch prifoners; notice of the adjournment of fuch original feflion being given by the clerk of feflions to fuch juftices, and who fhall attend there to regifter the proceedings of the faid court, fo far as the fame relate to or affcA the difcharge of any prifoner detained for debt in the divifion of Holland, and claiming the benefit of this aA.

LII. And whereas the next general quarter fefftons of the peace for Juftices for the the county of Surrey, which fhall happen after the pajjing of this a Cl, Surra may piay be in the country, and upwards of twenty miles from any of the affcmble at the faid prifons\ be it therefore enaAed by the authority aforefaid, town-hall of That it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftices as fhall be af- s®ut.b,fJr^ fembled at the general quarter feflion of the peace to be holden for the county of Surrey, next after the pafling of this aA, and * they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the faid feflion to the town hall in the borough of Southwark, for the purpofe of ?dminiftering the oaths required to be taken and fubferibed by thi&aA, by the feveraj gaolers within the faid county wherein *ny prifoner or prifoners arc confined, an4 19 rB ’•'* *	*

io6

Jofticesof London, Mid-dlefex, and Surrey* to af-femble their rtfpedive courts for ad* mi differing oaths, etc.

and to give 30 days notice of fitting to di (charge prifoners.

Prifoners who are kept in cuftody for payment of fees, etc. to be dtfeharged'

This a£t not to extend to debtors to the crown $

nor to prifon-•ers who owe more than 1000I. to one perfon, unlefr tiich creditor conlcnt 1

Anno dccimo oftavo Gxorgii III. c. 52. [177?.

fuch refpc&ive prifoner or prifoners confined therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this aCt.

LIII. A*d whereas the next general quarter Jejfonof the peace far the city of London, and general quarter feffious for the counties of Middlefex and Surrey, will not ke held until the middle of July, which will he the means of detaining in priftn a number of perfons wboy with their families, are in the grestejl dtftrefs; be ft enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for any two or more of the juftices of the peace for the cify of London and the counties of Surrey and Middlejex> to aflcmble their re-fpeftive courts as foon as may be after palling this adt, for the purpose of adminiftering the oaths, and other the matters required by this ad, and to appoint fuch day or days for the discharge of prifoners as they (hid! fee proper; and every perfon or perfons fo cleared at fuch meeting as aforefaid, (hall receive ail the benefits accruing to him by this adt, in the feme manner as if fuch buftnefs had been done av any general quarter feffion, or general feffion of the peace, or adjournment thereof \ any thing in this ad to the contrary notwithftanding; and fuch jufticcs are hereby required to caufe to be inferted in the London Gazette, notice of the day or days on which they will lit, for the discharge of fuch prifoners, and other the purpofcs di reded by this ad, (which notice (hall be inferred ia the London Gazette thirty days previous fo fuch time.)

LIV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That all debtors and others, who were in prifon on or before the faid twenty-eighth day of January, onethoufand feven hundred and feventy eight, cr fince, in any of the gaols of this kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their fees, rents, or Other demands due, or claimed as due, to the keeper or gaoler of any prifon refpedively, or to any other officer of fuch prifon, and upon no other acqount, (hall be difeharged therefrom, he, fhe, or they, taking the oath by this ad required to be taken by prifoners.

LV. Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That this ad (hall not extend, or be confirucd to extend, to difebarge any perfon out of prifon, (Seeking his or her difeharge under this ad, with refped to any debt or penalty with which he or (he (hall (land charged at the fuit of the crown, or at the fuit of any iheriff or other pubkek officer, upon any bail bond entered into for the appearance of any perfon profecuted for any offence committed againft any ad or ads of parliament relative to his Majefty’s revenues of cuftoms, excife, or (alt duties, or either of them.

LVI. Provided alfo, Thar thisad (hall not extend to difeharge any perfon out of prifon, feeking his Or her difeharge under this ad, who (hal! be charged in eviffody by any body politick or corporate, or by any one perfon, on or before the (aid twenty-eighth day of January, onethoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, in any turn exceeding tlte fowi of one thoufand pounds, betides intereft and cofts, and whofe difeharge (hall be in court

oppofed

Digitized by LjOO<

1778.] Anno decimo oftaro GeoRGII III. c.51*	107

oppofed by fuch body politick or corporate, or one perfon;

(except fuch perfon or perfons who (hall hive been bound in Exception, lecurity for any other perfon or perfons to a larger amount, and it thall appear, to the fatisfadtion of the court, that fuch perfon or perfons fo bound, or giving, or joining in, fuch fecurity, hath or have not received, or applied to hisy her, or their own proper and feparate ufe or benefit, any part of the fum or fums of money fo due and owing as aforeiatd j and alfo except fuch perfon or perfons who nt>w is or are, and was or were, prifoner or pri-foners in the aCtual cuftody of any gaoler or kcepei of any pri-fon in tnis kingdom refpcCtivcly, at the time of paffing the late a6k for relief of infolvent debtors, and who was or were deprived taking or receiving the benefit of the faid ad, arifing from their debt or debts to any one creditor exceeding the fum of one thoufand pounds as aforefaid;'provided fuch debt or debts due to any one creditor do not exceed the fum of one thoufand five hundred pounds, befides intereft and cofts:) and if any fuch Creditors op-body politick or corporate, creditor or creditors, to whom a fum pofing pnfon-exceeding one thoufand pounds (hall be owing, (hall oppofe the ^ ^Uow hii*** difeharge of fuch prifoner, (except as aforefaid,) and (hall iofift J8. 66. per that fuch prifoner be continued in gaol; that then, and in fuch week* cafe, fuch body politick or corporate, or creditor or creditors, opposing the faid prifoner’s difeharge as aforefaid, (hall, at his, her, or their proper cods and charges, allow and pay, in the whole, fuch a weekly maintenance to the faid prifoner, not exceeding four (hillings, nor lefs than three (hillings and (iypence per week, in fuch manner as the faid juftices, in their genera! quarter feflion, or adjournment thereof, (hall order; and, upon and on non. nonpayment of the fame for the fpace of fourteen days, the faid paym^t tor prifoner, upon application to the faid jutyices in the.r general or weeks, quarter feflion, held as aforefaid, (hall be difeharged, purfuant to Sifcharged. the intent and meaning of this a<5t.

LVII. And whereas^ under fotmer atis, rreditors bdve bun put Dctermina-to gnat expends and trouble in at finding every feffion and adjourn-ment, during the whole continuance of the a£i% to oppofe tho difeharge rcf^£ of prifoners clearly excluded from any benefit under the fend refpo&ive to the reten-adts, hut who% after having been before one feffion heard, and refufed tion of any a difeharge, to hart ofs their creditors, confiantly gavefrtfb notices for Pritoncri each fuhjequent feffion and adjournment of their intended application to be difeharged; to remedy which, be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes whatever, the determination of the juftices in feflion or adjournment (hall be final to all intents and purpofes., unlefs the prifoner (half, during the conti- unlefsthepri-nuance of this a<5t, get rid of the objection or objections for fonerget rid which they refufed his difeharge; and, that the fame may be oftheobjec. clear and certain, the juftices are hereby required to ftate the objections why fuch prifoner’s difeharge is refuted by them; and, hit difeharge. in all cafes whatever, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the . juftices, at any fubfequeot feflion or adjournment, upon applica- pro^y^o tion from the prifoner, upon due proof on oath made to them, witnefles of by tw^prmore credible witnefles, (which oath |hcy ate hereby objeftiom be-

jm* wgTemovtd#

Digitized by Google

etc. may difcharge fuch prifoner.

io8	Anno	dccimo o&avo Georoii III. c. 5L [177&.

impowered to adminirter,) of each objedSon or objections being removed, and on proof of notice ferved, at leaft ten days pre- * vious to fuch application, on the creditor or creditors who before oppofed his difcharge, and of notice likewife inferted in the Gazeitey in manner before directed by this aCt, to order fuch prifoner'to be brought before them, and, if they (hall then be of opinion the faid priloner is intitled to the benefit of this aCt, to order him to bo difcharged, he taking tfie oath, and in all other refpeCts conforming to the directions of this aCt.

LVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted, That when any creditor mall intend to oppofe the difcharge of any debtor with whofe debt he is charged in cuftody, at the firft quarter feifions of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, he is hereby required to give four days notice of his intention to oppofe fuch difcharge to the prifoner, or to leave fuch nptice in writing with the keeper or gaoler of fuch prifon, in order that fuch prifoner may be prepared to make his defences and in cafe no fuch notice (hall be given as aforefaid, previous to fuch quarter feffionsror fuch adjournment thereof, and fuch creditor (hall appear to oppofe his difcharge, and it (hall happen that the prifoner is remanded, then fuch creditor (hallway to fuch debtor the expences of his application 2nd attendance, in any fum not exceeding ten pounds, as the juftices at fuch fefiions (hall djre& and allow.

LIX. Provided always. That every fugitive or fugitives, in-titled, or to be intitled, to the benefit of this aCt, (hall obtain their refpedtive difcharges on or before the firft day of Oftcber% one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, or (hall be excluded from all benefit of this aCt.

LX. And whereas it may happen that feverol perfons, who may claim and be intitled to the benefit of this a fly are feifed of an efiate tally in fome freehold or copyhold lands, tenementj, qr. hereditaments, which entaily with the ren*ainders thereupon expeftanty they havey by lawy power to defeat and bar9 either by levying afine or fines, fuffering a common recovery or common recoveries, or by Jurrender or Jurrenders thereofy whereby fuch perfon or perfons faid freehold or copyhold lands, tenementsy or hereditamentSy would be liable to the payment of their debtSy and be delivered up% according to the terms of this afty for the benefit of their creditors \ be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That in every fuch cafe, fuch perfon or perfons fo feized as aforefaid, and who (hall be intitled to, and claim the benefit of this adt, (hall, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be feifed of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fee : provided the fame (hall be delivered up to the creditor or creditors of every fuch prifoner, in the fame manner as if fuch perfon or perfons had actually levied a fine, fuffered a common recovery or recoveries, or made a furrender or furrenders thereof, and thereby had become feized in fee 5 any law, or conftrudtion of law, to the'contrary thereof, in any^wife notwithftanding. Aflignefstnay LXL And whereas many perfons who may take the benefit of this apply for fur*	at

Creditor intending to oppofe tbe difcharge of a prifoner, to

§ive him four ay« notice thereof.

or pay the expences of his application, etc.

No fugitive to obtain a difcharge after O t\. 1,1780.

Perfons feifed of an eftate tail* claiming the benefit of this alt, are to deliver up the jfame to creditors.

Digitized by

Google

Annedetimo oftavo Georgii III. c.52.,	109

have been gr/at dealers, or otherwife engaged in large tranfac- ther examina-tions, whereby they may be intituled to fundry and great debts and	touch

demands, of various and intricate natures, and they may be intitled to	th'c dlfcoJ

equities of redemption of efiaies, Jubjefi and liable to mortgages,judge- very of their ments, and other incumbrances, or to reverfions, remaindersy!or other effetts ,* contingent ejlates in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to other trujls or interefis in efiaies, both real and perfonal, which may not be Juffiiiently deferibed or difeovered in the fchedule, or inventory, before directed to be delivered in, upon oath, as aforefaid, or which may want his aid or affifiance to adjujl, make out, recover, or manage, for the benefit of the creditors: be it therefore enabled by the autho-	v

rhy aforeiaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the refpedlive afligneesof the eftate and effedts of fuch prifoner or prifoners who (hall obtain his, her, or their dilcharge, in pur-fuance of this a£t, or an/ other perfon or perfons duly authored by them for that purpofe, from time to time, to apply to any two or more of the juflices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, where fuch perfon-or perfons (hall be then redding, thereby defiring that fuch perfon or perfons may be further examined as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their eftate or efFe&s; whereupon and juftice* fuch juftices (hall fend for, or call before them, fuch perfon or mav (end for perfons, by fuch warrant, fummons, way>, or means, as they exanu"|c fhall think fit; and, upon fuch perfon’s appearing, (hall examine ingty.aCC° him, her, or them, as well upon oath as otherwife, as to fuch matters and things, as fuch affignee (hall defire, relating to the eftate and effeds of fuch perfon or perfons; and if any perfon or perfons (on payment, or tender of payment, of fuch reafonable Perfon* refu-charges as fuch juftices (hall judge fufficient) (hall negled or ^pp'ar* refute to come and appear, not having a lawful excufe, to be onoathfmay made known to (uch juftices, and by them allowed, or, being be committed, come before them, (hall refufe to be fworn, or to anfwer to all fuch queftions as by fuch juftices (hall be put to him, her, or thebi, relating to the difeovery of his, her, or their eftate or effects, fo vefted, or intended to be vefted, in fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a&ing as clerk of the peace, or in fuch aflignpes as aforefaid, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftices, by warrant under their hands and feals, to apprehend fuch perfon or perfons fo offending as aforefaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until fuch time as he, (he, or they, (hall fubmit him, her, or themfelves, to fuch juftices, and anfwer upon oath to all fuch lawful queftions as (hall, by fuch juftices, be put to him, her, or them, for the purpofes aforefaid.	per	cent.

LXII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefcid, Silvering That all and every fuch perfon and perfons, who (hall, within wjthin twelve twelve months after the dilcharge or fuch prifoner or prifoners, month*, any voluntarily come in and make a difeovery of any part of fuch Part ®f a Pri-debtor or debtors real or perfonal eftate, as (hall not be com~ not coin rifed prifed in fitch fchedule as aforefaid, before any juftices aforefaid, fche-

1	.	lhall	dule.

Digitized by (^ooQ le

i to	Anno	derimo	o&avo	GeoRGII	Iff.	c.52.	{177$;

DifoJiarge obtained fraudii' kmly, void.

Perfons concealing any citate or effects of the prifoner, forfeit 100I and double value, witn treble colts of luit.

(hall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per tentum, out of the net produce of fuch debtor or debtors’ eftate which (hall be recovered on fuch difeovery, and which (hall be paid to fuch perlon or perfons fo difeovering the fame, by the affignee or af— lignecs of fuch prifoner’s eftate and effects.

LXI1I Provided always, and be it enacted, That'notwith-ftandng the difeharge of any prifoner or prifoners by virtue of this a&, if it lhall hereafter appear the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any part of the oath taken#by any fuch prifoner was not true; then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch difeharge (hall.be void, and of none effedh

LXIV. And,, for the bettir difeovery of the eftate and effetts of any prifoner who Jhall be difeharged by virtue of this afl* be it enacted by the authority aforefeid, That any perfon or perfons who (hall have accepted of any truft or trufts, and (hall wilfqlly conceal or protect any eftate, real or perfonal, of any fuch prifoner, from his creditors, and (hall not* within thirty days after any affignee or afiignees fhall, in purfaance of this a&, be chofe of any fuch prifoner’s eftate, difeover and difclofe to fuch affignee or afiignees fuch truft and eftate, in writing, and deliver up or make over the fame to fuch affignee or afiignees, he, (he, or they, lo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and alfo double the value of the eftate, either real or perfonal, fo concealed, to and for the life of the creditors of any fuch prifoner •, to be recovered by a&ion of debt, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeftminJier, in the name or names of the affignee or afiignees of fuch prifoner’s eftate, together with treble cofts of fuit.

Affignres, content of tUe majority in vnlue of the creditors, may compound for debts due to the prifoner** eftate i

and may fub mit any dif-

f»ute relating hereto to arbitration }

LX V. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall be lawful, at ail times hereafter, for any affignee or afiignees of the eftate or effe&s of any prifoner or prifoners, who (haTl be chofe in purfuance of this a£t, by and with the confent of the major part in value of fuch prifoner or prifoners’ creditors, who (hall be prefent at a meeting, to be held on twenty-one days publick notice being previoufly given, for the purpole hereafter mentioned, in the London Gazette* if the prifoner was incuftody in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, and if not, then alfo in feme newfpaper which (hall be publifhed in the county, city, or place, in or near which any fuch perfon (hall have been in gaol, to make compofition with any perfon or perfons, debtors, or accountants, to fuch prifoner or prifoners, where the fame (hall appear neceffary or reafonable; and to take fuch reafonable part of any fuch debt as can, upon fuch com-po fit ion, be gotten in foil difeharge of fuch debts and accounts, and alfo to fubmit any difference or difpute between fuch atfl-gnee or afiignees, and any perfon or perfons, for or on account, or by reafon or means of any matter, caufe, or thing relating to foch prifoner or prifoners’ eftate and effic&s, or to any debt dr debts due, or claimed to be due, to or from fuch prifoner or prifoners, to the final end and determination of arbitrators, to be Ghofen by the ftud affignee or afiignees, and the major pert in

value

Digitized by

1778.} Anno deeimo o&avo Georgii HI. c. 52.	111

value of fuch creditors, and the party or parties with whom they (hall have m difference 5 and to perform the award of fuch arbitrators, or of any umpire to be chofen by them, or otherwife jro fettle and agree the matters in difference or difpute between them, in fuch manner as the faid affignee oraffignees, with fuch confent as aforefaid, (hall think fit and can agree; and the fame (hall be binding to all the creditors of fuch prifoner or prifoners; and every fuch affignee or aflignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they (half fairly do in the premifes, in purfuance of this ad.

LX VI. And whereas frovifion ought to he made as to what Jhould If aflignee* become of tlx ejlate and effcQs of any prifoner or prifoners, fugitive	uhC

or fugitives, not got in, obtained, or recovered, by any affignee or af* 1^^°, fignees cbofe purfuant to the directions of the ftveral afls, at the time g0t in, and of his or their death or deaths, and wbofe heir or heirs, executors, their heiri, adminiftrators, and offigns, rcfifed to aft or meddle therein ; to ej£* refufc te remedy which, be it enaded, That in all fuch cafes, it (hall and	££

may be lawful to and for the creditors of every fuch prifoner or appointed^ prifoners, fugitive or fugitives, to chufc a new aflignee or af-fignees in manner and form as herein-before is directed, and to and creditors obtain a new alignment from the clerk of the peace, or his de- to obtain a puty, town clerk, or other officer ading as clerk of the peace, J^tVom the purfuant to the order of the juftices, and which faid order the clerk of tfte faid juftices are hereby required and unpowered to dired, (on peace, which due proof on oath being made to them of the death of fuch tor- thc *a mer affignee or aflignees, arid refufal of his or their heirs, execu- arc t0 tors, adminiftrators, or afligns, to a d or meddle therein); and Clerk of the the faid derk of the peace, or his deputy, tovyn clerk, or other P«»ce to°bey officer ading as derk of the peace, are hereby impowered to [fnoaffign-* obey the feme, and execute foch affignment accordingly, in ment had bees manner and form as if no former affignment had ever been made, made; the faid aflignee or aflignees, clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer ading as clerk of the peace, hereby conforming to all orders and dirodions made by this ad relative to them, or any of them; and to be liable to all fuch pains and penalties as are infli&ed on them, or any of them, by virtue of this ad, for difobedience in any part thereof, or negled of duty whatever 5 and m cafe any fuch affignee or affignees (nail die, and bis heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, (hall refixfe to ad, that then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for fuch juftices of the peace to appoint a new affignee or afli|neesv with the like powers and authorities as are given by this ad; and the faid juft ices (hall have power, in a fummary way, to oblige the heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, of fuch affignee or aflignees, to account apd deliver up all fuch eftate and eflfeds as (nail remain in his or their hands, to be applied for the purpofes of this ad.

LX VII. And% to the intent and purpofe that the tfiate and effects Aflignees of fuch prifoner or prtfontrs as /hall be difebarged by virtue of this Sp ad may be duly and faithfully applied for the benefit of his, her, or Efficiency, their real creditors) be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That fraud, mif*

it

Digitized by

Google

management, or other mif-bchaviourj

the court thereupon is to futnenon

think, fit*

in	Anno	decimo o&avo Georgii III. C.52. [177$*

it (hall and may be lawful to an«i for the refpeflive courts at WeJimirjJler^ and the courts of great feffions in Waks^ and the principality of Chejier% and the counties palatine of Lancafler and Durham, refpeflively, from whence any procefs iffued upon which any fuch prifoner or prifoners was or were committed ; or where the procefs iffued out of any other court to and for the judges of the court of King’s bench, common pleas, and ex-> chequer, or of great feflions aforefaid, within their refpe&ive jurifdidions, or any one of them, from time to time, upon the petition of any fuch prifoner, or the creditor or creditors of fuch prifoner or prifoners, complaining of any infufficiency, fraud, miimanagemenr, or other milbehaviour of any affignee or affignees of the eftate or effedls of any fuch prifoner or prifoners, to fummon all parties concerned, and, upon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and give fuch orders and directions therein, either for the removal or difplacing fuch affignee or af-Lud makeluch ^Snees> ancJ appointing any new affignee or affignees in the 01 tiers therein place or dead of fuch affignee or affignees fo to be removed or as tney (hall difplaced, or for the prudent, juft, or equitable management or diftribution of the eftate and effedts o£any fuch prifoner for the benefit ot the refpediive creditors, as the faid courts or judges refpedtively (hall think fit; and in cafe of the removal or difplacing of any affignee or affignees, and the appointing of any new affignee or affignees, the eftate or effedts of fuch prifoner or prifoners (hall, from thenceforth, be diverted out of the affignee or a,ffignees fo removed or difplaced, and be verted in, and delivered over to, fuch new affignee or affignees, in the fame manner, and for the fame intents and purpofes, as the fame were before veiled in the affignee or affignees firft chofe as aforefaid ; any thing in this acl contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LX VIII. Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That in all calcs where mutual credit hath been given between any prifoner or prifoners. who (hall be difeharged in purfuance of this adl, and any other perfon or perfons, or body politick or corporate, before the delivery of fuch fchedule or inventory of the eftate and efFedts of fuch prifoner or prifoners, upon oath as aforefaid, the refpediive affignee and affignees of fuch prifoner or prifoners is and are hereby authorifed and required, on his and their parts, to (late and allow an account between them and the other party or parties concerned; and nothing more (hall be deemed to be veiled in fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adttng as clerk of the peace, or fuch affignee or affignees under fuch clerk of the peace, town t clerk, or other officer adling as clerk of the peace, as the eftate or effedls of fuch prifoner or prifoners, than what (hall appear to he juftly due to him, her, or them refpedlively, as and for the balance of luch account, when truly dated.

Perfons com- LXIX. And whereas many perfons are often committed on attach-mitted for not ments contempts, for not paying money awarded to be paid under a^rd^ecTun^ fubmijjions to arbitrators by rules of courts or under fubmijjions to ar~ der fubmif-	titration bonds >	and which fubmijjions have been made rules of court,

in

Where mutual credit his been

fiven,the ahnee to he ft a ted and allowed.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1778.] Anno decimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 52.	113

in purfuance of an at1 faffed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign ^ons toaibi-oj William the Third, for determining differences of arbitration; and trat,on * iikewife for not paying of cojls duly and regularly taxed and allowed and for not by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that purpofe \ and P*y»ng cotti* eiljo upon any writ of Excommunicato Capiendo* or other procefs etc'

Tor, or grounded on, the nonpayment of cojls or expences in any caufe or proceeding in any eccleftjlual court, or for any contempt to fuch court, it is hereby declared and enaded, That all fuch perfons are intitled tc* arc and (hall be intitled to the benefit of this ad, on and fubjed th? benefit of to the fame terms' and conditions as are herein exprefled and lh,sa«* declared with refped to prifoners for debt only.

LXX. And whereas great numbers of people have been and are now imprifoned for debt, upon proceffes ijfuing out of courts of con-Jctence\ it is hereby enaded and declared. That all fuch prifon- Pdfonersup-ers lhall be intitled to have the benefit of this ad, and be dif- of coumof ° charged under the fame, provided he, (he, or they, conform to confcience. to the dircdions herein-before prescribed, touching other prifoners have the bene-who fhall be difeharged by virtue of this ad.	fit ot thw

LXXI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Quaker's af-That in all cafes wherein by this ad an oath is required, the fo- ,fii mation to letnn affirmation of any perfon, being a quaker, (hall and may	" m 1

be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every perfon mak-	ta

ing fuch affirmation, who (hall be convided of wilful and falfe affirming, (hall incur and fuffer fuch and the fame penalties as are inflided and impofed by this ad upon perfons convided of wilful and corrupt perjury.	*

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the Perfon« who authority aforefaid. That no perfon who (hall have taken the benefit cfany benefit of any ad heretofore pafled for the relief of infolvent infolvenr ad debtors, within the fpace of ten years lad pad, fhall have or re- within ten ceive any benefit or advantage of or under this ad, nor be deem- y,ca!,*1ctx' ed to be within tfie intent and meaning thereof, fo as to be dif- lh“t *3 iroin . charged under the fame; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithdanding; unlefs fuch perfon (hall be will- Exception, ing to Serve, and (hall adually enter himfelf to Serve on board fome one of his Majedy’s (hips of war for the term of Seven years, or (hall inlid as a Soldier in fome of his Majedy’s land forces for the term of three years.

LXXIII. And be it further enaded. That when any prifoner, Prisoners who who may have taken the benefit of any infolvent ad within the rav^,*akc? fpace of ten years lad pad, (half under this ad apply for his dif- ^ charge, every fuch prifoner (hall produce to the court (to which ply for dif-he (hall make application for fuch difcharge) a certificate in change under writing, figned by an officer properly authorised to engage or lhlsto enlid irien for his Majedy’s fea or land Service [as the cafe may SourtTwi* beJ, Setting forth that he was on the	day	of	ficate, figned

[infers the date] engaged or inlided [as the by a proper cafe may be] to Serve as a mariner or foldier in his Majedy’s fea °.®ccr» r*f-pr land Service for the term of	which certificate ^are in-

(hall be atteded by one or more credible witnefs or witnefles; lifod ro Serve and in cafe fuch certificate (hall not be produced, or (hall not bis Majtfly Vol. XXXII.	I	. be «c.

Digitized by v^ooQie

Anno decimo o&avo Geokgii III, C. 52. f 1778.

be properly authenticated in manner aforefaid, to the fatisfa&ion of the juftices before whom any fuch prifoner (hall be brought* he (hall be remanded back to the prifon from whence he came* there to remain till he (hall have fully complied with the directions aforefaid, or (hall by other legal means fooner obtain his difcharge.

LXXIV. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enafted, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

LXX V. And whereas bankrupts who1 have net obtained their certificates and difcharge of their debts, under [ome one of the afls relating to bankrupts, have not been deemed to be within the meaning of abts of infolvency, as fuch bankrupts have no fchedules tq deliver up according to the terms and conditions of fuch aQs; never tkclefs, as charge of their many bankrupts are confined in prifon for debt only, though they have debt*.	already	delivered	up	their	whole	efiates and effefls, or, from a fear of

being arrefted and thrown into prifon, are frequently induced to ab-fcond from their homes, and go into foreign parts: be it further en-afted by the authority aforefaid. That fuch perfon or perfons* againft whom a commiflion of bankruptcy hath been awarded and iflued on or before the twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, or who (hall have been really an aftual prifoner or prifoners, in the cuftody of any gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any prifon refpeftively, on or before the twenty-eighth day of January, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-cight, and againft whom a commiflion of bankruptcy (hall have fince been awarded and iflued, and'who hath or have duly conformed, or (hall duly conform, him, her, or themfelves to the feveral afts of parliament relating to bankrupts, and hath not or have not been committed to any prifon by a warrant of the commiflioners in fuch commiflion named, . for contumacy or noncompliance to thofe laws, and who now is or are in prifon for debt, damages, contempt, cofts of fuir, or any fum or fums of money due and accrued previous to fuch commiflion, or who now arefecreting themfelves in fear of their creditors; and (hall be hereafter fued, arrefted, or held to bail* or (hall furrender him, her, or themfelves, or be furrendered, in difcharge of his, her, or their bail, or taken in execution in any fuit or aftion for any fuch debt or debts as aforefaid, (hall and may apply to any one of the judges of the court wherein fuch pro-cefs or procefles hath or have iflued, to fummon his, her, or their plaintiff or plaintiffs, to (hew caufe/why fuch bankrupt oc bankrupts (hould not be difeharged from his, her, or their imprifon-ment, or arreft as aforefaid, fuch bankrupt or bankrupts firft making oath before fuch judge, (or if at a diftance from fuch judge, then before a juftice of the peace), who is hereby author rifed to adminifter fuch oath, that fuch debt or debts did accrue

Previous to the iffuing fuch commiflion; and fuch bankrupt or ankrupts making it appear to the fatisfaftion of fuch court or judge, that be or they nath or have made a full difclofure of hia or their eftdte or effefts, and delivered up the fame; and fuch o	-	plaintiff

IH

This aft not to extend to Scotland.

Claufe of relief for bank-rupts, who have not obtained certificates and dif-

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1778.] Anno decimo odtavo GeoRGII III. c. 52.	115

plaintiff or plaintiffs not appearing, or not proving that fuch bankrupt or bankrupts hath or have concealed any part of his, her, or their eftate or effefls; and fuch bankrupt or bankrupts making it appear that he or they hath or have duly conformed him, her, or themfelves, to the laws now in force againft bankrupts, fuch judge (hall and may difcharge fuch bankrupt or bankrupts from fuch imprifonment or arreft as aforcfaid; unlefs it (hair appear that fuch com million was fraudulently obtained ; fuch bankrupt or bankrupts cauiing a common appearance to be entered for him, her, or them, where neceffary, in every fuch fuit or adlion ; and if any fuch bankrupt or bankrupts (hall be afterwards again fued and arrefted, or taken in execution, or imprifoned, in any fuit or action, for fuch debt or debts; previous to fuch commiffion a& a fore fa id, any judge of the court wherein fuch procefs iffued (hall, upon fummons of the proper party or parties, immediately difcharge fuch bankrupt or bank- -ruptsfrom fuch arreft or imprifonment; neverthelefs fuch bankrupt or bankrupts (hall, in all other refpedls, be deemed fubjedl to the laws in force againft bankrupts; and every fheriff and (heriffs, bailiff and officer, gaoler and keeper of a prifon, is and are hereby required, on proper notice being given of fuch judge’s difcharge, to releafe and fet free fuch bankrupt or bankrupts out of his or their cuftodv, and each and every of them is and are hereby indemnified from any adlion or adtions that may be brought, commenced, or profecuted againft him or them, for any efcape for or on account thereof.

LXXVI. And whereas many bankrupts, having in all refpcBs Claufc with JlriCtly conformed themfelves to the directions ef the bankrupt lawst refpeft to have, notwitbjlanding, been unable to obtain their certificates, and ^o^havecon-havey on that account, been difeouragedfrom exerting their indufiry in formed them" the purfuit of their feveral occupations; either living in the moji felves to the unhappy and diflrejfed fituation at home, or feeking relief in foreign bankrupt countries, where they can earn and fecure to themfelves the profit of an ^aw*1 induflrious application to bufinefs; fome of whom have carried with them the arts» manufactures, and commerce of this country, to the great prejudice thereof: and whereas fome relief given in juch parti-cular cafe}y might prevent the evils arifmg to the publiek9 and be an encouragement for fuch individuals to follow their different occupations at borne; be it enadted. That any perfon or perfons againft whom a commiffion of bankruptcy hath been awarded and iffued, on or before the twenty-eighth day of January 9 one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and who bath or have in all things conformed to the feveral adts now in force concerning bankrupts, by his, her, or their furrender and fubmiffion thereto, and who (hall not have been committed for any adt of contumacy or nonconformity, yet who hath not or have not gained * a total difcharge from his, her, or their creditors, of his, her, or their debts, arifing or accruing previous to fuch commiffion, for want of their certificate, (hall have liberty, after the expiration of twelve calendar months from the day of the date of every fuch commiffion relpc&ively, to petition or to apply, by motion of

12	court.

Digiti: _ L,ooQle

114	A'nn6	decimo	oftavo	Georgii	III.	c.52. [1778-

court, to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiflion-ers for the tiirie being, fetting forth the true circumftance of the cafe relative to fuch commimon and certificate; and the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiflioners as aforefaid, fhall .have ppwer and authority to dire<51 and order the afting commiflioners in the refpedtive commiflions named, to certify to the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiflioners,

‘ the conformity or nonconformity of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, and fuch other matter as to them fhall feem neceflary concerning the fame (the faid a&ing commiflioners being hereby au-Lordchan- thorifed and required fo to do); and the lord chancellor, lord im^weredto	or *or<^s commiflioners, as aforefaid, (hall thereupon

altow fuch have power and authority, if he or they fhall fo think fit, to dibankrupts' reft and order an advertisement to be inferted in the London Ga~ certificates, zctte9 for the allowance of fuch bankrupt’s certificate, (although

fiened'b* "0t tllc *zmc not aPPear to ^avc l>cen figned or confented to by fmir fifths of four-fifths in number and value of the faid bankrupt’s creditors, their credi-	agreeable to the laws now in being), in the fame manner and

tor**	form as if the faid certificate had been figned as aforefaid ; and

in cafe no fufficient caufe fhall be (hewn to the contrary within the time limited by the faid advertifement, the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiflioners, as aforefaid, fhall have power and authority to allow fuch bankrupt’s certificate, it% the like manner as if the fame had been figned agreeable to the laws now in being, and grant or make fuch other order thereupon, for the relief and difeharge of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts *’	from his, her, or their debts as aforefaid, or otherwife, as to.the

lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiflioners, fhall feem proper; which certificate, if fo allowed, fhall be as full and effectual, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been duly obtained and allowed agreeable to the directions of the feveral laws now in force concerning bankrupts; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

No perfon to LXXVII. Provided always, and be it enaCted, That no fuch receive any bankrupt or prifoner, who knowingly or defignedly, by falfe pretences, fhall have obtained from any perfon or by falfe ore-* PCff°ns money, goods, wares, merchandifes, bonds, bills of ex-tcnees, have change, promiffory notes, or other fecurities for money, fhall obtained mo- have or receive any benefit or difeharge by or under this aCt; but ney, goods, the judge, the lord chancellor, lord keeper, lords commiflioners, bonds, etc. or juftjces at any general quarter feflions of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, before whom any fuch prifoner fhall be brought, upon due proof of the matter made to their fatisfa&ion, (hall remand fuch bankrupt or prifoner to the cuftody of the gaoler or keeper of the prifon from whence he or (he (ball have been brought; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

CAP.

Digitized by

ll7

1778.] Anno decimo odtavo Georgii III. c. 53.

C A P. LIII.

An aft jor the more eafy and better recruiting of bis Mayejifs land forces and marines.

WHEREAS, for recruiting bis Maje/ljs land forces and Preamble.

marines, it is necejfary that a new fupply of men be forthwith raifed, within the kingdom of Great Britain, by common conjent and grant in parliament; be it'therefore enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, .by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That within A levy of and throughout the fevcral and relpedive counties, (hires, •^"kodijed ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque-ports, parilhes, ™!|*}c0 towns, and places, of Great Britain, a fpeedy and effedual levy throughout of able-bodied men, to ferve his Majefty as foldiers, (hall be Great Britain, forthwith had, made, pradifed,and put in execution* according to the rules and directions of this prefent alt.

II.	And it is hereby further enaded, That the juftices of the Jufl5ccs °f peace of every county, (hire, ftewartry, riding, liberty, or place, ^oncnTof within Great Britain, and all and every the perfons who were the land tax, named, or otherwife appointed, to be commiftioners for putting and magii-in execution an ad of parliament, made and pafled at Wefiminjler, tratei. ™ cor~ in the fifteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (inti- {^g^“J0an tuled. An aft for granting an aid to bis Majejiy by a land tax, to be put tbit ad in raifed in Great Britain,/^ the fervice of the year one thoufand /even execution j hundred and feventy-ftve), or any fubfequent ad or ads of parliament for that purpofe, within the feveral and refpedive coun-ties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque-ports, towns, and places, therein particularly cxprefled, who are ftill living, and have duly qualified themfelves according to the faid ads, or (hall duly qualify themfelves according to this prefent ad, in that behalf, (hall be commiffioners for putting in execution this prefent ad, arid the powers therein contained, within and for the fame counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque-ports, towns, and places, of Great Britain, for which they were fo named or appointed refpedively; and that all and every the juftices of the peace, and magiftrates of corporations and burghs, in any part of Great Britain, who are or (hall be in any of his Majefty’s commifiions of the peace, or in the magiftracy of fuch corporation or burgh, at any time during the execution of this ad, who (hall duly qualify themfelves according to this prefent ad in that behalf (although not fpecially named or ap- „ pointed commiftioners by the faid ad), (hall be likewife com-mifiioners for putting in execution this prefent ad, and all the powers therein contained, within the limits of their commifiions and jurifdidions refpedively: all which commiftioners, bv this an<? ad intruded with the execution of the fame, are hereby ftridly Majefty'* f«r-enjoihed and required to ufe their utmoft care and diligence that vice be not

I 3	his	negle&ed.

Digitized by

Google

u8

Armo decimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 53. [1778.

his MajeftyY fervice, in making fuch levies as aforefaid, be not difappointed or negleAed.

III.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That the high (heriff of every county, or his deputy, immediately upon receiving notice for that purpofe from the fecretary at war, (hall fend precepts to the refpeAive bailiffs, or others who are ufually employed to fummon juries, although in liberties out of the ordinary jurifdiAion of the faid high (heriff, direAing them to fummon the feveral juftices of the peace, and commifiioners of the land tax, within their refpeAive divifions and liberties, to attend at the ufual place of meeting in every divifioo, upon a certain day in the faid precepts named, within the time limited by the fecretary at war, (notice of which day (hall be fent to the war-office and admiralty upon the iffuing of the precepts by ing to be fent the (heriff), to qualify themfelves for the execution of this a£* ; office* etc^ anc* ^ commifiioners ftall ihen and there appoint the feve-Comrniffion- ra* times and places for the fucceeding meetings in each of their tis to appoint refpeAive fubdivifions during the continuance of this aA; and the time* and the faid juftices of the peace, and com mi (boners of the land tax, Fucceedine16^ at ^cir meeting, or at fome other meeting to be held meeting*, and *s f°on as lt can be conveniently, (hall iflue their precepts to the, iflue precepts high conftables, headboroughs, or other proper officers, for the for that pur- refpeAive hundreds, lathes, rapes, wapentakes, or other fubdi* hieh confta- v,fi°ns» within the faid counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, or biei etc; * divifions, as aforefaid; which precept fhall contain an account *	of the times and places appointed for the fucceeding meetings,

and (hall be returnable on a day, therein to be named, within twenty days, and not lefs than fourteen days, from the time of iffuing thereof; and fuch high conftables, headboroughs, or other proper officers, are hereby required forthwith to fignify the times and places appointed for fuch meetings to the feveral and to give commifiioners refiding within their refpeAive diftriAs; and the to fuch mU^ ^ commifiioners affembled at fuch firft meeting to qualify tary officers themfelves as aforefaid, (hall alfo give notice of the time and •* ffiail attend place of all and every fucceeding meeting, to be appointed as tbit fervice. aforefaid, to the military officer whom they (hall have learned, by notice frQm the fecretary at war, to be direAed to attend this fervice.

Sheriffs to be IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enaAed, That all rea-exocncet^n- ^ona^c charges or expences incurred by any (heriff or deputy curred in the	m	*hc	execution of this aA, (hall be allowed in the ac-

executionof counts of fuch (heriff at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, this aA.	V. And^ for the encouragement of fit and able per font voluntarily

Every perfon t° tnter tnt0 Majejiy's fervice, be it enaAed, That every fuch voluntarily in- perfon who (hall, on or before the firft day of May, one thou* lifting himfelf, (and feven hundred and feventy-nine, voluntarily enter himfelf Iwuiltv-10®-1 *nto k'ls Maiefty’s fervice, before the faid commifiioners, at their ney# -m - firft or any fublequent meeting, (hall, by warrant of any three or more of the faid pommiflioners, receive the fum of three pounds out of the* money of the land tax, arifen or to arife in the years one thoufand feven hundred and fevenry-fevea, and one thousand

High (heriff*, etc. upon notice from the fecretary at war, to iffue Precept* for fummoniog the commil-(ioners to meet, and quality them-lelve*.

Notice of the

Digitized by

Google

*77&*] Anno dccimo oftavo GeORGH III. c. 53.

find fcvcn hundred and feventy-eight, or either of them, then iTeing in the hands of any receiver-general, or of any colledor thereof, within the county or place for which the faid commiffioners are appointed; and thereupon the commiffioners then prefent, or any three of them, (hall forthwith caufe fuch volunteers to be delivered to the officers appointed to receive them ; smd (hall caufe an entry to be made, in fome book to be kept \>y the faid commiiTioners, or fuch clerk as they (hall appoint, of the names of fuch volunteers, and of the parilhes or places of their laft abode (if they can be known), and of the time and place when and where they did fo enter themfelves, and of the iums pak) to them, and by whom fuch payments were made, and of the names of the officers or perfons who received fuch volunteers, and for what regiment or company they were received ; and (hall caufe true copies or duplicates of fuch entries, attefted by three or more of the faid commiffioners then prefent, within forty days after the delivery of fuefr volunteers, to be tranfmitted into the office of his Majefty’s fecretary at war for the time bing, to be compared with the mufter-rolls.

VI.	And it is hereby declared. That the pay of *very fuch volunteer lhall commence from the time that he (hall fo enter himfelf into his Majefty’s fervice; and that every fuch volunteer, after he (hall have continued in the military fervice of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, during the fpace of three years, (hall be at liberty (if he think fit) to demand hrs dif-charge from the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment or company to which he (hall belong, (unlcfs the nation (hall be then engaged in a war, and in that cafe fuch volunteer (hall remain in fervice during the continuance of wai); and fuch difebarge (hall be granted to him gratis, in writing, under the hand of fuch colonel or commanding officer, who is hereby impowered and required to give the fame accordingly, on pain of fuffering the penalties ufually inflided for difobedience to orders; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.	And it is hereby further enaded, That the warrants by this ad directed to be iflued by the faid commiffioners for the encouragement of volunteers as aforefaid, (hail be fatisfied by (iuch receivers or colledors as aforefaid, to whom fuch warrants dull be direded, without any abatement for fees, gratuities, charges, poundage,or any other pretence whatfoever, and (hall be allowed upon their accounts; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding; and the faid receivers general, and their re-foedive deputies, and the faid colledors of the land tax money, or any of them, upon the fummons of the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, (frail attend at the faid meetings for receiving volunteers as aforefaid, and duly pay to the faid volunteers the rewards preferibed by this ad, as they will anfwer at their peril any delay or obftrudion to his Majefty's fervice which may happen by their defaults.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That it (hall

14	be

119

Volunteers to be delivered over to the military officers; and an entry to be made of their names, placet of abode, etc.

Duplicates of entries to be tranfmitted to the war-office.

Volunteers to receive pay from the time of their entering;

and to be di recharged at the end of 3 years, or of the war, if they demand it.

Warrants for

bounty money to be paid without any dedu&ion.

Receivert-ge-neral, and colledors, to attend meetings of commiflioners, and pay the bounty.

40 s. of every 31. paid out of

Digitized by

120	Anno decimo oftavo Gecrgii 111. C. 53. £1778•

the land tax, be lawful for the lord high treafurer, or commiffioners of the

!ntoCthePexd trcafuiy f°r l*lc ^me be,ng*to cauk forty (hillings of every three cnequer by pounds of the money which (hall be fupplied out of the land tbepaymatters tax money for the years one thoufand (even hundred and feven-ot tue loices. ty-feven, and one thoufand feven hundred and l’eveniy-eight, or either of them, for payment of the encouragements aforefaid, to be repaid into his Majefty’s exchequer, by the refpe&ive pay-mafters of his Majefty’s forces, out of fuch money as they (hall receive for the faid forces, to make good the refpeefive credits on the faid land taxes, and to be applied to the fatisfa&ion of fuch principal and intereft (if any) as (hall be remaining thereupon. Commiflion- IX. And it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforc-erkimpowered That the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of Maas are	them, in their refpe&ive places or ftations, (hall be, and arc

herein de-	hereby authorifed and impowered to raife and levy, and to caufe

(bribed |	to be raifed and levied, at any time or times during the conti-

nuance of this ad, within their feveral limits and jurifdidions, all able bodied idle and diforderly perfons, who cannot, upon examination, prove themfelves to exercife and induftriouily follow fome lawful trade or employment, or to have fome fubftance ^ fufficient for their fupport and maintenance, to ferve his Ma-in jefty as foldiers; and to require and command all and every the o^panVand high conftables, churchwardens, overfeers of the poor, petty town officers $ conftables, headboroughs, and tythingmen, and other parifh and toiHrn officers, or any of them, within their refpedive limits , and jurifdidions, to be aiding and affifting to them the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, in the perform-and to meet ance of this his Majefty’s fervice j and for that purpofe the faid In their fub- commiffioners, or any three of them, are to meet in their re-Qivuions, fpedive fubdivifions, according to the appointment of the juftices and iflfue ge- and commiflfoners as aforefaid, and to iftue out their warrants, aramntafor unc*cr their hands and feals, thereby requiring and commanding bringing be- fo°h churchwardens, overfeers of the poor, petty conftables, fore them, at headboroughs, tythingmen, or other parifh or town officers, or their fecond elfe requiring and commanding the faid high conftables to iffue fubdivifion their preccpts to fuch churchwardens, overfeers, petty confta-peHonFwithin hies, headboroughs, tythingmen, and other parifh and town thedefeription officers as aforefaid, every or any of them, to make, or caufe to of this ait. be made, a general fearch within their refpedive parifhes, town-(hips, conftablewicks, or other places, for all fuch perfons as they can find, who are or (hall appear to them to be within the defeription of this ad, and to bring all fuch perfons before the '	commiffioners who have power to execute this ad in and for

fuch county, (hire, ftewartry, riding, or divifion, at fuch time and place as (hall have been appointed, by the juftices and commiffioners as aforefaid, for the fecond meeting of the faid commiffioners, in their refpedive fubdivifions, which time and place Subfrquent (hall be prefixed in the faid warrants and precepts refpe&ively ; meetings to be anc{ afterwards the faid commiffioners, within their refpedive andpiaceTat hmits an<* d»vifions, Hiall meet at fuch convenient time or times ihail be as they (hall think fit, in order to UTue their like warrants or thought fit.	pre-

Digitized by ^ ooQle

1778.] Anno decimo oftavo GeoRGII III. c.53.

precepts for making general fearches for perfons within the faid defcription, and for bringing them before the commiflioners at any future times and places appointed by the juftices and com-mifiioners as aforefaid, during the continuance of this aft.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, in their refpeftive places or (Unions, (nail be, and are hereby authorifed and impowered, to raife and levy, and to caufe to be railed and levied, to ferve his Majefty as a foldier, (at any time or times during the continuance of this aft, within their refpeftive limits and jurifdiftions, and fubjeft to the leveral rules and regulations herein-before fpecified, for the railing and levying perfons who have no lawful trade or employment), any tit and able perfon who (hall be convifted of running goods to the value not exceeding forty pounds, in lieu of any punifhment or penalty to which fuch perfon may be liable by any law now in force for preventing the running of goods; or any tit or able perfon who ihall be taken in the aft of running goods, and be thereof convifted before one or more of his Majefly’s juftices of the peace for the county or place where the offence was committed.

XI.	Provided always. That in cafe the fecond meeting appointed to be held in any fubdivifion, (hall be at fo great a diftance of time as may render it inconvenient to iflue warrants for bringing perfons before fuch commiflioners at the fecond meeting, then the commiflioners of fuch fubdivifion refpeftively may adjourn themfelves to fome convenient day, previous to fuch fecond meeting, in order to iflue their warrants as aforefaid.

121

Perfon* con-vidted of running good* to the value of 401. may be levied at foldiers, in lieu of all legal penalties.

If the fecond fubdivifion meeting be too diftant, com-milfionerimay adjourn to a previous day.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That it (hall After fuchfe-and may be lawful to and for the churchwardens, oyerfeers of corn! meeting, the poor, conftables, headboroughs, tythingmen, and other of- paari^e®ffiue/* ficers of any parifti or townfhip, or any of them, at any time ^ff^re ** after the faid fecond meeting of the faid commiflioners, having fuch perfon* a proper warrant or precept as aforefaid, to fearch for and ap- ascomewithin prebend all or any fuch perfon or perfons as they, or any of t^delcriptioa them, (hall find, or (hall appear to them, or any of them, to be an<j convey within the description of this aft, and to convey fuch perfon or rhem before a perfons before one or more of the juftices of the peace of the juftices county, (hire, ftewartry, city, riding, liberty, or place, within which he or they (hall have been fo apprehended, to be examined; and if the faid juftice or juftices (hall judge the perfon or whomaycom-perfons, fo brought before him or them, to be within the de- mit to+ feription of this aft, it (hall in that cafe be lawful for the faid p'tac^5^he U* juftice or juftices to grant a warrant for Securing fuch perfon or n«t meeting perfons (in cafe they (hall think it neceflary) in the gaol or houfe of the com-of correftion, or other proper place of Security, of the county, tmlfioneri^tc. town, or place, where fuch perfons (hall be apprehended $ and the keeper of fuch gaol or houfe of correftion, or other proper

!>lace of Security, mall receive fuch perfon or perfons without ee or reward, and the parifti officers (hall allow fuch keeper fixpence by the day for each perfon, during the time that thejr

Digitized by Lioovle

Commiflion-er» to examine thefaid per-fons.

and, if found proper for the Service, to de* liver them to the military officers.

Officers to five receipts tor them i

and to pay to the panlh officers, for their trouble, 20 s. for every fucb man;

and to the churchwardens, etc. from tos. to 40 s. if fuch man have a wife or family,

as (hall be fettled by the co m million-ersj

and 6 d. per diem to the

fiarifti officers or the time they (hall have kept him.

Difputes relating thereto

Anno decimo o&avo Georgn III. c.53. [1778-.

(hall remain there; and (hail convey them before the commif-fioners, at their next meeting for tiding of foldiers, to be examined, and (if judged by the faid commiflioners to be within the defcription of this adt) tp be lifted and delivered into his Majefty’s fervice, according to the true intent and meaning hereof.

XIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the commiflioners for executing this a&, who (hall attend this fervice at the place or places for lifting foldiers as aforeiaid^ (hall ftridlly examine the perfons who (hall be brought before them by the faid churchwardens, overfeers, conftables, head-boroughs, tythingmen, or other parifh or town officer as aforefaid; and in cafe the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them then prefent, upon examination of the perfons fo brought before them, ftpll find that fuch perfons (hall come within tho deferiptions herein mentioned, and the faid commiflioners, and the officer or officers who (hall be appointed to receive the im-prefled men, (hall judge them to be fuch as are hereby intended to be entertained as foldiers in his Majefty’s fervice, then, and in fuch cafe, the faid commiflioners (hall caufe fuch perfons to be delivered over by the faid churchwardens, overfeers, conftables, headboroughs, tythingmen, or other parifh or town officers, to fuch officers or perfons as (hall be appointed to receive fuch recruits as aforefaid ; fuch officers or perfons giving a receipt under their hands, acknowledging what men are lo delivered to him or them, which receipt they are hereby required to give.

XIV.	And be it further enatfted, That the refpe&ive officers who (hall receive fuch new-raifed men, (hall pay to the clerk appointed by the commiflioners, for the ufe of the officers of the parifh or town fo employed in the nrffing fuch men, for their pains and fervices therein, twenty (hillings of lawful money of Great Britain for every man fo raifed; and (hall alfo pay, for every fuch new-raifed man who (hall have a wife or family, any fum not exceeding forty (hillings, nor lefs than ten (hillings, of lawful money of Great Britain, to the faid clerk, to be by him* paid over, as is herein-after directed, into the hands of the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor, for the benefit of fuch parifh or townfhip in which fuch new-raifed man (hall have gained a fettlement, and whofe wife or family may become chargeable to fuch parifh or townfh'.p refpe&ively; .which fum (hall hi fettled by the commiflioners prefent at the meeting when fuch perfon (hall be inlifted, or any three or more of them, regard being had to the number or children, or other particular circumftances of fuch perfon fo inlifted; for both whieh payments the clerk (hall give a receipt; and the fum of fixpence per diem for keeping every fuch new-raifed man who (hall be delivered as aforefaid, according to the number of day* that the officers of the faid parilh or town (hall have kept him in cuftody, purfuant to the powers granted by this a<ft, until fuch delivery; the faid allowances of twenty millings, and of

fix-

Digitized by v^ooQle

1778.] .Anno decimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 53.	11J

(ixpence per ditto, in cafe of difpute, to be ascertained and di- to be fettled ftribmed to or amongft the faid churchwardens, overfeers, con-Jlables, headboroughs, tythingmen, and fuch other pari(h and town officers, or any of them, according to the judgement and direction of the faid commiffioners, or the major part, of them then prefent.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Commiffion-thority aforefaid, That the faid commiffioners, or any three or

more of them, in their refpedlive divifions, are hereby aulho- ncy allowed to rifed and impowered, by and out of the faid fum of twenty (hil- parifli officers^ lings, herein-before directed to be paid for the ufe of the officers * «• to the of the parifh or town fo employed in the raffing of fuch men, to jV**1 allot and order fuch fum as they (hall think fit, to the respective 0 high conftables, within their refpetfive limits and jurisdictions, for their pains and Service in the execution of this a<5t, not exceeding the fum of two (hillings.

XVI.	Provided always. That no perfon (hall be inlifted by Able-bodied the faid commiffioners, by virtue of this a<ft, who is not fuch

an able-bodied man as is fit to ferve his Majefty, and is free 00 m 1

from ruptures, and every other diftemper, or bodily weaknefs or

infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform the duty of a

foldier; and that no man be inlifted for his Majefty’s Service by and none un-

virtue of this aCt, who (hall appear, in the opinion of the com- jj?’ ** n°Lfl

miflioners, or officer or officers appointed to receive the im- Sf age^etL

prefled men, to be under the age of Seventeen years, or above

the age of forty-five years, or who (hall be under the fize of five

feet four inches without (hoes.

XVII.	And, for the better preventing any difputes which may Ptrfom dif-

arife about paying for the fubfifence of thofe perfons who, having	thede!

been apprehended and detained by virtue of this aft, may afterwards fcription of be difebarged upon examination before the commiffioners and military this pa-officers, be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That if rife not to be any perfon being judged by the commiffioners not to be within *!!^l1theif

. the deferiptioh of this aft, (hall be by them difeharged, the of- pen 1 fleers of the pari(h or town (hall be intitled to no consideration for their expences in keeping fuch perfon; and if any perfon If within the being judged by the commiffioners to be within the defeription de!fnp£ja^ of this aft, (hall be rejected by the military officer, fuch officer ™ office, be (hall pay to the officers of the pari(h or town (ixpence per diemf (hall pay the for the whole time that they (hall have kept every fuch perfon, expences of to be charged to the account of his refpeCtive regiment or com- keepingtbenu pany; and every officer who (hall object to any perfon delivered Obje&ionsto to him by the commiffioners, (hall fpecify his objection to fuch be Specified, perfon, whether it (hall be to his age or fize, or bodily disability, and the grounds of fuch objection (hall be forthwith (as far as may be) inquired into by the faid commiffioners*, and they (hall proceed accordingly; and every officer who (hall refufe or dif- ***j°n$ °* charge any perfon delivered to him by the commiffioners, as fit to ferve his Majefty within the defeription of thisaCt, (hall, tothefecre-without delay, tranfmit to his Majefty’s Secretary at war, his rea- tary at war. (bn for fuch refufal or discharge, in writing, attefted hv himfclf.

XVIII. And

Digitized by Google

”4

Inhabitants

required to be affifting herein.

to t. premium to fuch as (hall difcover any

rarpe^lun, le be inis lied.

Clerks to be appointed by the commif-lioners at their firft general meeting$

and at fubdi-iifion meetings.

Clerks to be paid by the officer % s. for every man in-lifted.

The fecond and fixth lection i of the articles of war to be read to oew-raited men.

Names of the man, parifh, time of inlifting, etc. to be entered in a book.

Attefted copy thereof to be

Anno decimo o£tavo Georgii III. c. 53. [1778.

XVIII.	And it is hereby enaded and ftridMy enjoined by the authority aforefaid, That the inhabitants of every parifh and townlhipj where any perfons deferibed as aforefaid do abide, or are to be found, at the inftance of anyone or more of the commiflioners appointed for the execution of this a&, or of any churchwarden, overfeer of the poor, or cooftable, of the fame parifh or townlhip, (hall (not having a lawful or reafonable ex-cufc to the contrary) be aiding and aflifting in the furtherance of his Majefty’s fervice by this adt deferibed.

XIX.	Jnd9 to encourage fucb inhabitants and others to ajjijl in difcover ing and apprehending fuch perfons deferibed as aforefaid, it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon (hall difcover and give information of any able-bodied man, fit to ferve his Majefty within the defeription of this adt, fo that he dull be apprehended and inlifted before the commit-fioners as aforefaid, (uch perfon, for every man fo difeover-ed and inlifted, (hall receive, from the officer to whom fuch man (hall be delivered, the fum of ten (hillings, out of the twenty Shillings which he is elfewhere diredted to pay to the officers of the parifh or town for every man inlifted by virtue of this a&, and the remainder only of the faid twenty (hillings lhall, in that cafe, be paid to fuch officers.

XX.	And be it further enadied by the authority afopefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commifiioo-ers, at their firft general meeting aflembled, to appoint a clerk to attend them, then and at each of their fubfequent meetings; and for the commiflioners of the feveral fubdivifions to appoint a clerk to attend them at their rcfpcdUve meetings in each fub-divifion wherein foldiers are to be lifted as aforeiaid; and fuch refpedtive clerks, as a reward for their labour and pains in the execution of this adt, (hall be intitled to, and (hall receive, for every man who (hall be lifted in purfuance of this adt, at the meetings whereon they (hall refpedtively attend, the fum of two (hillings of lawful money* of Great Britain, to be paid by the refpedtive officer who (hall receive fuch new raifed men refpec-tively.

XXI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid commiflioners, or fuch of them as (hall be prefent at fuch meeting for lifting of foldiexs as aforefaid, (hall caufe the fecond and fixth fedtions of the articles of war againft mutiny and defertion, to he read to fuch new-railed men, in the prefence 8f the faid commiflioners then tficre $ and the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them then prefent, (ha|l forthwith caufe an entry or memorial to be made, in a book or books to be kept by them or their clerks for that purpofe, of the names of fuch new-raifed men, and of the parifhes or places of their laft abode (if they can be known), and of the time and place when and where fuch men were delivered to the faid officers or perfons appointed to receive them, and the names of the officers or perfons who received them, and for what regiment or company they were fo received, and the fums paid $ and (hall caufe

true

X.

Digitized by v^ooQle

*778.] Anno decimo oftavo Georgii III. c.53.	125

true copies or duplicates of fuch entries, attefted by the faid transmitted, commiflioners, or any three or more of them then prefent, with- J*^*”*^ in forty days after the delivering fuch men as aforefaid, to be adrairaJty,*tc. tranfmitted into the admiralty, or office of his Majefty’s fecre-tary at war for the time being, to be compared with the mufter-roll; and every clerk, for every negled or default in not tranf- on penalty of mining the faid copies or duplicates of fuch entries to the ad- 10 * mnralty, or office of the fecretary at war, as aforefaid, (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds, one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Application Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch °* lbc penal-perfon or perfons who (hall inform or fuc for the fame, in fome tjr’ of the courts of record at Wtjlminjler^ or the court of feffions in Scotland; and it is hereby declared, that the pay of evsry fuch Commence-, new-raifed man, fo delivered to the officers or perfons appointed ment of folio receive them as aforefaid, (hall commence from the time 0f dier«payj his being taken and fecured as aforefaid; and from and after After article* fuch delivery as aforefaid, and reading the faid articles of war, of war arc every perfon fo raifed (hall be deemed a lifted foldicr to all in-tents and purpofes, and (hall be fubjed to the difeipline of war, to martial law. and, in cafe of defertion, (hall be proceeded againft as a deferter by any law now in force, or by any law to be made for punifh-tnent of deferters; and no perfon fo lifted (hall be liable to be taken out of his Majefty’s fervice, by any procefs other than for fome criminal matter.

XXII. Provided nevcrthelefs, and be it enacted by the au- Commtflion-thority aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful for the commiflioners, ^cnt ** who (hall have been prefent at any fuch meeting where any new- * ver raifed man (hall have been delivered over as aforefaid, or for the emit, may, major part of them, upon the demand of fuch man, or of any upon demand other perfon on his behalf, fignified to their clerk within four I*1 days after fuch meeting, and by him notified to each of the faid	jn*t a further

commiflidners, to appoint a further meeting of the faid commif- meetingi fioners, to be hoi den within fix days after the making of fuch demand, unlefs the party appealing (hall require a further rea-fonable time; and if, upon further and more certain informa- ^ot tefbe lion, the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them at fuch witHin the de-fur the r meeting, (hall find that fuch new-raifed man was not, feription of at the time of his being delivered over as aforefaid, within the thif are defeription of this ad, they are hereby required to certify the fo^e^the^ fame, under their hands and feals, to his Majefty’s fecretary at fecretary at war, who, on the receipt of fuch certificate, (hall caufe the man war, who to be forthwith difehargedj and the recruiting officer (hall, on caufe the fuch perfon’s receiving his difeharge as aforefaid, caufe to be J??1! ^ H

Eaid to fuch man the fum of one (hilling for each day he (hall ave been fo detained in the fervice as aforefaid, to be allowed ^or* to fuch officer out of the recruiting fund, over and above fuch each day be ftbfiftence as he may have received; and the clerk appointed by (hall have been the commiflioners (hall repay to fuch officer (without fee or detained, other dedudion) the feveral fums before paid to him by the faid C,cr,c officer, and (hall give back the receipts taken as above direded, ^ in exchange for a copy of the man’s difeharge 5 and in cafe no ful^, rcceived

fuch of him, etc.

Digitized by

Google

126

If no dif-charge be obtained, clerk to pay over the turns deposed to the proper periods.

None to be inlifted till the Turns payable by the officers are firit paid.

Officers may

fecure im-prefied men.

Keeper to be a»lo*ed fheir iabfiftence money.

Civil officers to be aiding in fecuring them, and to be allowed for their trouble.

Coratniffion-ers may levy a fine, not * exceeding 101. on gaoler for efcape of men,

and on parifh officers for negleCt of duty.

Perfon* ob-ft ruling the execution of

Anno decimo oflavo Georoii III. c.53. [1778.

fuch difeharge fhall have been obtained as aforefaid, then tho faid clerk (hall, after the expiration of fourteen days from the time that fuch new-raifed man was delivered over as aforefaid, pay over, without fee or deduction, to the perfons refpectively intitled thereto under the directions of this act, the feveral fuens depofited in his hands for that purpofe.

XXIII.	Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained fhall be conftrued to extend to impower the faid commiffioners to inlift any perfon as a foldier, until the feveral fums herein directed to be paid, by the refpeCtive officers appointed to re* ceive fuch new-raifed men, fhall be firft paid to the perfon or perfons refpeCtively authorized to receive the fame.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the officer or officers, and other perfon or perfons, appointed to attend the faid commiffioners, and to receive fuch impreffed men, fhall, in cafe he or they fhall find it neceffary, fecure fuch imprefTed men in fome fccure houfe or place, to be provided by the juftices of the peace, in their petty or fpeci^l feffions, for that purpofe; but in cafe no fuch houfe or place fhall be fo provided, then in the gaol of the county, town, or place, where futh man fhall be received into his Majefty’s fer-vice, or in the houfe of correction, or other publick prifon, of fuch county, town, or place, where debtors are not ufually confined ; and the keeper of fuch gaol, houfe of correction, of prifon, fhall receive fuch imprefled men, until they can be re* moved, without fee or reward; and fuch keeper fhall be allow* ed the ufual fubfiftence for fuch meo during the time they remain there, from the officer by whom they fhall be delivered as aforefaid; and the conftables, headboroughs, and other civil officers, fhall (if required) be affifting to fuch officer in conveying fuch man or men to fuch fecure place, goal, or houfe of correction, and fhall be allowed fuch reafonable fum or fums as the major part of the commiffioners then prefent fhall appoint to be paid by the officer or officers who fhall require fuch affift-ance.

XXV.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, to impoie upon any gaoler, or keeper of a houfe of correction, or prifon, who fhall fuffer any perfon committed to his cuftody, in pursuance of this act, to elcape; or upon any high conftable, churchwarden, overfeer, petty conftable, headborough, tythingman, or other parifh or town officer, for every wilful negleCt or default, in the execution of any warrant, order, or precept, to them or any of them directed in purfuance of this act, a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and to caufe every fuch fine to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owners, and to pay the laid fine to the informer or informers.

XXVI.	And be it furthef enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever dull wilfully do any

act

Digitized by LjOOQle

1778.] Anno dedmo o&avo GeoRGH III. c.53.	127

a<Sl or thing whereby the execution of this adi, in the fearching tW*»fiu»

for, taking, and fecuring, fuch able-bodied men as aforefaid, tor'clt io1*

(hall be hindered or fruftrated, every fuch perfon (hall, for

every fuch offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding ten pounds,

to the ufe of the informer or informers 5 and all and every fuch

offences may be enquired of, heard, and finally determined, by

any two or more of his Majefty's juftices of the peace, dwelling

in or near the place where fuch offence (hall be committed;

who have hereby power to caufe the faid penalty to be levied by which maybe

diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering hvi«d by di-

the overplus (if any be) to the owners; and if the offenders have

no goods and chattels fufficient to anfwer the faid penalty, then

to commit him or her to the county gaol or houfe of correction,

thereto remain for the fpace of three months, without bail or

mainprize.

XXVI1. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That Voters for this aCt (hall not extend to the taking or levying any perfon to n,c*?ber* °* fcrve as a foldier, who (hall make it appear, to the fatisfa&ion of the commiffioners then prefent, that he hath any vote in the be lifted, cie&ion of any member or members to ferve in parliament, in any county, city, borough, town, port, or place, within the kingdom of Great Britain.

XXVIIL And it is hereby ena&ed. That no perfon who, at No military the time of the execution of this a<$t, (hall have any military of- officer roay (ke or employment in Great Britain, (other than in the militia) iloI^mrol * (hall execute any power or authority by this a<5t given to com-mifltoners as aforefaid.

XXIX.	And be it further cnadted by the authority aforefaid. Limitation of That if any adtion, plaint, fuit, or information, (hall be com* a^10118, menced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons for what he

or they (hall do in purfttance or execution of this adt, the fame (hall be commenced within fix months after the offence committed ; and fuch perfoh or perfons fo fued, in any court what- ,r; foever, (hall and may plead the general ifiue, not guilty, and General iffut. upon any iflue joined, may give this aft, and the fpecial matter in evidence 5 and if the plaintiff or profecutor (hall become non* fuit, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer a difcontinuance, or if a verdidt pafs againft him, the defendant (hall recover treble cofts; for which they (hall have the tyke remedy as in Treble cots* any cafe where cofts by the law are given to defendants.

XXX.	Andy for the better obviating fuch frauds and abujes as may be praflifed in difeharging of foldiers, it is hereby further en-

adted by the authority aforefaid. That no private foldier, who No foldier or (hall be duly lifted into his Majefty's fervice by virtue of this act, (during the time foch foldier (hall remain in Great Britain) w'iciioufa cer-(hall be difeharged from his Majefty's fervice, without thexon- tificite from frnt of the colonel, or, in his abfence, the field officer command- tot colonel, ing in chief the regiment, firft had and obtained in writing"urt- ctc* der their hands and feals for that purpofe; in which writing the cattfe of his difehargfe (hall ber expreffed, and & duplicate or copy of which a of every fuoh difeharge forthwith transmitted to the fecretary at duplicate to

be tranfnoitud

Digitized by v^ooQle

138

to the fecretary at war.

Officer breaking this order to oe cafhier-td.

Imprefled men, after 5 years fervice, to be dif-charged, if they demand it.

Clerks to be rewarded for their trouble in t ran emitting dupli-cates, etc.

His Majefty, when a fuffi. cient number of men (hall be raifod,may, by proclamation, etc. fu-fpend the execution of this aft ; ormayfufpend or inforce it in any county or place.

Perfons employed in the execution of this ad, exempted from the penalties of ads JK5 Car. a.

Anno decimo odavo Georgii III. c. 53. [1778.

war, to be by him kept and entered in a book ; or if a marine, without the confent of the lord high admiral, or the commif-fioners of the admiralty for the time being, firft: had and ob* tained; and any officer that (hall prefume to difeharge any fol-dier inlifted purfuant to this act, in any other manner contrary to this ad, (hull,.for fuch offence, be calhiered.

XXXI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded. That every perfon who (hall be impreffed upon this ad, after he (hall have continued in the military fervice of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftbrs, during the fpace of five years, (hail be at liberty, if he think fir, to demand his difeharge from the colonel, or, in his abfence, the officer commanding the regiment or company to which he (hall belong, unlels the nation (hall be then engaged in a war, and in that cafe fuch perfon (hall remain in fervice during the continuance of war; and fuch difeharge (hall be granted to him gratis, in writing under the hand of fuch colonel or officer, who is hereby impowered and requited to give the fame accordingly ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIL And be it further enaded. That the faid feveral clerks to the faid commiflioners, provided the faid copies or duplicates be duly tranfmitted into the office of the admiralty, or fecretary at war, as aforefaid, (hall have and receive, by the hands of the paymafters of his Majefty’s land forces and marines, or one of them, fuch rewards as the lord high treafurer, or com-miffioners of the treafury for the time being, upon confidcration of the numbers of men lifted in the feveral counties, cities, bo-roughs, or other places, and the pains and charges of the feveral clerks in this fervice, (hall judge the faid clerks feverally and refpedivelv to deferve.

XXXIII.	Provided always. That his Majefty, when he (hall be fatisfied, by the faid returns of the commiffioners, or other-wife, that a fufficient number of recruits in the whole (hall be raifed for his prefent fervice, may be gracioufly pleafed to fufpend or ftop the further execution of this ad, by proclamation, or order in council, or other publick notice in the London Gazette; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIV.	Provided alfo. That his Majefty, when he (hall judge it expedient for his fervice, may at any time fufpend or enforce the execution of this ad, in any county or place of Gnat Britain, by notice from his Majefty’s fecretary at war; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That no commiffioner, churchwarden, over-fee^ conftable, headborough, tythingman, or other parifh or town officer, who (hall be employed in the execution of this ad, (hall be liable, for or by reafon of fuch execution, to any of the penalties mentioned, in an ad made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, For preventing dangerswhich may happen from popifh recufants\ or in one other ad, made in the firft year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary%

(intituled.

Digitized by

Google

!77$0 Anno decimo o&avoGeorgii III. c.53.	129

(intituled1. An aft for abrogating the oaths of allegiance and fupre• 1 GuI Sc Mar. maty, and appointing other oaths); or in one other act, made in the parliament holden in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of the late King IVilliam, the Third, ( intituled, An aft	&	*4

for the further fecurity of his MajeJiys perfon, and the frcctjfton of u * 5* the crown in the protejlant line ; andfor the extinguifhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders, and their open and fecret abettors.)

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That no per- Commiflion-

fon or perfoos, hereby appointed to be a commiflioner or com- ers in England miffioners for any county, riding, city, borough, cinquc-porr,	*

or place, of England, Wales, or ^Berwick upon Tweed, (except fuch taken the

as duly qualified themfelves to be juftices of the peace, or com- oarbs ap-miflioners for executing the fa id a & for the land tax made and panted by paffed in the fifteenth year of his prefent Majefty's reign, or any a<^s fubfequent ad or ads of parliament for that purpofe), (hail be ( capable, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, of ading as a commiflioner or commiflicners in the execution of this ad, or executing any the powers of the commiflioners therein mentioned, (unlefs it be the power hereby given of adminiftering oaths), until fuch time as he or they refpedively fliali have taken the oaths appointed by an ad of parliament, made in the firft year of the reign of King IVilliam and Queen Mary, (inti- 1 Gu! &Mar. tuled. An aft for the abrogating the oaths of fupremacy, and allegi-€iTtce, and appointing other oaths); and alfo in the faid ad, (intituled, An aft for the further fecurity of bis MajeJiy's perfon, and the *nd & *♦ fuccejfion of the crown in the protejlant line; and for cxtinguifnng the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders, and their open and fecret abettors); which oaths it (hall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of the faid commiflioners to, adminifter, and they are hereby required to adminifter the fame to any other of the faid commiflioners; and that no perfon J}or commif-or perfons, hereby appointed to be a commiflioner or commif-fioncrs for any parr of Scotland, (except fuch as duly qualified equalised themfelves, according \to the laws of Scotland, to be commif- themfelves as fioners there for executing the faid ad for the land tax made and rh- *1til€rc parted in the fifteenth year of his prefent MajeftyYreign, or any fubfequent ad or ads of parliament for that purpofe), (hall be capable of ading as a commiflioner or commiflioners in the execution of this prefent ad, in any part of Scotland\ until fuch time as he or they refpedively (hall have duly qualified thfcm-felves, according to the laws of Scotland, for that purpofe.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That if any Comnvfflon-perfon hereby appointed a commiflioner for any county, city, emn England town, or place, in England, IVales-, or Berivict upon Tweed, (ex-

cept as before excepted) (hall prefume to ad as a commif- tauJn fioner in the execution of this ad, before he (hail have taken the oaths, faid oaths which by this ad he is required to take, and in the manner hereby preferibed, he (hall forfeit to his Majcfly the fum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered by adion of debt, or forfeit tool, on the cafe, bill, fuit, or information, in any of his Majefty’s Yol. XXXII.	K	courts

Digitized by LjOOQle

Commiflioners for the county, ttc. at large, may a d for any city, etc.

Anno dedmo o&avo Georgii III. c.53. [1778.

courts of record at Wejlminjler, wherein no effoin, prote&ion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed ; and commif- and that if any perfon hereby appointed a commiflioner for any jioner*inScot* (hire, ftewartry, burgh, or place ill Scotland, (except as before an *50 * excepted), (hall prefume to ad as a commiflioner in the Execution of this ad, before that he (hall have qualified himfelf according to the laws in Scotland, he (hall forfeit to his Majefty the fum of fifty founds, to be recovered in the court of exchequer in Scotland, in’ the fame manner as any other penalties are there recoverable.

XXXVIII.	Provided alfo. That in cafe there (hall not be a fufikient number of commiflioners for any city, borough, town, port, or place, of Great Britain, (fcr which by this ad commiflioners are fpecially appointed), capable of ading according to the refpedive qualifications required by this ad 5 then, and in every fuch cafe, any the commiflioners appointed for the county, (hire, or ftewartry at large, within which fuch city, bo- » rough, town, or place, doth ftand, or which is next adjoining thereto, may ad as commiflioners in the execution of this ad, within fuch city, borough, town, port, or place 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That no commiflioner of the land tax, not being a juftice of the peace, or a magiftrate of a corporation or a borough, thall he capable of ading as a commiflioner in the execution of this ad, or of any of the powers therein contained, in or for any county at large, within England, the dominion of Wales, (the counties of Angle fey, Merioneth, Cardigan, Caermarthen, Glamorgany Montgomery, Pembroke, Caernarvon, and Monmouth, excepted), or in or for any of the ridings in the county of Tort, unlefs fuch perfon by himfelf, or his tenants or truftees, was taxed or did pay, in the fame county or riding, for the value of one hundred pounds per annum, or more of his otfcn eftate, by virtue of the fakl ad for the land tax, made and parted in England, in the fifteenth year of his Majefty’s reign, or any fubfe-quent ad or ads of parliament for that purpofe; or unlefs fuch perfon fo appointed to be a commiflioner (hall, at the time of the execution of this ad, by himfelf, his tenants or truftees, enjoy an eftate of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the faid yearly value of one hundred pounds, or morfe, within the faid county or riding refpedively \ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XL. And it is hereby further enaded. That if any perfon aWicd prefum- intended by this ad to be difabled for the catife laft* mentioned.

Qualification ot com mir-lioncri for counties at large within Eng land.

Perfons dif-

ing to ad, foiieit 50 I.

Comnvflion-trs may ad

(hall neverthelcfs prefume to ad as a commiflioner in the execution of this ad, or any of the powers therein contained, every fuch perfon, for fuch offence, (ball forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, to any perfon or perfons who will inform or fuefor the fame, to be recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, or in the exchequer of Scotland, as aforefaid.

XLI. Provided neverthelcfs, and it is hereby enaded. That

o	no

Digitized by

Google

1778.] Anno decirno o&avo Georgij TIT. c. 53.	131

‘ no perfon who i« appointed ro be a commifTioner for executing f°r an7 dty, this a d in any part of Grjnt Britain, (hall be difabled, for the **£1*°^ caufe laft-mentioned, from adding as a commifTioner within bitantr.or and for any city, borough, cinque-port, or corporate town for inns of only, whereof he lhall be an inhabitant at the time of the exe- court, cution of this ad, or from adihg as a commifiioncr within any of the inns of court or inns of chancery.

XLII. And whereas Jonte doubts may arife whether mayors, laiU . ffi* an& other chief magijlrates of cities, boroughs, towns corporate* end cingue-ports, for which commiffioners are /penally appointed by virtue of this ah, can afl as commiffioners for executing this afi in the faia cities, boroughs, towns corporate, and cinque-ports', be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all mayors* Mayor*, ba?-bailiffs, and ether chief magiftrates, who are appointed coinmif-	to ad

fioners for executing this ad, lhall be, and have power to ad as f,on«ni f^ci-comm.ffioners for executing this ad, within and for any city, ally appoint-borough, town corporate, or cinque-port, wherein they inhabit ed. at the time of executing this ad, as well where commiffioners are fpecially appointed by this ad, as where they are net.

XL1II. And whereas it may often be expedient for his M/efl/s

fervice, that the commiffioners hereby appointed-fall execute this aft in

cities, towns, or other places, where it may not be convenient to enforce

the execution thereof through the county in which fuch city, town, or

place, /hall be refpeflivdy fituate\ be it therefore enaded by the

authority aforefaid, That the mayor or other chief magiftratc of Chief magt*

every city, town, or place, Hull, upon receiving notice for that it rates of ci-

purpofe from the fecretarv at war, immediately proceed to put t,e*,clc* upon *■- n • #	.	.	*	'rirL-	-i	nonce from

this act in execution within their refpeclive junfdidions, in the tf,e fccrerarjr

fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch mayor or at war, to

other chief magiftrate had received fuch notice from the (heritf enforce this

of the county in which fuch city, town, or place, fhall be re-

fpedively fituate ; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary didioni?

notwithftanding.

XLIV. And it is hereby provided and enaded, That no BadifFs fol-bailiff s follower or afllftant, employed or belonging to any (he* tTerc jiff, bailiff of liberties, marlhalfea court, or any other perfon or nat deemed to perfons that fhall be fo employed by any one that (hall have the f Ho* any power of executing any warrant or procefs whatfoever, fhall be calling, deemed thereby to follow or exerclfeany calling or employment, or to have a fufficient fupport and ma.ntenance, within the intent and meaning of this ad.

XLV. And forrfmuch as great incovcniencies may happen by bn~ prejfwg men during the time of harveft, be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Labourer?, day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, un- having proper til the twenty-fifth day of October following, no harveft labourer, ^'liable Vo or perfon workiog at hay harveft or corn harveft work, within the he imported time aforefaid, within the kingdom of Great Britain, (hall be from May 15, imprefied by virtue of this ad, but (hall ba'ttee and exempted t0 from the fame during the time aforefaid ; provided they have a certificate under the lunds of the minifter, and of one church-

K 2	warden

Digitized by

Google

*32

Com million-cisior executing this a£t \%iihin the caitieof York.

Oorntniflion-ers for ex?* cuting th-s ad in Thrtap-wood.

Officer not attending to receive i reruns, commiflioners may adjourn, ant} order the detention ot tr>e i id pit fit d men.

Notice of adjournment to be given to officers at-tending-Xhis fervict, etc.

Officer to pay fubfiltence money for eveiy recruit,

and incidental charges.

Continuance of this ait.

Anna decimo o£hvo Georgii III, c.53. [1778.

warden or overfecr of the poor, or elders, of the oarilh or place where they live, allowed under the hand and feal of one jufiice of the peace of the fame county, (hire, ftewartry, riding, city, or place; fthich certificate fhall be given gratis.

XLVI. And9 for the more eafy and better puttingthis aft in ext* cut'wiy he it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That any three or more commiflioners for putting this ad in execution in the feveral ridings of the county of Tor}, (being juftices of the peace), though not all of the fame riding, may, within the caftle of Yorky or limits thereof, execute the powers of this ad.

XLVII. And whenas divers foldierwho have deferted his Ma-icjlf s fervice, have been harboured in a certain place called Threap-wood, lying within or near the counties 0/Chefter and Flint, or one of them, and adjoining to the town 0/ Cuddington in the [aid county i/'Chcfhrr; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,Thar the commiflioners hereby appointed for the county of Chejlery and the officers of the laid town of CuddingtOn, fnalh execute this act in the faid place called 7hrcopwood9 according to the true intent and meaning thereof.

XLVI II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if at any of the meetings of the commiflioners by this ad appointed in any of their fubdivifions, they (hall not be attended by fome proper officer appointed for the receiving of recruits, cither through negligence or any unavoidable accident, then, and in that cafe, it (hall and maV be lawful to and for thd faid commiflioners to adjourn thcmfelves to fome other convenient day, and they are hereby authorifed to give directions for detaining in cuftody all fuch perfons as (hall have .been then brought before them by the parilh officers to be inlifted, or fuch of them as they (hall think duly qualified for his Majefty’s fervice; and the faid commiflioners (hall give notice to any of the officers attending on this fervice, in the county or place where fuch fubdivifions (hall lye, of the day of fuch adjournment; and the faid officer is hereby required, either to attend himfelf, or to appoint fome other officer to attend fuch commiflioners, and to receive fuch perfons as the faid commiflioners (hall inlift into his Majefty’s fervice; and the officers fo receiving the recruits flvall pay, to fuch per Ton as the commiflioners fha!l appoint, lix-pence per diem for the fubliflence of every recruit then enhfted, from day of the.laft meeting of the commiflioners to the faid day of adjournment, the fame to be. charged to the account of the feveral regiments or companies into which the faid recruits (haft be inlifted, together with fuch charges and expences as fhall appear to the (aid commiflioners to have been incurred on account of the detaining the find perfons, from the day of the former meeting of the faid commiflioners to the day of fuch fecond meeting, not exceeding three pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That this ad, and every thing herein contained, (hall be and continue in force until the end of the next'felfion of parliament,

* L. And

Digitized by Google

1778.] Anno decimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 53.	133

L. And be it further enafied by the authority aforefaid, That Form pre-the feveral entries which the commiflioners of the land tax are	^

by this a£l required to make, of the names and descriptions of tTies' puPliant all volunteers, and alfo of all imprefled men, together with the to this aft. other particulars herein-before dire&cd, be made according to the form hereunto annexed.

		Heighth.			D-fcrip. tic a of the Re. cruits.	For  v--h.it C' run prukJ.	For what Co:p' entered vo-luuunly.	| m | c	a	Officer v>hol rccei v ci or retutrd the J Recruit, and ; on wnat Day.	1
Recruit's Name. '	Ejt	1 I	| laches, j	i»'  03				3 1 ?  IL	C*-r  ■ C		Or whn Grounds rctuud.
/	•				1						-

K 3	C	AP.

Digitized by <^.ooQle

Anno deeimo o&avo Georgii III. c.54. [1778, CAP. LIV.

An aft for granting to his Majefty a certain Turn of money out of the linking (upd; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice.of the year one thoufand fevcn hundred and feventy-eight ? 3nd for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this (eflion of parliament ; and tor carrying to the aggregate fun4 a fum of moncry which hath arifen by the two fevenths exede.

preamble. 1.156,1091. is. 8d. 1 q. granted out of the finking fund, for the :trvice of the current year* to be iflued by the treafury accordingly. Treafury impowered to rahe the (aid (urn, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the finking lund: Alt perfons who Dull lend any money upon the credit of this aft to have a tally of loan, 'with orders lor iepavment of the money, with intereft. Orders to be re-gillered in courfe. No undue preference to be given in payment. No fee to be taken, on foilcituie of treble damages, with full cofls. Penalty of undue preference in point of regdtery or payment. Auditor, &c. negleft-ing his duty, liable for damages, &c. to be recovered at Weftminfter. No undue preference in the regiilcring, where orders are brought the fame day; nor it (ubftquent orders are paid before others not brought in cdurfe, lo as money be rdeived lor the piecedmg orders. Power of alignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it fiiali be judged more advife-able, the treafury may raife the faid fum by exchequer bills ioftead of loans i and t< e bills in fuch cafe to be made in the manner prescribed by the land rax aft of this fefiion. All advantages and penalties in the land tax aft of this ftffion, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorifed to be made fortn, extended to this aft. The faid exchequer bills, intereft, and charges, are to be paid out of the finking fund. flank authorifed to lend to hi* lYIajfttyr the lum of 1,296,209!. is. 8d. halfpenny: notwithstanding an aft of 5 & 6 Gul. & Mariac. The fum of 703,790!. 18 s. 3 d. halfpenny, furplus of the finking fund: and 4,976!. 1 s. id. halfpenny, remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 1778; and 46,8151. remaining of the deductions of 6d. in the pound upon all, falaries, &c. from the crown; and'37,9211, 3s. 10d. favings from the pay of his Majefty's national tioops; and 17,690!. lavings from the pay of fundry regiments;

' and Inch monies as (hall be paid into the exchequer between April 5. 17781 and April 5, 1779, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; (hail be applied towaids making good the fupply. The monies aiifing by the land tax, malt tnx, lottery aft, loans, (1,500,000!.) further Joans, (500,0001.) vote of credit, and 703.790I, 18s. 3d. halfpenny, remaining in the exchequer on Ap il 5, 1778, of the furplufics of the finking fund ; and 4 976 1 17 s. id. halfpenny, remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 1778; and 46,825b remaining of the deductions of 6d. in tilt pound upon all falaries, See. and 37,911 I. 3 s. lod. favings out of the pay of the national troops; and 27.690!. lavings out of the pay of fundry regiments of foot; and luch monies as fiiali be paid into the exchequer betwem April 5, 1778, and April 5, 1779, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; and 1,196,209b is. 8d. halfpenny, by this aft granted, out of the exceffes, &c. c nnpofing the finking fund; together with the money ariling from the fale of French prizes taken before the declaration of war; and alfo fuch fums of money as his Majefty (hall direct to be applied to the public (ervice, which (hail arife out of tbc fale of the ced-d iihnds in the Welt Indies: fiiali be applied to the ufes following;: 3.097,895b 16s. towards naval fervices; 'i,ooo,oool. towards paying off dnl difctiarging the debt of the navy: 4000!. to the royal hofpital for fed.mu at Greenwich, &c. 382,816 b is. 8d. for the charges of the office ot otd nance; 300,4.83 b 13 s. »od for the charges of the office of ordnance not provided fqr in 1777: 4,8 ; 3 666b 15s. nd. halfpenny, towards maintaining the land forces^ of which 634.24.0L 38. ud. for defraying the charges of 10.057 effective men, &c. and 3113 invalids for guards, &c. in G<eat Britain, See 960.843b 18$. qkb for forces and garrilons in Africa, ice, 51,913 b is. 6 d. to make good the difference of pay between the Bri*

Digitized by

*35

1778.] Anno decimo o<5tavo Gegrgii III. c. 55.

ti(h and Irifli eftabliffiment of troops ferving in America * 71,473!. 18 s. 6d. halfpenny, tor general and * general ftaff officers in Great Britain: 56,0741. 19 s. 46- halfpenny, for five Hanoverian battalions at Gibraltar and Minorca, and for provifions for three of the faid battalions at Gibraltar, for the year 1778: 367,1031. 98. rod. for 13,471 troops of Heffe Caffel, &c. 35,4411. 19s. 9<i. halfpenny, for two regiments of Hanau, &c. 1,6451. 17s. id. to make good a deficiency of a vote of lalt feffion * *7j37o1» 8s- *d. 3q* fora regiment of Waldeck, &c. 93,9471. 15s 8d. for 4,300 Brunfwickers, Sec. 34,0071.1s. nd. fer 1,141 troops of Bran-debourgh Anfpach* 47,1601. 13s. 3d for provifions tor foreign troops ferving in America: 17,3791.10s. 8d, for defraying the charge of artillery for foreign troops for 1778: 186,6311. 14s. 6d. tor augmentations of bis Majdty's forces, from their commencements, &c. 90,939]. 15 s. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines: 7111. $d. to the two troops ot horle guards reduced, See. 1381. for penfions to officers widows, Sec• *05,4311. 15s. 5d. to the outpenlioners of Chelfea Hofpital: 18,8951. 5s. ad. tor augmentations of the forces: 80,3191. 14s. id. for augmentations of the forces, from March 15, to Dec. 14,17781 401,6111.9 s. for the embodied militia from March 16, to Dec. 14, 1778: 37,559 k 7*. 6d. for militia cloaching for 1778: 45,608k is. for three regiments to be raifed in North Britain, from April 15, to Dec. 14, 1778: 18,071!. 11s. for infantry, &c. of Anhalt Zerbft : 1,406,913 k is. 4d. 1 q. towards extraordinary expences of the land forces, See. not provided tor: 1 500,000 k for dif-charging exchequer bills of laft (effion: i,ooo,oook tor paying off the exchequer bills of laft feffion: 19,100k to make good to hi* Majelty the like fum iffued in purfuance of the addreffts of the houfe of commons: 3,100 k for the civil eftabliffiment of the ifland of St.John: 1,8661. for the civil eftabliffiment of Georgia: 4,7011. 10s. 5d. for fupporting the civil eftabliffiment of Nova Scotia: 4,950k for the civil eftabliffiment of Eaft Florida: 4,9001 for the civil eftabliffiment of Weft Florida* 1,371!. for defraying expences attending furveys in North America* 13,000! for maintaining the Britiffi forts, &c. on the coatt of Africa * 5.550 I. for fupporting the civil eftabliffiment of Senegambia: 105,117k 8s, 3d. for the expences of recoining the deficient gold coin : 6,998k 11s. $d.on account of new roads, See. in the highlands of Scotland: 56,680). as. 6d. for the relief of American civil officers, &c. 6 400 k to Mr. Moore, for his trouble in compiling a general index to the journals: 3,000 k to the Rev., Mr. Forlter, fdr his trouble in compiling a general index to the journals: 3,000k to the Rev. Dr. Flcxman, for ditto; 500k to Mr. Cunningham, for ditto: 9,075 k 3 s. <iid. to mike good to his Majefty the like Aim iffued to Duncan Campbell, for the expence of confining, See. convifts on the Thames : 43,6111. 10s. 9d. halfpenny, to the linking fuhd, to make good the deficiency on July 5, 1777, Sec. and 38.493k as. 7d. halfpenny, to make good the defi.iency of grants for the fervice of the year 1777.. The faid aids to be applied only to ibe ufes before mentioned. Rules to be obferved in the application of the half-pay. By aft 17 Geo. 3. a fum not exceeding 93,616k 8 s. 4d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus monies, above fatisfying laid officers, to be difpoled of to officers who were maimed, Sec. in the late wars, or to officers widows and children, as his Majefty (hall direft. 31,154k 17 s. 8d. : q. remaining in the exchequer of the two fevcnttis excile, to be carried to the aggregate fund.

CAP. LV.

An aft to permit the exportation of certain goods, direftly from Ireland, into any Britilh plantation in America, or any Britilh /}/-tlenient on th^coajlof Africa; and for further encouraging the ' fijheries and navigation 0/* Ireland.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for the encouragement of trade, it is amongfl other things, emitted. That,

K 4	from

Preamble. Aft 15 Car. 1 recited.

136

After June *4,

»77'o, ail

^ciods, the produce or inctniitaltuie or Jroiand,-(except wool, aud woolFbn and cotton inanu failure si hats, glals, hops, gunpowder, and coals)! may be exported from thence dirttly to America, or the coait of A t rica: and all Britiih goods, (except woollen manufactures and glai*)i and aho ad foreign certificate goods.

Mailer of the 'veljel export ing goods as above mentioned, to p>o-diue a proper cfmficai** to the collector, etc of the colioms at t>*e port of hu arrival $

and deliver an invoice of the particulars of tus lading.

Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. C. 55. f 1778.

from and after the twenty-fijth day of March, one tboufandfix hundred and fixty four, no commodity of the growth, production, or manufacture of Europe, Jhall be imported into any land, ijland, plantation, colony, territory, or place, to his Majefiy belonging, or which Jhall hereafter belong unto, or be in the pojfejfion of, his Majtjly, his heirs andJuccejfors, in Afia, Africa, or America. (Tangier only excepted), but what fhall be bona fide, and without fraud, laden and Jhipped in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed: and inherent it is thought proper to allow the exportation of goods, (except as herein-afur excepted) direClly from the kingdom of Ireland, to the Britiih plantations in America, or into any of the [ettlements belonging to Great Britain on the coafl of Africa; be it therefor^ enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflcmblcd, and by the authority cf the fame, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one ihoufand feven hundicd and feventy-eight, it (hall ant} may be lawful to export from the kingdom of Ireland, directly into any of the Britijh plantations in America, or the Wejl Indies, or into any of the fettlements belonging to Great Britain on the coaft of Africa, in (hips or veiTels which may lawfully trade to and from thole pkces, any goods, wares, ar.d merchandize, being the produce or manufacture of Ireland, (wool and woollen manufacture in all its branches mixed or unmixed, cotton manufactures of all forts mixed or unmixed, hats, glafs, hops, gunpowder, and coals, only excepted); and all goods and Commodities of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, which have been or may be legally imported from thence into the laid kingdom of Ireland, (woollen manufactures in all its branches, and glafs excepted); and all foreign certificate goods, which have been or may be legally imported from Great Britain into Irelandany law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the matter, or perfon having the charge •of every (hip or veflel exporting any fuch goods from Ireland to the faid plantations or fettlements, fhall, upon his arrival there, produce to the collector or other principal officers of the cu-ftoms, or other publick officer at the port or place where he fhall arrive, a certificate, under the hands and feal of office of the collector and comptroller of the cuttoms of the port in Ireland where he took in his lading, that oath had been made before them, by the exporter of fuch goods (which oath they are hereby authorized to adminitter), that the goods mentioned ip fuch certificate are bona fide of the produce or manufacture of Ireland; or that the fame are of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, which had been legally imported from thence into Ireland; or that they are foreign certificate goods, which had been legally imported from Great Britain into Ireland, (as the cafe may be?); and (hall alfo deliver an invoice of the particulars of his lading to fuch officers, in the manner directed.

X

Digitized by Google

1778.] Anno decimo octavo Georgii III. c.55.

by an ad of parliament, made in the third and fourth years of the reign of Queen Anney intituled. An Qft to permit the exportation <?/Irifh linen cloth to the plantations, at\d to prohibit the importation of Scotch linen into Ireland ; and (hall in all other refpeds, not altered by this ad, comply with the regulations preferibed by the faid recited ad, or any other law now in force in this kingdom, refppding (hips trading to the faid plantations or fet-tlements; otherwise fuch (hips, and the goods laden on board thereon, (hall be fubjed and liable to the fame penalties and forfeitures as if this ad had not been made.

III.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing herein contained (hall extend to permit the exportation from the faid kingdom of Ireland to any of the places aforefaid of any foreign linens, whether the fame be white or brown, or checked, or painted, ftained, or dyed, in the faid kingdom of Ireland.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That nothing herein-before contained (hall extend, or be conrtrucd to extend, to any bar-iron, to iron flit, rolled, plated, or tinned, nor to any fort of manufadured iron wares, until a duty of two pounds ten (hillings per ton, on fuch bar-iron, and alfo a dutvof three pounds three (hillings and eleven pence Irijk, per ton, on fuch flit, rolled, plated, or tinned iron, and manufadured iron wares, exported from Ireland to |he Britifh colonics or plantations in America, or to any of the fettlements belonging to Great Britain on the coaft of Africa, (hall be impofed by fome ad or ads of parliament to be made iq the kingdom of Ireland \ and that then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful, from and after the commencement of, and during the continuance of, fuch refpedive duties, but no longer, to export any fuch iron or iron wares from the faid kingdom of Ireland diredly to any Britijh colony or plantation in America, or to any fettlement belonging to Great Britain on the coaft of Africa, in any (hip or vc(Tel that may lawfully trade thither, fubjed to the regulations herein-before mentioned ; any thing in this ad, or in any other ad, to the contrary notwith* (landing.

V.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Thbt if any bounty or premium (hall be granted of allowed in Ireland, on the exportation of fuch iron or iron wares from thence to the faid Britijh colonies or plantations, or to any fettlement belonging to Great Britain on the coall of Africa\ then, and in fuch cafe, the liberty herein-before given to export fuch iron and iron wares thither diredly from Ireland, (hall, during the continuance of fuch bounty or premium, ceafe and determine; and fuch iron and iron wares (hall, in all re-fpecls, be fubjed to the like reftridions and regulations, penalties and forfeitures, as fuch goods were and would be liable to if this ad had not been made.

VI.	Provided always, and it‘is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That no cotton manufadures of any kind, whether mixed or unmixed, (hall be prermitted to be exported

Provifo relaN ing to foreign linens.

This ad not to extend to bar*iron, or iron wares, till certaia duties are, laid thereon by the I<i(U parliament.

If any bounty (h 411 be granted in Ireland on the exporta, tion of fuch iron or iron wares, then the liberty grained by this ad to ceale, etc.

No cotton manufadures to be exported from Ireland to America*

Digitized by v^ooQie

*38

etc without a proper certificate from ' fome cultom-houfe in Great Britain $

on forfeiture of the goods.

The liberty hereby granted of exporting Iriffi mall u I afture*, etc. not to take place till duties are laid thereon equivalent to thole on the feme manufactures, etc. in Great Britain.

Recital of i5Geo.3.c.]i.

and 16 Geo. 3* P 47-

Anno dccimo o&avo Gborgii III. 0.55, [1778.

ported from the faid kingdom of Ireland to any of thq places aforefaid, unlefs the perlon or perfons exporting the fame (hall produce and deliver a certificate properly authenticated frotp the cuftom houfe of fome port or ports in Great Britain, particularizing the quantities, kinds, and marks, of fuch cotton manufactures, and fpecifying that fuch goods have been legally exported from Great Britain: and in cafe any cotton manufactures lhall be offered to be exported from the faid kingdom of Zr/-land to any of the places aforefaid, without fuch certificate, or which on examination lhall not correfpond with the marks, numbers, and deferiptions, contained in fuch certificate, all fuch manufactures (hall be forfeited and feized, and appropriated, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors.

VII.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and tnafled. That the liberty hereby granted of exporting goods and merchandize, the manufacture of Ireland, to the places herein-befofle mentioned, lhall not take place except in fuch cafes as the faid goods and merchandize now do,or hereafter lhall, ftand chargeable and pay duties and taxes, to as great an amount as goods and merchandize of the fame denomination and quality exported from Great Britain to fuch places now ftand chargeable with, (whether the faid charges be on the importation of the materials of which the faid, goods and merchandize are made, or by duties on the exportation of the fame, or by inland excife not drawn back or compenfated for by bounties).

VIII.	And whereas by an att, made in the fifteenth+year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, (intituled, An aCl for the encouragement of the filheries carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the Britijb dominions in Europe; and for fecuring the return of the filhermen, failors, and others employed in the faid filheries, to the ports thereof, at the end of the fifhing feafon); it is amongfi other things provided and emitted. That no bounty Jhall be allowed or paid for any Jhip or vejjel employed as therein mentioned, by virtue oj the faid or any former att of parliament, unlefs the whole and entire property of fuch Jhip or vejfel Jhall belong to fome of his Majtjly's fubjetts refiding in that part of his Majejly r dominions from whence fuch Jhip or vejjel Jhall be refpettively fitted and cleared out : and whereas by another att, made in the fixteenth year of the reign of bis prefent Majejly, (intituled, An aCt for the further encouragement of the whale blhery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, ar.d the Britijh dominions in Europe; and for regulating the fees to be taken by the officers of the cuftoms in the iftand of Newfoundland); it is among,fl other things provided and enatted, That no bounty Jhall be allowed or paid for any Jhip which, from and after the firfi day ef Augult, one thoufand feven hundred and je verity-fix, fioall be fitted out and employed in the whale fijhery, in purfuance of the faid att, unlefs the ivhole and entire property of Juch jhip or vejfel Jhall belong -to Jome of his Majejly's fubjetts rejiding in that pari of his Majejly s dominions from whence fitch Jhip or vejfel jhall be re~ jpettively fitted and cleared out \ which faid piovijocs have been found

prtf

Digitized by i^ooQle

*39

1778-] Anno decimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 56.

prejudicial, inafmucb as they prevent any co-partner/hip between his Majejly's fubjeds refiding in Great Britain, and his Majejly'e Jub-jells refiding in Ireland, for carrying on the faid fjhcries; be it therefore declared and enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid bounties (hall and maybe allowed and paid for any (hip or veflel, being the property of his Majefty’s fubjedis refiding in Great Britain or Ireland, employed in the faid whale filheries, which, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou-fand feven hundred and feventy-eight, (hall befitted and cleared out frojn any port in Great Britain or Ireland, purfuant to the directions of thofe adls, or any other adt of parliament now in force, although the whole and entire property of fuch (hip or veflel (hall-not belong to fome of his Majefty’s fubjedis refiding in that part of his Majefty’s dominions, from whence fuch (hip or veflel (hall be fitted and cleared out ; any thing in the faid recited adls to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further declared and enadted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, all (hips and veflels whatfoever built in Ireland, and owned by bis Majefty’s fubjedts refiding in any part of the Britifh dominions in Europe, (hall be deemed Britifb-built, and (hall be intitled to the like privileges and advantages in all refpedls as (hips built in Great Britain; and all (hips and veflels belonging to any of his Majefty’s fubjedts refiding in Ireland, and not jBritifh-bMt, (hall be intitled to the fame privileges and advantages in all parts of his Majefty’s dominions as (hips belonging to his Majefty’s fubjedts refiding in Great Britain, and not Britifh or Irijh-built, are in-titlcd to.

CAP. LVI.

An all to permit the importation of cot ton-yarn, the manufaflure of Ireland, into this kingdom duty-free.

H E R E A S by an ot7, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, A fubfidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other fuens of money, payable upon merchandize exported and imported, a duty was mpofed upon all cotton yarn imported into England: and whereas it is expedient that cotton yarn, of the manufacture of Ireland, Jhould be imported into Great Britain duty-free', be it therefore enadted by the King’s rhoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in ihis prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thar, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, no fubfidy, cuftom, duty, or other impofitioo whatfoever, (hall be demanded, received, or taken, upon any cotton-yam of the manufacture of Ireland, which (hall be imported diredtly from thence into Great Britain $ provided the mailer, or perfon having the charge of

The bounties in the recited adts mentioned (hall be paid for all, veflels the property of his Majefty’s fubjedts in Great Britain or Ireland.

After June t4# 1778, all Arps built in Ireland, >and owned by his Ms jetty's European fubjedts, to be^ deemed Bri-tifli'built, etc.

Preamble.

Adt 17. Car. c. recited.

After June 14, TT78, cotton-yarn, of the manufadture of Ireland, may be imported into

Digitized by Google

HO Great Britain duty free; the matter of the velTd bringing with Dim a proper certificate from the officers of the pott where the goods were put on (ward, etc.

Anno decimo o&avo Georgii III. 0.57,58. [1778.

the (hip or vettel importing the fame, (hall bripg with him a certificate or certificates from the chief officer or officers of the port or place in Ireland where fuch goods (hall be put on board, expreffing the marks, number, tale, or weight, of the goods in each bale or package mentioned in the bill or bills of lading, with the name or names, place or places of abode, of the exporter or exporters from Ireland, and the name or names, place or places of abode, of fuch other perfon or perfons that (hall have fworn the goods therein mentioned to have been bona fide of the manufacture of Ireland, without fraud or covin, and where and to whom the faipe are conligned in this kingdom ; and the matter, or perfon having the charge of the (hip or vettel in which fuch cotton-yarn (hall be imported, (hall alfo, upon his arrival, make oath, before the collector, or other principal officer of the cuttoms, St the port of importation, (which oath fuch col!eftor? or other principal officer of the cuttoms, is and are hereby re-fpeftively authonfed to adminifter), that the faid bales, parcels, and goods therein contained, are the fame bales, parcels, and goods, which were taken on board, by virtue of the faid certificate or certificates fo to be produced \ any law, cuflom, or ufage, to the contrary nolwithftandmg.

CAP. LVII.

An aft for railing a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the lei vice of the year one thoulaml (even hundred and feveuty-ei^ht.

Preamble. Commiflioners of the treafur/ may raife 500,000!. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1779, in manner as by the land tax aft of this fefl'1011 is prefcribed, etc. i’he ciaules in the (aid aft relating to loans or bills, extended to this aft. Exchequer bills fo ifTued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6; 1779. Aftion not to lie for fuch retufal. Money fo raifed to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid \ and if none be granted before July 5, 1779, t0 chatgtd on the linking fond. Monies lo ilfued to be replaced out of the fit it fupplies. Bank of England authorifed to advance the faid fum on the credit of this act 9 a£t 5^6 Gul. & Marie notwithihuidiog.

CAP. LVIII.

An aft to explain and amend fo much of an	made in the fourth

year cf the reign of his prefent Majefiy, as relates to the preventing the ciandejline conveyance cf fugar and panelcs from the Britilfi colonies and plantations in America into Great Britain.

Preamble. \KT H E R E A S, by an all made in the fourth year of the reign „ c	V	V of his prefent Mayfly, (intituled, An aft for granting Qcr-

reciied/0 3 tain ^uties ,n Briti/h colonies and plantations in America \ for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an aft patted in the (ixih year of the reign of his late umjetty King George the Second, intituled. An all for the beltir fecuring and encouraging the trade cf his Mfefifs fugar colonies in America ; for applying the produce of fuch duties, and of the duties to arife by virtue

of

Digitized by Google

1778J Anno decimo oftavo GeoRgii III. c. 5$.	<4<.

of the faid a6t, towards defraying the expences of defending* prote<5ting, ^nd fecuring, the ("aid colonies and plantations ; for	1

explaining an a6t, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An ad for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eaftland trades, ahdfor the better fecuring the plantation trade; and for altering and difallowing fevernl drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more eflfedtually preventing the clandeftine conveyance of goods to and from the faid colonies and plantations, and improving and fecuring the trade Certain affida-between theTame and Great Britain;) it was amongfi other things *,ts wer* t0 be enacted\ That., from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, fhe'coM^cK-, one thoufand Jeven hundred andfixty-four, every perfon or perfonsy etc. by all per-loading on board any Jhip or vejfel, in any of the Britifh colonics or Ton* Shipping plantations in America, any rum or fpiritsffugars or paneles, melaffes any *’l,gars or or fyrups, as of the growth, product, or manufacture, of any Britifh colony or plantation, jheuld, before the clearing out of the faid Jhip or colonies in Vejfel, produce and deliver to the colie Clpr, or other principal officer 0/*'America. the cujloms, at the loading port, an affidavit to. prove the faid rum or (pirits,fugars or panties, melajies or Jyrups, to be the growth, produce,	*

or manufacture, of the faid colonies or plantations, in the manner directed by the faid aCt; and that fuck collector, or other principal o fficers of the cu/loms,Jhould, ivithin thirty days after the failing of the Jhip or vejfel, tranfmit. an exaCl copy of the faid affidavit to the fecre-tary’s office for the refpedive colony or plantation where the goods were Jhippedy on forfeiture of five pounds, to be recovered in the manner v directed by the faid aCt: and whereas by another aCf, made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, fo much of the faid aCt as related to melaffes or Jyrups Bas been repealed: and whereas the re-JlriCtions and regulations, preferibed by the faid aCt of the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, have been found inffficient to Prevent the importation of foreign fugar and paneles into this king- After March dom; for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Mfiejly that it may be ile^or enaCied; and be it enaefted by the King’s moll excellent mnjefty, eTc. flnll.witli-by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and in 30 days temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament a fie mb! ed, after failing of and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft day of March one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, the cen^y of the collector, or ofher principal officer of the cufloms, to whom affidavit to the fuch affidavit fhall be produced and delivered, (hall (without fee fecretary's or reward,) within thirty days after the failing of the fhip or ofiJce ior the veflel, tranfmit one exa<5t copy of the faid affidavit, to the fecre- cp pny * tary’s office, for the refpe&ive colony or plantation where the copy^Ve jti-fugar or paneles, referred to in the faid affidavit, were (hipped ; dices.ere.ot • arfd (hall alfo, within the like fpace of thirty days, tranfmit an- th- parifh other exaeft copy of fuch affidavit to the j unices and veftry of the *hce the parifh and panfhes, precinct or precincts, where the faid fugar ^|ar grcw* or paneles grew, or were produced and manufactured, on the penalty of forfeiting fifty pounds for every fuch omiiTbn and ^1.**°* y° negledt.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Penally on in cafe any juftice of the peace of the faid colonies or plantations

(hall,

Digitized by L.00Q le

14* fore they are properly authenticated.

After March

779>fugar or paneles imported into Great Britain from America, without a proper certificate, {hall pay duties as foreign fugar, etc.

Penalties to be fued for, etc. in the fame manner as thofe mentioned in the before recited aft.

Preamble.

A& * Geo. 3. recited.

Anno decimo oflavo Georgii 111. c.59. [1778*

(hall,' from and after the faid firft day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, fubferibe his name to any paper or parchment writing, purporting to be an affidavit for the purpofe diredlcd by the faid a & of the fourth year of the reign pf his prefent Majefty, unlefs the perfon or perfons, purporting to make fuch affidavit, (hall actually appear before him, and be fwornupon the holy evangelifts to the truth of the faid affidavit, that then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch juftice of the peace (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of fifty pounds.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority dforefaid. That, from and after the faid firft day of March, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-nine, if any fugar or paneles fhall be imported into Great Britain, from any Britijh colony or plantation in America, without, or (hall not be included in, the certificate required in and by the faid acl of the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, that then, and in either fuch cafe, all fuch fugar and paneles {hall be deemed and taken to be foreign fugar and paneles, and (hall be liable to the fame duties, reftric-tions, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, in all refpedts, as fugars and paneles of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of any French colony or plantation would be refpeCHvely liable to by law ; any thing in the faid rcciteJ adi, or any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaCted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral penalties herein-before mentioned lhall be fued for, had, recovered, di-ftributqd, and difpofed of, in fuch and the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as the feveral penalties mentioned in the faid before-mentioned adt, of the fourth year of the reign of hi* prefent Majefty, are in and by the faid adt directed to be fued for, had, recovered, diftributed, and difpofed of.

C A P. LIX.

An aft to amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the raifing and training the militia within that part of Grear Britain called England ; and to eflablijh certain regulations with refpefl to officers /crying in the corps of fencible men dire fled to be raifed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned.

WHEREAS // /j of the utmojl importance to the internal defence of this country, in times of war and danger of inva(ion, that the militia /I)ould be kept up as complete as poffible: And whereas by an afi, made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majejh, intituled, An acft to explain, amend, and reduce into one adt of parliament, the feveral laws now in being relating to the raifing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; it is (amongfl other things) tnafted. That all fuch militia men, whofe times of fcrvice in the militia /hall be near expiring, dating the time the regiment, battalion, or independant company, in

which

Digitized by L^ooQle

1778-] Anno decimo oftavo Georgii III. c.59.	143

which they ferved, /hall be embodied and abfent from the county, ridings or place, to which they belong, Jhall be returned, by the commanding officer of fuch regiment, battalion, or independant company,

/* /A/ county y riding,	placeffor which they fervt,	fo as that they

may reach the f ’aid county by the expiration oj their term; but no provision is made for the immediate fupply of others in the place of fuch militia men fo returned as aforefaid, the want of which, in actual itruafion, immediate danger thereof might be of the utmoji detriment to the publick Jafety: and whereas it would not only greatly promote the publick fervice, but be of much eafe and advantage alfo to fuch perfonsas may be chofen by lot for fuch corps of militia as may be at a defiance from home, and to others, who may be willing to ferve as fubjlitutes for the fame, if fuch perfons, whofe times Jhall be near expiring, were to be engaged to continue as fubjlitutes for fuch as may be chofen by lot, as aforefaid; be it therefore enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That Direftions'for whenever any corps of militia (hall be embodied and abfent from cortunanding the county, riding, or place, to which it belongs, the command- ^hemditTa'i*1 ing officer of fuch corps (hall apply to every man whofe time embodied, and (hail be within four months of expiring, and who in his judge- at a diftance ment (hall be fit to ferve, and enquire if he be willing to continue from home, his fervice for a further term of three years, and for what fum or price he (hall be fo willing to continue it, if required; and alfo that the commanding officer of every corps, during fuch time as the fame (hall be embodied, and at a difiance from home, as aforefaid, (hall, on the firft day of January, March, May^ July9 September, and November, refpedtiveiy, or as foon after as conveniently may be, tranfmit to the clerk of the general meeting Lift of private of the county or riding to which his corps (hall belong, a lift of all fuch private militia men in the faid corps whom, upon ap- f^nce, to be plication made as aforefaid, he (hall find willing to renew their tranfmitted to fervice as aforefaid; in which lift (hall likewife be fet down the tbe clerk of ftim for which he (hall be fo willing to renew and continue his thc	'

fervice as aforefaid; which lift (hall be figned by the militia men mccun$» fo contenting as aforefaid, and be made in th$following form ;

Digitized by v^ooQle

144	Anno	decimo	oftavo	GeoRgii	III.	c.	59.	[177 8.

dated the	day	of

Name of the County.	Names of the Men afluaily ierving.	IfStibftifufe*, tor whom they ierve.	Of tjic Pariih of	I ft the  H undred of	Time of his Service expire* on the	Engages to ferve 5 Years longer if required, for the Sum of	Signature of Lonfent.
	A.l.	C.D.	P.	H.		• \	A.B.
	E. r.			1.			E.F.
	G.K.	L. M.	R.	N.  t		#	CK.

who (hall tranfmit duplicates to the clerks of the fubdivifion meetings:

Seven day9 after which, fubdivifion meetings (hall be held.

Bufmefs to be done at thofe meetings.

and that fuch fignature as aforefaid fhall be binding and con-clufive, to all intents and purpofes, on the perfon fo figriing as aforefaid.

II. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the clerk of the general meeting (hall tranfmit to each clerk of the fevcral fubdivilion meetings rcfpecftively,duplicates or copies of fuch parts of the faid lifts as contain the names of fuch perfons as ferve for the parifties, town (hips, or places, within fuch refpedtive fub-divifions ; and the clerk of each fubdivifion meeting refpedlively (hall, on receipt thereof, forthwith give feven days notice for a fubdivifion meeting to be held, at which the whole number, whofe rimes fhall expire within four months of the date^ of the faid lifts, fhall be chofen by lot, or otherwife fupplied, according to the ftatutes in that cafe made and provided ; and the deputy lieutenants or juftices prefent at the fubdivifion meeting, when the men fo chofen fhall attend to be fworn and enrolled, fhall acquaint each man who fhall be chofen for any parifh, townlhip, or place, in the laid fubJivifion, if there be any of thofe who are at that time ferving for the fame, who are willing to continue his or their fervice as fubftiture or fubftitutes for the next three years, after the expiration of his or their prefent term of fervice, and alfo with the price or prices for which he or they are willing fo to continue the fame; and the perfon or perfons chofen as aforefaid fhall declare whether he or they be willing to give the prices which fhall appear, by the lifts aforefaid, to be agreed to be taken by the perfons then ferving, who (hall have figned their confents as above directed; and fuch perfons as are willing fo to

give

Digitized by v^ooQle

1778.] Anno decimo oftavo Georgii III. c. 59.	145

give the Turns To fet down as aforefaid, (hall fignify their confent thereto, and (hall forthwith pay, into the hands of the deputy lieutenants or juftices, fuch Turn or fums as (land refpedlively in the faid lifts againft the names fo fubfcribed as aforefaid > which fum or Turns of money (hall be, by the Taid deputy lieutenants or juftices, remitted to the commanding offidbf of the corps of militia, and be by him paid to fuch perfons refpecftively as (hall have engaged to Jjervc as above-mentioned, who, on the receipt thereof, (hall be fworn and inrolled as is herein-after directed : Jodjce to ad* and that it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace ^om ulti* for the county, riding, city, divifion, or place, where fuch re- mcn> ^ to giment, battalion, or independant company, (hall happen to be, certify the . to adminifter the oath to every fuch militia man ; and fuch ju- fame* ftice is hereby required to certify fuch oath, under his hand ahd feal, to the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or independapt company, according to the form herein-after directed ; which certificate (hall be good and valid to all intents and purpofes, as if the perfon fo fworn had been inrolled.

Form ^CERTIFICATE.

Jhirey 1 A. B. of the parifb of C. in the county of I). hired as a Form of cer* to tvit. J fubftitute to ferve in the militia for E. F. of the pari/b tiiicatc. of G. in the county of H. came this day before me J. K. one of bis Mojejifs juftices of the peace for the county of and took and fubfcribed the following

oath; videlicet,

I A. B. do Jincerely promife and futear, that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to his majejly King George, his heirs andfuc-ceffors \ and I do fwear that lam a proteftant% and that I will faiths fully ferve in the militia within the kingdom of Great Britain for the defence of the famey during the time which I am fo certified for, unlefs lam fooner difchargrd.

So help me GOD.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, In counties That m all counties where the number of men is fufficient to ^.g^i^two form two companies only, theeldeft captain (hall rank as major, companies^ but (hall only be intrtled to the pay of captain; and no clerk tbe eldeit cap-(hall be allowed where the number of men is fufficient to form tain to rank as only one or two companies, but the receiver-general (hall pay ma)or>ctc* the money neceflary for fuch number of men to the commanding officer of fuch company or companies, who (hall account with him for the fame.

IV.	And whereas, by the laws now in being for raifeng and training Acceptance oC the militiay within that part 0/Great Britain called England, it is acommiflion provided, that the acceptance of a commiftion in the faid militia /hall jj* not vacate the feat of any member returned to ferve.in parliament: raen ntied, and whereat his Majejly has thought proper, for the more effectual or to be railed, .Vol. XXXII.	L	pro-

*

Digitized by

146	Anno decimo o&avfr Georgii III. c. 59. [177®^

in Great Bn- protection and internal defend of that part of Great Britain called th*n,ffil whlch Scotland, to direft that fencible men; in fevered of the Jbires in that JhalfnoTbe Part °f	united kingdom, Jbould be forthwith raifed and embodied :

intitled to and whereas officers, ferving in any of the faid corps of fencible men, half pay, etc. will not, by virtue offuch fervice, be intitled to receive half-pay, or thereof t0 ^ave anP ran^ ** army, after the faid corps Jball be difmijfed notvacatea Qn^ di[embodied, but will befimiiar to, and as near as may be on the feat in parlia- fame footing with officers Jerving in the militia rf England : and tntau	whereas hit Majejly may think proper to grant commiffions to officers

to rai/e corps for the defence of this country, the officers of which corps may likewife not be intitled to receive half pay, or to hold any rank in the army, after the faid corps Jball be reduced and difembodied; be it enadied and declared. That the acceptance of a commiffion in any corps of fencible men, raifed or to be raifed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in any other corps which his Majefty may authorife and diredt to be raifed in any part of Great Britain, in which the officers (hall not be intitled to half-pay, or to any rank in the army, after the redudion of the faid corps, (hall not, nor (hall be conftrued to vacate the feat of any member returned to ferve in parliament.

Officers in V. And whereas it is necejfary to afeertain the rank to bt held by ue* raifed the officers of certain corps raifed, or to be raifed, within that part of cibie^n^and ^*reat Britain called Scotland, called fencible men, or of any other militia^fficers, arPs °f men which may be raifed within Great Britain, wherein to rank ac- % fucb officers Jball not be intitled to rank or half pay, except during the ' cording to	time of the actual fervice of fuch corps, with 'refpefl to the officers of

femority.	militia	of that part 0/Great Britain called England, during the

time that the officers of Juch corps, and of the militia, Jball ferve together ; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the officers of fuch corps ancNuLihe militia, of equal degree, (hall rank according to the date of their refpe&ive commiffions. Lord lieute- VI. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That where nanr,in cer- a battalion of militia is commanded by a lieutenant colonel, tain cafes,may w^0 (ha]j have been commandant of the fame for five years or commiffion to l°n8er> lt bc lawful for the lord lieutenant of the county, a lieutenant riding, or place, to which fuch militia (hall belong, with the colonel. confent of his Majefty, to give to fuch lieutenant colonel commandant a commiffion of colonel, any thing in any adl of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

No quarter- VII, And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore-maiter, fur- faid. That no perfon, ferving as quarter-mafter, furgeon, or Son^terk *to* ^>atta*l°n dark, in the militia, (hall, from the time of palling this be promoted a<^> be appointed to any other commiffion in the militia, higher higher than a than that of a lieutenant, during the time he adts as fuch, lieutenant. though he (hould have fuch qualification as the law requires for fuch higher commiffion.

Commanding VIII. And whereas, in and by the faid recited aft, it is (among(I officer, with 0ther things) enabled. That when the militia of any county, riding, or of* heWd * plaCi> Jbould be ordered out into adual fervice, it Jfmdd and might b$ lieutenant,etc. lawful for the captain of any company of militia to augment his com-may accept of pony, by incorporating, with the confent of bis filajeft/s lieutenant,

.	,	■or.

177*•] Anno dmmo oSavo Georgii III. c. 59.'	147

or* in the abfence of bis Majefiys lieutenant* with the confent of two volunteers, to or more of the deputy lieutenants* any number of perfons who Jhould ratcd^nto'the offer themfelves as volunteers* and who Jhould appear to him to be othCr Compa-Juffiaently trained .and difeiplined* and provided with proper clothes* nies, or to arms* and accoutrements, and who Jhould take the oath* and perform form a the other a£h therein preferibed; be it further enacted by the au- comPany-thority a fore fa id. That it (hall and may be lawful for the commanding officer, with the confent of his Majefty’s lieutenant, 0% in the abfence of hi* Majefty’s lieutenant, with the confent of any two or more of the deputy lieutenants, to accept a number of volunteers to ferve in the (aid militia, either to be incorporated into the other companies, or to be formed into a diftinft company, In which latter cafe commiffions may be granted by his Majefty’s lieutenant to officers legally qualified to command the fame.

IX.	Provided always. That the number of volunteers in any Number of battalion (hall not exceed the number of men contained in any volunteers in one company of the faid battalion ; and though fuch volunteers to exceed (hould not be provided with proper clothes, arms, and accou- the number of trements, upon the reprefentation of his Majefty’s lieutenant, or mtn in one of two or more of the deputy lieutenants, (uch volunteers (hall company of haye the fame allowance, with regard to pay, arms, clothes, and thc fame*ctc# accoutrements, as militia men are by law intitled to, during the

time of their continuing in a&ual fervice.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That pfficcrs intit-no perfon who is intitled to half-pay (hall be deemed or taken jjjj ton

to forfeit or quit fuch half-pay, during the time he fhall ferve as forfeit the ' a lieutenant or enfign in any regiment, battalion, or independant fame by fcrv-company of militia, but that the fame (hall neverthelefs conti- lnS 88 l’cut<-nue; and, inflead of the bath now appointed, fuch officer (hall take the following oath ;	militia.

I A. B. do fwear* That I bad not* between the	Oath to be

any place or employment of profit* civil or military* t^cn by luc^ under bis Majefly* befides my allowance of naif pay as a reduced 0 ccrl* in	late	regiment	of

(or allowance as	in

late troop of horfe guards* or	regiment	ofhorfe

reduced*) Jave and except my pay as a lieutenant or enfign (as the cafe may bc) for ferving in the militia of the county of

And the taking the fa*»d oath (hall be Efficient to intitle fuch perfon to receive his half-pay, or the faid allowance, without taking any other oath; any thing in the faid recited a<ft, or any other law, ftatufc, or ufage^to the contrary notwithftanding. ,

XL And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That When militia at any meeting for any county, city, or town, whofe militia (hall j? be at that time on aflual fervice, it (hall be lawful for any two deputy* iieute-or more of the deputy lieutenants of fuch county, city, or town, nants, etc. or for any one deputy lieutenant together with any one juftice (hall have the of the peace of fuch county, to have and exercife all the powers f*me P°wert

La.	copratmcct,ngf’

Digitized by

148	Anno	decimo	oftavo GeorGII III. C.59, [17781

asare vefted in conferred, by the faid recited a<ft, withrefpeft to the militia, on three deputy any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants to-etcU by* he re- g^^1, w^h any one juftice of the peace, or any one deputy cited a&. lieutenant together with any twojufticesof the peace, of any county at large, any thing in the laid recited adt to the contrary notwkhftanding; and that the faid deputy lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, and juftice of the peace or juftices of the peace, as aforefaid, (hall have a power to adjourn themfelves from time to time as they (hall -fee proper.

Explanation XII. And whereas doubts have arifen whether any principal or of the recited fubjlitute, duly Jworn and inrolled, according to the aft of the feconi t^militia*men *cat °/PreJent Majejly, who Jhall negleft to join the corps t6 which who (hall ab- be belongs, or who after having joined it Jhall defert or abfent himfelf icond or de- from his duty in the fame, before the expiration of the term for which fert.	be was fo Jworn and inrolled, can be taken up and punijhea according

to law, after the expiration of the three years for which be was fo engaged and fworn; it is hereby declared to be the true intent and meaning of,the faid adt, That every principal, fubftitute, and volunteer, (hall faithfully perform his three years fervice; and if he (hall abfeond or defert, or abfent himfelf from his duty in the fame, before the expiration of the time for which he was inrolled, whenever he is taken, he (hall be fubjedf to be punifhed for fuch default or defertion, and (hall be obliged to complete the remainder of his three years fervice as was unexpired at the time of fuch his default or defertion.

Subftitutesde- XIII. And whereas feveral perfons have made a praftice of taking Wid«Vuffcr- money toferve* and have deferted, and the pecuhiary penalty on fuch ing military" P*rf<MS in general cannot be levied for want offubjlance, and the alter-

Jmnifbment, native of fix months imprifonment, in the common gaol of the county to erve three which they belong, tends not only to corrupt injlead of amending their years from the morals, but is a lofs to the publick as well as to their families, and alfo apprehenfion. a 4r/a* ixPence t0 fab parijb as is by law obliged to fupport fuchja-milies \ be it therefore enadled by the authority aforefaid, That every fubftitute, fworn and inrolled after pafling this a<ft, who (hall defert, whenever he (hall be taken, over and above fach military puniftiment as (hall be inflidled on him, (hall ferve for and during the fpace of three years, to be computed from the day on which he was apprehended ; and the commanding officer (hall order notice to be given, to the clerk of the fubdiviiion in which he is engaged to (erve, of his defertion, and the time of his apprehenfion, that he may make a fre(h entry of his name in the roll of the men to ferve for fuch parifh, for three years From the time of his apprehenfion, as aforefaid.

When any XIV. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in militiaman cafe any principal, fubftitute, or volunteer, (hall abfcdnd,defert, deferts, com- or abfent himfelf from his duty, and (hall not return or betaken ficer to certify *n t^le *Pace	months, that then, upon certificate thereof

the fame to * from the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or in-the deputy dependant company, to the deputy lieutenants and juftices of the lieutenants,	peace of the hundred or divifion for which fuch perfon fo ab-

etc*	fconding, deferring, or abfenting himfelf, was fo chofen by lot,

'	'	‘	hired.

Digitized by (^.ooQle

xy78.]	Anno dccimo o£tavo Georgii III. c. 59.	149

.hired, or ferved as fubftitute or volunteer; and fuch deputy "ho (hall hold lieutenants and juftices of the peace are hereby required to hold a fubdivifipn meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another per- baiioJfor an-fon to ferve and be returned to the regiment, in the room of fuch other perfon peTfon fo having abfconded, deferted, oi^abfented himfelf; and to ferve in his in cafe fuch abfentee (hall at any time return or be taken, he t00™*

(hall, notwithftanding any perfon (hall be fo chofen to ferve in his room, be compelled to ferve out the remainder of his time, as herein-before directed.

XV.	And whereas, in order to evade the proviftons already made Perfons bal-by the laws now in being concerning the raijing of the militia, per* lotted pre-fons may pretend to be quakers who are not actually of that perfuafion, J5nd'nSto

be it enalled by. the authority aforefaid, That, from and after j^^eater-the palling of this alt, when the lot (hall have fallen on any one tificate there-being, or pretending to be, one of the people called Quakers, of, figned by no man (hall be deemed, taken, and accepted to be a quaker two routable within the meaning of the faid recited alt, of the fecond year of tha/per” the reign of his prefent Majefty, unlefs he produces, before fuafion.

* the deputy lieutenant and juftices of the peace at their fubdivi-fion meeting, a certificate, under the hand of two or more reputable houfekeepers of the people called Quakers, acknowledging him to be one of their perfuafion.

XVI.	And whereas doubts have arifen whether perfons employed Perfon* em-in his Majefty s dockyards, are by she faid recited act, made in the Pjoyed ui his fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, liable to ferve, by notlia-themfelves or fubjlitutes, as militia men; for obviating Juch doubts, ble to ferve as be it enalted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or per- militia men* Tons altually employed or muttered in his Majetty's dock-yards

(hall be compelled to ferve personally, or provide a fubftitute to ferve in the militia; anything in the faid recited all, or any * other law, to the contrary notwithftanding,

XVII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enalted, That no nor *h°fe efp-perfon a&ually employed and muttered in his Majefty’s Service j^°a^

at the Tower of London, Woolwich Warren, the Several gun-wharfs v\ce\ttbe *

„ at Portfmouth, Ckathan\> Sheernefs, and Plymouth, or at the Several Tower, Wool* powder-mills, powder magazines, or other ftorehoufes belonging wichWarren, to his Majefty, under the direltion of the board of ordnance, 8“n*tc (hall be compelled to ferve perfonally or find a fubftitute in the w ** ,,c c* militia; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Xyill. And be it enalted by the authority aforefaid. That Serjeants who any perfon who (hall have faithfully ferved as a ferjeant in any ^rvld^Years one corps of militia for fifteenyears, and who (hall be difcharged i^any'one from the fame, on account of his age or infirmities, during the corps of roi-time the corps in which he ferved (hall be in altual fervice, htia, and dif-fhall, on the recommendation of the commanding officer of the faid corps, and the lord lieutenant and two deputy lieutenants of etcllhail be * the county, riding, or place, to which the faid corps belongs, or intitled to exon the death or removal, or in the abfence of the lord lieutenant, amination at by the commanding officer and three deputy lieutenants of the ^ca^h^a county, riding, or place, to which the faid corps belongs, be Doar ,e c*

L 3	entitled

Digitized by L.ooQle

y

i go

Serjeants on the eltabh'Oi.

the militia.

Serjeants of Militia, who* for milbeha-viour, are re duced to the

Anno decimo o&avo Georgii HI. c. 59. [1778.

entitled to examination at the Chelfea board, and be capable to be placed on the penfion of five-pence per diem, if the fatd board (hall judge him deferving thereof. rK . XIX. And beitena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That any fc^Hofpiufat P^rfoki being a ferjeant on the eftabfifhment of Cbelfea Hofpital* as.aday, being at an allowance of twelve-pence a day, and being appointed to appointed to ferve in any corps of militia, (hall and may receive the faid ai-fli*11 lowance of twelve-pence a day, together with his pay from the receive* the faid corps of militia; any law, ofage, or cuftom, to the contrary faidallowance, thereof notwithftending.

togetber with	XX. And be it enatfed, That any ferjeant of militia (who

their pay in fhali9 by the commanding officer of his regiment, or by the fentence of a court-martial, be found guilty of mifbsha^ing him-felf as fuch, and to have deferved being reduced into the ranks) (hall, befides any puni foment fo to be inflidted by the court-martial, be obliged to ferve in the regiment to which he belongs as a private militia man for the fpace of one year from the time ranks, (hall be of his being fo reduced into the ranks, rtotwithftaftding he may obliged to have already ferved three years before his being appointed a

t her e in ^ not- ferjeant.

withiianding XXI. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in they may have all counties where the number of men are fufficient to form already ftrved four companies, but are not fufficient to form a regiment, it (hall three years. ancj may ^ jawfu] t0 an(j for ^js Majefty’s lieutenant to appoint In certain’ two perfons legally qualified to ferve without pay as field officers coumies,lord in fuch battalion, with the fame rank a9 if the npmber were lieutenant fufficient to form a regimept.

XXII. And whereas the feveral militia aSls do not fufficiently ex-plain how far any perfon, chofen by lot to ferve in the militia, /hall be compellable to ferve, if he has removed from the place wherein his name was inferted in the lift before he was Jo chofen by lot: and whereas many impediments and delays have arifen to the militia fervice from

to ferve in the julh uncertainty^ and from the different opinions which prevail among be liable there-	deputy lieutenants and jujlices of the peace refpefling this yuejlion ;

to, notwith- andfervatits and unmarried men have availed themfehes of thefe doubts, and have frequently changed their places of abode on purpofe to avoid the fervice, by which means the lots ufually fall on married men, and the burthen thereby becomes unequal; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon chofen by lot to ferve in the militia, ihall be liable to fuch fervice, notwithftanding fuch removal.

XXIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe three deputy lieutenants fhall not attend at any

nants (hall not anriual or other general meeting appointed, by virtue of the fe-attend at any vcra] jaws now jn forcc for raifing and training the militia, fot we*the feme* any c<>unty» riding, or place, that (wo or one deputy lieutenants to be adjourn- or deputy lieutenant attending at fuch meeting, (hall and may ed.	adjourn luch meeting to any other time, and to any place in

fuch county, riding, or place; and in cafe no deputy lieutenant (hall attend at the time and place appointed for fuch meeting, that then the clerk of the general meetings, or his deputy then

and

may appoint two field officers without pay,etc.

Every perfon chofen by lot

Handing he may have changed the place of his abode.

If three deputy lieute-

Digitized by

Google

1778-] Annodcdmo oftaro Georgii III. c.59.	151

and there attending, fhall and may adjourn fuch meeting to any Other time, apd to any place, in fuch county, riding, or place.

XXIV.	And whereas the families of fuhjlttuteSy hind men, or when the fa-

volunteers9 ferving in the militia when embodied and called out into miJies of fub-o&ual fetvicoy and ordered to march, may become chargeable to the	etc#

farijbes to which they belong; be it therefore ena&ed by the au- chargeable to thority aforefaid. That one-half of the allowance made to fuch their pa» ifhes, families fhall be reimburfed ,to the overfeer or overfccrs of the half the ex-parifh, tithing, or townlhip, where the family of any fuch fub- Pe.n<*8 fh*J* be ftitute, hired man, or volyntcer, fhall become chargeable, by the [heoverfeers* treafurer of the county, riding, or place, in which fuch parifti, by the trea-tithing, or townfhip, (nail lie; and the account of the faid over- furerof the feer and overfeers, verified on oath before a juftice of the peace county, etc. within the county, riding, or place, in which the family of fuch fubftitute, hired man, or volunteer, fhall be chargeable, and counterftgned by a juftice of the peaces for fuch county, riding,

'Or^lace, fhall be a fufficicnt voucher to the faid treafurer for the

payment of fuch fum.

XXV.	Provided always, That any relief which fhall be given Provi/o. to the family of any tpihtia man, during the time of actual fervice, (hall not deprive fuch militia man from voting for the de&ion of any member to ferve in parliament.

XXVI.	And whereas the deputy lieutenants, chief maglflrates, Deputy lieu-and jtdflices of the peace, in feveral counties, cities, and places, where tenants, etc. the militia have been raifedy have in feme inflames proceeded to chufe by indemnified hty and to fwear in militia men and fuflitutes for fuch refttflivc *?r hav.ln5 counties, citieSy and places 9 previous to the times at which the fame {^Umen/etc. ought to have been done purfuant to the provifions contained in the previousto militia laws now in being; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, the times ap-That fuch proceedings of the faid deputy lieutenants, chief ma- P°mtcd f°r giftrates, and juftices of the peace, are hereby declared valid and * at P*irpo e. effe&ual; and the faid deputy lieutenants, chief magiftrates, and

juftices of the peace, are hereby refpe&ively indemnified for fuch their proceedings.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. All milkia That any perfon holding, or hereafter accepting a commiffion officers above in the militia of a higher rank than that of lieutenant, not hav- j^utenanr to ing already delivered in his qualification, who fhall negleft to deliver in their deliver in, to the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or qualifications place, in and for which he is or (hall be appointed, a fpecifick within fix description of his qualification, in writing, figned by himfelf, ^p^ffingThis within fix months after the palling of this adf, or within the or after fpace of fix months from the time of his accepting of fuch accepungtheir commiffion as aforefaid, fhall be, and is hereby declared inca- commiffions, pable of holding the fame, and the faid commiffion is hereby

declared null and void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever. tobe void!

XXVIII.	And whereas an att was made in the twenty-fourth The benefits year of the reign of bis late majefly King George the Second, (inti- etc. granted* tuledy An a£t for rendering juftices of the peace more fafe in the to juftices by execution of their office; and for indemnifying conftables, and ** a&°f*4-others, ailing in obedience to their warrants:) And whereas it is £ndCdto*cu-

L 4	fteceffary	tenants, etc.

Digitized by

Anno decimo txftavo Georgii II1.-C.6o.	[1778.

Preamble.

A& 11 and v % Gul« 3.

Certain clau-lei in the faid

afting in exe- ueceffary to extend the provifions of the faid aft to this aft, with re-UdaUws fPe^ t0 ti*utenants and deputy lieutenants ; be it therefpre ena&ed -by the authority aforefaid, That all and every lieutenant and deputy lieutenant, adling in the execution of the militia laws* (hall be intitled to all the benefits and protections by the faidaCt granted to fuch juftices of the peace.

CAP. LX.

An aft for relieving his Majejly's fubjefts prof effing the popijh religion from certain penalties and disabilities impojed on them by ati at1, made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An adt for the further preventing the growth of popery.

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal certain provifions in an aft of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the I bird, intituled. An aCt for the further preventing the growth of popery, whereby certain penalties and difabilities are impojed on perfons profejfmg the popijb religion ; may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enaCted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo much, of the faid adt as relates to the apprehending, taking, oj the wofecut!° Pr°frcul*ng, of popifti birtiops, priefts, or jefuits; and alfo lo ingpopiihbi- much of the faid ad as fubjeCls popifti bifhops, priefts, or je-(hops, etc. and fuits, and papifts, or perfons profefting the popilh religion, and impnfoning keeping fchool, or taking upon themfelves the education or who keep government or boarding of youth, within this realm, or the fchooU} and dominions thereto belonging, to perpetual imprifonment ; and difabling pa- alfo fo much of the laid adt as difables perfons educated in the t®,l\her>t popifti religion, or profefting the fame, under the circumftances faint etc*in t^erc^n mentioned, to inherit or take by defeent, devife, or limitation, in pofleflion, reverfion, or remainder, any land$, tenements, or hereditaments, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, and gives to the next of kin, being a proteftant, a right to have and enjoy fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments; and alfo fo much of the faid a& as difables papifts, or perfons profefting the popifti religion, to purchafe any manors, lands, profits out of lands, tenements, rents, terms, or hereditaments within tfie kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, and makes void all and Angular eftates, terms, and other interefts or profits whatfoeverout of lands, to be made, fuffered, or done, from and after the day therein mentioned, to or for theufeor behoof of any fuch perfonor perfons,or upon any truft or confidence, mediately or immediately, for the relief of any fuch perfon or perfons; (hall be, and the fame, and every claufeand matter and thing hcrein-before mentioned, is and are hereby repealed.

1 jan(jg> II. And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That every ct^undertitles perfon and perfons having or claiming any lands, tenements, or not hitherto hereditaments, under titles not hitherto litigated, though derived

(cent, etc. in England or WaJef,etc.etc.

repealed.

Perfons having or claim-

"V

Digitized by CjOoq le

*77®-! Anno decimo odavo Georgii HI. c. 60.	153

rived from any defcent, devife, limitation, or purcfyafe, (hall litigated, (hall have, take, hold, and enjoy, the fame, as if the faid ad, or any thing therein contained, had not been made; any thing in the faid ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.	ad.

III.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing herein ^ contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to affed any adion or^ znf fuit now depending, which (hall be profecuted with efFed, and adion now without delay.	depending,

IV Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained (hall extend,ctCt or be conftrued to extend, to any perfon or perfons but fuch nor to extend who (hall, within the fpace of fix calendar months after the to,anX perfon parting of this ad, or of accruing of his, her, or their title, be-ing of the age of twenty-one years, or who, being under the momht after, age of twenty-one years, (hall, within fix months after he or (lie pairing this lhall attain the age of twenty-one years, or being of unfound oc coming mind, or in prifon, or beyond the feas, then within fix months after fuch difability removed, take and fubfcribe an oath in the lowing oath, words following:

I A. B. dfi fincerelj promife andjwear, That I will be faithful and The oath.

bear true allegiance to his majejly King George the Third, and him will defend, to the utmojl of my power, againjl all confpiracies end attempts whatever that Jhall be made againjl bis perfon, crown, or dignity; and I will do my utmojl endeavour to difcbfe and make known to his Majejly, his heirs and fuccejfors, all treajons and tralter ous confpiracies which may be formed againjl him or them; and I do faithfully promife to maintain, fupport, and defend, to the utmojl of my power, the fuccejfton of the crown in his Maje/ly’s family, againjl any perfon or perfons whatfoever; hereby utterly renouncing and abjuring any obedience or allegiance unto the perfon taking upon himfelf the flile and title of Prince of Wales, in the life time of his father, andwho, face his death, is faid to have affumed the Jlile and title of King of Great Britain, by the name of Charles the Third, and to any other perfon claiming or pretending a right to the crown of theft realms; and I do /wear, that Ido rejeft and deteft, as an uncbrijlian and impious pofition. That it is lawful to murder or dejlroyany perfon or perfons whatfoever, for or under pretence of their being hereticks; and alfo that unchrijlian and impious principle, that no faith is to be kept with hereticks: I further declare, that it is no article of my faith, and that I do renounce, rejeft, and abjure, the opinion, that princes excommunicated by the pope and council, or by any authority of the fee tf Rome, or by any authority whatfoever, may be dtpofed or murdered by their fubjefts, or any perfon whatfoever: and Ido declare, that Ido not believe that the pope of Rome, or any other foreign prince, prelate,

Jlate, or potentate, hath, or ought to bave> any temporal or civil ju- , rifdiftion, power,fuperiority, or pre-eminence, dir eftly or indirectly, within thij realm. And I do folemnly, in the prefence of God, profefs, tejlify, and declare, that I do make this declaration, and every part thereof, in the plain and ordinary fenfe of the words of this oath j without any evafion, equivocation, or mental refervation whatever, and without any difpenfation already granted by the pope, or any authority of the fee of Rome, or any perfon whatever $ and without

thinking

Digitized by

Google

154	Anno decimo o6tn.ro GjKorgH III. c. 61. [1778.

thinking that I dm or can be acquitted before God or man, orah/ofved of this declaration, or any part thereof although the pope, or any other perfons or authority whatfoever, Jpall difpenfe with or annul the fame, or declare that it was null or void.

Cdtirt df	4 Which oath it (hall be competent to his Majefty’s high court

chancery, , of chancery, or to any of his Majefty's courts of record at cord at Weft-	the courts of great feflions within the principality of

minfttr,courts Wales and county palatine of Chejler, the courts of chancery or of great (ef- common plea? within the counties palatine of Lancafter and fioiuin Wale*, Durham, or to any court of general or quarter feflions of the etc. may ad- peacc Gf any county, riding, liberty, city, borough, town, or oath. r place, in the kingdom of England, or in the principality of Walts, to adminifter, and they arc hereby required to adminifter rhe A regifter to fame accordingly : of the taking and fubfcribing of which oaths be kept of the a regifter (hall be kept and preferved, in the manner prefcribed fubfcnbine thc *aws now *n h^ng requiring oaths from perfons taking the fame. offices or employments.

Thia ad not V. Provided always, and it is hereby ensured and declared, to extend to That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued any popifti bi- to extend, to any popi(h bilhop, pried, jefuit, or fchoolmafter, A°S,CtC ha?e 'V^° not ^avc ta^cn an<* hibfcribed the above oath in the takeiTthe faid ab°ve words before he (hall have been apprehended or any pro-oath before he fecution commenced againft him.

was apprehended, etc*

CAP. LXt.

An all for repealing certain provifions in two alls, made in the firjl year of the reign of Spueen Anne; one intituledAn ad for the relief of the proteftant purchasers of the forfeited eftates in Ireland; and the other intituled, An ad for advancing the fale of the forfeited eftates in Ireland, and for vefting fuch as remain unfold by the prefent truftees in her Majcfty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, for fuch ufes as the fame were before veiled in the laid truftees 5 and for the more effectual felling and fetting the faid eftates to proteftants; and for explaining feveral ads re!ative*to thc lord Bophin and ftr Redmond Everard.

Preamble. Wf H E R E A S by an aft, poffed in the firjl fejfion of the firjl VV year of Spueen Anne, intituled, An ad for the relief of the aftof1 Anns Prote^ant purchafers of the forfeited eftates in Ireland, it is en-feff. 1! n * aBed, That all difpofetions and Jales of the feveral lands, tenements9 and hereditaments, efiates and interefis, therein mentioned, which bad been then fold or controlled for, or Jhould be thereafter fold, by the trufiees therein mentioned, Jhould be made to protejlants only; and that every papijl, or per Jon profejjing the popijb religion, Jhould be difabled and made incapable to take any part thereof, or any interejl in or out of the fame \ and that all conveyances and declarations of trufl to any papijl, or perfon proftjfing the popijb religion, concerning the fame, Jhould be void and of none effell\ and that no fuch papijl, or perfon prof effing the popijb religion, during his continuing to be fuch, Jhould be capable to inherit, take, or make title to, by defeent, pur chafe, limitation.

1778.] Anno decimo o&avo GboRQII III. C.61.	155

mi tat ion, devife, or other conveyance, or to have, hold, or enjoy,

^ the faid lands, tenements, hereditaments, ejiates or tnterefts, or any truft or interefl therein;	/&?/	//	<wiy	ptrofejfing the

popifi religion, or educated in the fame, and not having folemnly and publickly renounced it, being of full age, /ball not9 within the fpcce of	,

fix months after the accruing of bis or her title, or, being under the age of eighteen years, /hall not, within fix months after be or fie Jhall attain the age aforefaid, take the oath of allegiance and fupremacy9 and fubferibe the declaration in the faid aft mentioned, and continue to'be a proteftant, every fuch perfon Jhall be difabled to Inherit or take by defeent, devife, or limitation, or pur chafe, any of the faid eftates or tnterejls, or any truft or intereft in or out of the fame; but that, during the life of fuch perfon, or till tis conformity, the next of his kindred who Jhall be a proteftant Jhall have and enjoy the premifes, without being accountable for the profits; and that all leafes for lives or years, or otherwife, to be made of any of the faid premifes, Jhall be made to fuch perfons only as are of the proteftant religion: and if any fuch leafe /ball be made to, or in truft for, any papift, or perfon pro-feffing the popifi religion \ or if any fuch leafe be made to a proteftant, and the fame /hall be afterwards affigned to, or in truft for, a papift, or perfon profe/fing the popifi religion, every fuch leafe and alignment Jhall be void, and the perfon making fuch leafe or ajfignment, and the perfon to whom, or for wbofe ufe or benefit, the fame /ball be made9 I in cafe of acceptance,) Jhall forfeit treble the full value of the faid lands fo affigned and accepted: and whereas tie faid feveral prohibit Which was lions and penalties were re-enafted and further enforced, by an aft £ulth*jrhm" pajfed in the fecond feffton of thefirft year'of her majefty Sjueen Anne,	the **

intituled. An ad for advancing the fate of the forfeited eftates in fame year, Ireland; and for vefting fuch as remain unfold by the prefect fclT. a. troftees in her Majefty, her heirs and fucceftbrs, for fetch ufes as the fame were before vefted in the faid truftees ; and for the more effectual felling and fetting the faid eftates to proteftantej and for explaining feveral ads relative to the ford Bophin and fir Redmond Everard: may it therefore pkafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritiial and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of fame. That the faid herein-recited The recited ads, pa fled in the firft year of the reign of her fate majefty a&*in Part Queen Anne, fo far as they prohibit, difqualify, or difable any KP<aled# papift, or perfon profiling the popifti religion, from taking, holding, or enjoying, any eftate, right, title, interefi, claim, property, or demand, of, to, or in, any of the lands, tenements, hereditaments, eftates, or interefts, in the faid ads mentioned ;

©r which inflid any penalty on the perfon making or accepting any intereft in the fame, (hall, from and after the patting of this ad, be repealed, and ceafe and be void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

CAP.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno dccimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 62,63. [1778.

Preamble.

16 Geo. 3. c. 4j. rccitec).

CAP. LXIL

a# to continue an aft, made in the Jixteentb year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad to authorize, for a limited time, the puniftunent, bv hard labour, of offenders who, for certain crimes, are or mall become liable to be tranfported to any of. his Majefty’s colonies and plantations.

WHEREAS an oft of parliament was made in the fixteenth year of the reign ef bis prefent Majejly, intituled, An ad to authorize, for a limited time, the punifhment, by hard labour, of offenders who, for certain crimes, are or (hall become liable to be tranfported to any of his Majefty’s colonies and plantations : and whereas the f aid aft it near expiring; be it therefore en-aded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and conlent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid ad (hall be, and is hereby continued, continued till from the expiration thereof, until the firft day of June, one June 1,1 ?79* 'thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine.

CAP. LXI1I.

An aft for enabling trujiees under particular turnpike afts, to meet and carry fuch afts into execution, notuAthJlanding they may not have met or adjourned agreeable to the directions of fuch afts \ and for preventing difputes touching the payment of tolls for horfes or carriages belonging to or employed by officers or foldiers on duty.

Preamble.

and further

WHEREASi/to happened, and may hereafter happen, that the trujiees appointed, or to be appointed, by aft of parliament, for amending or repairing particular turnpike roads, have omitted, or may omit, to meet or adjourn in the manner direfted by fuch afts re-fpeftively, or that the day or days, appointed for the firft meeting of the truftees, has or have ela'pfed, or may elapft, before the paffing of fuch afts refpeftively, whereby the intent of Juch refpeftive afts hath been or may be fruftrated; for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That in all cafes where the truftees, appointed, or to be truftCft ^DcJcr appointed, by any ad or ads of parliament, madeortobe made, repairing f°r ame°ding or repairing any particular turnpike roads, (hall turnpikeroads not have met, or (hall not meet, on the day or days appointed, lhall negledto or to be appointed, for their firft meeting, by any fuch ad or ads meet on the refpedively, or on any day or days appointed, or to be appointed, by adjournment, for their meeting, or have not adjourned, or (hall not adjourn, in the manner direded by any fuch ad or ads of parliament, or when the day appointed, or to be appointed, for the firft meeting of the truftees, has elapfed, or may elapfe, before the pafling of fuch ad or ads ; it (hall and may be lawful for any five or more of the truftees appointed to execute fuch ad or ads refpedively, in any or either of the cafes

aforefaid.

In cafe the

day appointed, etc.

any five tru- • fteei may appoint a meeting.

Digitized by Go< e

1778-] Anno decimo o&avo Geqrgii III. 0^64.	157

aforefaid,to caufe notice,under their hands, to be affixed on all the turnpike gates which (hall be then eredted on fuch roads refpec-lively; or, if no turnpike gate (hall be then ere&ed,to caufe the like notice to be affixed in fome dbnfpicuous place, in one of the market-towns near the roads directed to be repaired as aforefaid, and alfo to be published in fome newfpaper circulated in that part of the country, at lead twenty days before the intended meeting, appointing the truftees to meet at the place where the lad preceding meeting was appointed to have been held, or at the place directed for the firft meeting of fuch trudees, if no preceding meeting (hall have been held; and the faid trudees, when met in purfuance of fuch notice, (hall and may, and they are hereby impowered to carry fuch adt or adts into execution, in the fame and as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purpofes, as they might or could have done, if no fuch negledt or omiflion had happened, or fuch adt or adts had been pafied previous to the day or days appointed for the firft meeting of the trudees refpedtively, and fuch trudees had met on fuch day or days according to fuch appointment.

II.	And whereas difputes have arifen with refpeft to the exemptions meant to be allowed, by feveral afts of parliament for repairing Carnages and of pubHck roads within this kingdom, for the horfes of officers and ^incai^m" foldiers upon their march or duty, and for carriages attending them; the armsor^ in order to prevent fuch difputes for the future, be it enadted baggage of and declared by the authority aforefaid, That no toll or duty officers or whatfoever (hall be demanded or taken, by virtue of any adt of {^^march parliament already made, or hereafter to be made, for repairing etc exempted any of the publick roads within this kingdom, for or in refpeft firom tolls; of any horfes belonging to officers or foldiers upon their march or upon duty, or for any horfes, cattle, or carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the arms or baggage of any fuch officers or foldiers, or in carrying any lick, wounded, or dilabled officers or fofdiers; and no carriages fo employed (hall be fubjedt to be	.

weighed at any engine eredted, or to be eredted, upon any turn- Suchearriaget pike road, or the owner or driver thereof liable to any penalty or forfeiture for carrying any greater weight than is or may be * allowed by law to be conveyed in any fuch carriage, any adt of parliament made or to be made to the contrary hereof not* withftanding.

CAP.. LXIV.

An adt for enabling bit Majefty to raife the fuip of one million, for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned.

Preamble. Credit of loan granted to his Majefty for t,ooo,ooo1. Treaftiry nny raife the faiqe by Joans or exchequer bills, in like manner as is pie-fenbed by the land tax att of this feffion, concerning loans, etc. The claufcj, etc. in the faid adt relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to the loans, etc. to be made in purfuance of this adt. Principal and intered, with charges, to be paid out of the next fupplies, and if none fufficient be granted before July 5,1779* *bcn to be paid out of the (inking fund j and the monies fo iflued to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. The bank impowered to advance, on the (aid credit of loan, any fum not exceeding i,ooo,oool.

CAP.

Digitized by v^-ooq ie

f

156	Anno decimo oflavo Georgii III* c.65. [177s.

C A P. LXV.

An afl for fettling and fecuring a certain annuity on the earl of Chatham, and the heirs of the body of the late William Pitt, earl of Chatham, to whom the earldom of Chatham /hall defctnd, in confideration of the eminent fervices performed by the faid late earl to bis Majejly and the publick.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble.	THERE	AS	we*	your	Maiefifs	mojl dutiful and loyal

.VV commons^ did unanimously adarefs our [elves to your Majejly, humbly to befeech sour Majejly that you would be gractoujly plea fed to bejlow fomefignal and lajling mark of your royal favour) on the family of the late William Pitt earl of Chatham, and to ajfure your Majejly, that whatever, from sour princely goodnefs% your Majejly Jhould think proper to be granted) this houfey animated by the gratitude which they, in common with the tejl of your Majejly*s fubjeflS) feel towards the memory of that upright and diftnterejled miniJleT) and ambitious of giving a tejlimony of their approbation to that publick virtue anafpirited conduct which dire fled the councils of this country in the lajl glorious andfuccefful war9 would, with the greatejl chear-fulnefS) make good to your Majejly) to which addrefs9 your Majejly was pleafed to return this mojl gracious anfwer; That your Majejly would take the J'ame into your confideration) and that you would do therein what Jhould appear to your Majejly to be mojl proper, agreeable to tbl defire of your faithful commons; and alfo% by your Majejly*s mojl gracious mejfage, to declare, that your Majejly being) deferous to comply) as fpeedily as poJfiblC) with the faid requejl of your faithful commons) haa given directions for the granting to the prefent earl of Chatliam, and to the heirs of the body of the late William Pitt, to whom the earldom of Chatham Jhall defcend% an annuity of four thou-fund pounds per annum, out of the civil lijl revenue; but that your Majejly) not having it in your power to extend the effects of the faid grant beyond the term of your Majejly*s life, recommended it to the houfe to conjider of a proper method of extending) fecuring) and annexing the fame to the earldom of Chatham, infucb manner as Jhould be thought mojl effectual for the benefit of the family of the faid William Pitt earl of Chatham: we, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament af-fcmbled, duly confidering your Majefty’s moft gracious intention, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted'; and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the An annuity of authority of the fame, That in lieu of the faid annuity of four 4,oool. per thoufand pounds ptr annum, fo diredted to be granted to the piridU™ut of* Pre/cnt car* Chatham) and to the heirs of the body of the late the aggregate kVilliam Pitt) to whom the earldom of Chatham (hall defund, to John feeftd, as aforefaid, one annuity, or yearly rent or fum of four

u	thou*

N

Digitized by Google

1778*] Anno decimo oftavo Georoii III. c. 65.	159

thoufand pounds of lawful money of Gnat Britain, (hall be iflu- earl of Chat-ing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the Ja.m» ai^cl?f duties and revenues which compofe the fund commonly called theTate Wil-*P>t jfggrtgate Fundy and every or any of them, (after paying, or ]iam Pitt earl referving fuflicient to pay, all fuch fum and fums of money as ofChatham, have been directed by any former aft or aftsof parliament to be rO rh01ntl^Ji paid out of the fame, but with preference to all other payments ^Veend! which (hall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of, the faid aggregate fund)} and the fame (hall from time to time The faid an-be paid quarterly, in manner and form following; that is to "1^7 *?b* fay. To John now earl of Chatham, and to the heirs male of the * body of the late William Pitt earl of Chatham begotten, to whom the (aid title, honour, and dignity of earl of Chatham (hall de-icend; which (aid annuity or yearly rent or fum (hall commence and take effeft from the fifth day of Juljy in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eighr, and (hall be paid and payable at the four ufual days of payment in the year, that is to fay, the tenth day of Qflobiry the fifth day of January y the fifth day of April* and the fifth day of July, by even • and equal portions; the firft payment thereof to be made at the paymaa* tenth day of Qflobtr, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven g** IO# hundred and feventy-eight.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the autho- The eirl of rity aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Chatham, to faid John carl of Chatham, and the heirs male of the body of his the (aid father, the faid late William earl of Chatham, for the time being, annuity with to whom the faid annuity or yearly rent or fum (hall deicend, a jointure of being at the age of twenty-one years, or above, by any deed or »>oool. yearly, deeds in writing to aflign, limit, or appoint, any part of the faid

annuity or yearly rent or fum, not exceeding the fum of one thoufand pounds yearly, by way pf jointure or provifion for any woman or women which he or they refpeftively (hall happen to marry or take to wife, for the life or lives ot fuch wife or wives; but that the faid annuity (hall not be charged or chargeable with more than one fuch jointure at any one time.

III.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Cbmmiffion-That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners of ®rr®a^rth

his Majefty’s treafury now being, and the high treafurer and ggn wayrantl under-treaiurer of the exchequer and commiflioners of the trea- for payment fury for the time being, and they are hereby authorifed and re- of the faid quired, by warrant under their hands, to direft the auditor of J5Syniwi3iout the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, to wyfrtu make forth and pafs debentures, from time to time, for paying the faid annuity or yearly rent or fum of four thoufand pounds, as She fame (hall, from time to time, become due and payable, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any part thereof; which faid warrant, and the debentures to be made forth and pafled thereupon, (hall be a fuf-ficient authority to the feveral and refpeftive officers of the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, for the payment of the faid annuity or yearly rent ox fum to the faid John

Digitized by

UooQle

i6o

Such warrants, after figned, to be Valid, not-witbftanding the demife of his Majcfty, &c.

Commiflion-ers of the treafury, See. without fee or reward, tp do all things neceflary to render this ad effectual*

Receipt of the earl of Chatham, &c. (hall be a fufficient difeharge.

The annuity to be tax-free.

If officers of the exchequer (hall refufe to pay the annuity on demand, &c. they may be profccuiedfor the fame.

Anno decimo o£Uvo Georgii III. c. 65. [177**

eari of Chatham, and the heirs male of the body of the faid late William earl of Chatham begotten as aforefaid, or to fuch other perfon or perfons as (hall be intitled to receive any part of the faid annuity as aforefaid, at the refpedtive quarterly feaft days in this a6k before appointed for payment thereof, without any further or other warrant, to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf.

IV.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, after figning of fuch warrant, the fame lhall be good, valid, and effedual in law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this a6t; and (hall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the demife of his Majefty, (whom God long preferve), or of any of his heirs or fucceffors, or by or upon the death or removal of any of the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or the lord high treasurer, or bv or upon the determination of the power, office, or offices, of them, or any of them.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That

the commiffioners of the treafury now being, and the high trea-furer of the treafury for the time being, chancellor and under-treafurer, chamberlains and barons of the exchequer, and all other the officers and minifters of the court of exchequer, and of the receipt thereof, now and for the time being, (hall, and they are hereby authorifed and ftridlly enjoined and required to do, without fee or reward, all fuch a&s, matters and things, as are herein before directed and required, or (hall be neceflary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this a6t, and the feveral payments hereby dire&ed, effectual.	.

VI.	And beitena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of the faid John earl of Chatham, and the heirs,male of the body of the faid late IVilliam earl of Chatham^ and of fuch other perlon or perfons as (hall be' entitled or authorifed to receive the faid annuity or yearly rent or fum, or any part thereof, (hall be a good and fufficient difeharge for the payment thereof, without any further or other warrant to be fued for or obtained in that behalf \ and that the faid annuity or yearly rent or fum, and every part thereof, (hall be free and clear from all taxes, impofitions, and other publick charges whatfoever: and in cafe any of the officers of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer (hall refufe dr negleft to pay the faid annuity or yearly rent or fum, or any phrt there-' of, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, or to do any a& neceflary to enable the faid John earl of Chatham, and the heirs male of the body of the faid William late earl of Cha~ tbamy and fuch other perfon or perfons as (hall be intitled to receive the faid annuity, or any part thereof, to receive the fame, then the faid John earl ofChatham^nd the heirs male <5f the body of the faid William late earl of Chatham, and fuch other perfon or per-" fons as lhall be intitled to receive the faid annuity or yearly rent or fum, or any part thereof, may from time to time fue, profe-cute, and implead, fuch officers, or any of them, their executors,

and

Digitized by v^ooQle

1778-] Anno decimo oftavo Georgii III. c.66.	i$i'

and adminiftrators, by bill, plaint, or action of debt, and (hall or may recover judgements, and fue out executions thereupon, againft fuch officers refpeftively, their heirs, executors, or ad-miniftrators, for fo much of /uch fum or fums of money then due and owing upon the faid annuity, yearly rent, or fum, or any part thereof, as (hall have been in the hands of the officer or officers of the receipt of the exchequer, at the time or times when demands (hall have been legally made of the payment of thd faid annuity, yearly rent, or fum, or arty part thereof, as aforefaid, or for the refufal or negleft to do any aft neceffary to be done by fuch officer or Officers refpeftively.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That the faid annuity, yearly rent, or fum of four thoufand earl of Chat-11 pounds, (hall be, and the fame is by this aft veiled in the faid ham, &c, John earl of Chatham, and the heirs male of the body of the faid late William earl of Chatham, to whom the faid title, honour, and dignity of earl of Chatham (hall defcend; and that the fame, and not to be or any part thereof, (hall not at any time or times hereafter be al5en£f °r,n-aliened, conveyed, difpofed, charged, or incumbered, by the	°r

faid John earl of Chatham, or by any of the heirs male of the faid term than the late William earl of Chatham, for any greater or larger eftate or life of the time than during the natural life of the perfon fo aliening, con-* P^yi veying, difpofing, charging, or incumbring the fame, or fo as to prevent the fame from defrendinj* to the heirs male in tail, according to the limitation aforefaid, other than, and according except in to, and in purfuance of, the power for making fuch jointures as making join-aforefaid,	*	*«rei.

VIIL And be it declared and enabled by the authority afore- Publick aft. faid. That this aft (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken, in all cafes, and in all courts and places, to be a publick aft.

CAP. LXVI.

An aft for making proper drains and fewers, for the purpofe of carrying off the water from the prebendal ettate of Halliwell and Finlbury, in the fuburbs of the city of London j and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Preamble, Recital of aft 9 Geo. 3. and an indenture dated May 30,1769,

Mayor, &c. impowered to make a new fewer) and to appoint commiflioa-, ers. Commiffioners to confift of the commiffioners under the aft 11 Geo.3.

'Mayor, See. may appoint officers. Part of the new fewer to be under the management of the commiffioners, &c. for Holborn and Finlbury divi-fions. Power for digging for materials. See. Preamble, reciting that great benches will accrue to certain parts of the county of Middlefex, from the	'

new intended fewer: in confederation of which, the court of (ewers for the faid parts are to pay 1501. per annum, into the chamber of London, by half yearly payments. Certain parts of the new fewer to be completed by June *4, 1779. The faid yearly Aim of 1501. to be placed to the account of the commiffioners underaft xi Geo. 3. In cade of default of payment,' how the fame (hall be recovered. Commiffioners of (ewers to make an equal pound rate for raffing faid 1501. per annum, &c. within certain limits ofthe county of Mi idlefex, according to the yearly rent of the premifes to be rated. In default of payment of faid 1501, per annum, mayor. See. irtipowered to make a pound rate for the deficiency. All tenants, Sec. to pay rates, whether rated or not, Direftioni for affiffing * VOL.xkm.	M	houfea

Digitized by LjOOQie

Anno d«6xnx> o&avo Geqrph III. C.67. [1778,

houfes let out in lodgings, &c. Rates for hqpfes, &c. unteaanted, to be paid by owners, or future occupiers. Dead walls, meeting-hooks, See. to t)« aflefled. Who (hall pay fuck a&flTmeate. How they may be recovered. Bates (hall be paid by obiter* of prfinifes. This aft n* tft fcfr peach any agreement betwfpn landlord and tenant* Opart of fewer* un*. powered to compound for rates to be made by them, Sec. Court pf fewera may alter rates within certain limits. Collectors to be appointed by the court of fewers. Court of (ewers ins powered to pay debts. Common oauofil, pr cpmmi$ofters, may appoint collectors, who are to pay the money into the chamber of London. Golleftor* refuting to account, (hall be committed. Couit of fewers may make additional allowance to thdf clerk, fee. Collectors, Sec. may examine books relating to the poor’s rates* Veftry clerk, Sec. to give them copies thereof, on paying a d. for every ye names, Sec. Penalty on nriltft or refpfal for ton day*. Court of few erf impowered to make new (ewers, Sec. within the limit* of Fiqfbury, Sec. The court of fewprt may communicate the fewers wjthin pipftniry, ftp* with the new fc«yer in the prebend*) eft ate, *nd the fewers iq the city o^ London; but not to exceed in width or depth, the bead of the fewer with which the fame Stall communicate, fee. The fuxveyor of the commiftiooers under the aft of i r Gfa. 3. impowered to (top up luch fewer*, fee. (b coia* rounicating. Penalty on perfons unftopping fuejr fewers, ftc. Surveyor to infpeft fewers. Sec. Penalty on perfons interrupting commiftioners, workmen, Sec. in executing this aft. Penalties bow to be difpofed of. IVeara-We, ryciting part of the wft it Qfo* }• [dating to the aftfimrnts. The foramiflionrrs und*r the aft 11 Geo. 3. impowered to apply 9 competent part of the (ewer rate# direfted to be raifed by (he fame aft. in aid of taw Other rates. Sec. Court of fewers impowered to alter the portion of pipes* Sec. Owners of private dsains to cleanfe the fame. Penalty on negle6c thereof. Property of the fewer*. Sec. vefted in the comnuffioiiers of fewer* foe Holboufn and Finftmfy divifions. Vacant ground lying open, or roads opt of repair, fee. to be mclofed and amended. If owners, Sec. neglcft, edmmiffionen to complete the fame, and tq be reimburfed by the parties negltfting. This aft to commence at the time of hokling the next court of fewers for Holbourn and Finfbury divifions. Fines, forfeitures, and Tate*, how to be recovered and applied. Warrants to he jfiued by the pourt of fevers, to be according to Uve forqa annexed- Charges of diftrela to be levied by the perfons making the faiqe. Clerk, Scc. to fyrnmon the court of fewers when neceflary. Court of (ewers, in the name of their clerk, Sec. may bring aftions for penalties againft this aft, or for the rates. Sec. How plaintiff to proceed in fuch aftions. Court of fewers may ad-minifter an oath, &c. Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends be made. Proceedings wot to be qua (bed for want of form. Orders of the court of fewtrs to be evidence. Laws relating to (ewers to be in force in Holbourn and Finfbury divifions, Sec. except in the cafes before mentioned. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fe (lions. Limitation of aftiops. General iflue. Treble cofts. This aft not to extend to' (ewers, Sec. within the liberties of the tower hamlets. Sec. Comrniffioners impowered to fet up bafSj pofts. Sec. for the lafety of foot paftengers. Property of bars, pofts, Sec. veiled in the citizens of London. Penalty on perfons obftrufting furveyore. Sec. in erefting fences, or for pulling up or damaging the Tame. Pub)ick aft* Form of warrant of difttefe for nonpayment of the rates. Forpi or warrant for want of diftrefs of goods for nonpayment of rates. Form of warrant for wane of diftrefs for nonpayment of fines, Sec. Form of warrant of diftrelif for £nes forfeited to, let, or impoied by, the court of fevers*

CAP. L£VII.

An aft for autknriftng the juft ices of the peace for the county of hfiddk-fcx to fed the prefeit feftioudtaufe for the (aid county, and for enabling them to build answer fofion-houfc in a more convenient fttuation, and to keep the fame tn repair» and for applying the font of eleven thoo-fand poptub (to he borrowed upon tbd credit of the ferplufes of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans* fund) towards defraying the expanse of building the foid f<ffioa*hoofe»

Preamble.

Digitized by

Google

1778.] Anno decitno o&avo Georgii III. c. 68 — 70. I $3

Preamble. Letters patent of the 7 James 1. recited. Soon after the date date thereof. Hick's H%11 was built, &c. The inheritance of the feite of Hick's Hall in the Cuftos Rotulorum and ofhers. The prefent feffion-lioafe ioconveaicnt and ruinous. Commiffioners appointed \ who are to Cake down the prefent feffion-houft, and ufe or fell the materials. The {cite of the prefent (effion-houie to be given to the publick. Commiffion-trs for Saint Sepulchre's to pave the (cite of the prefent ftffion-houfe, and adjoining watch-houfe, See* who (hall be paid 3001. for the fame, out of the monies arifiag by this a£L Commiffioners may purchafe a piece of ground for building the feffiomhoufe. Bodies corporate, See. enabled to convey their eftates to the Commiffioners. If the parties (hall not agree.

Sec. the rccempence to be afcertained by a jury. Jurymen to be fworn.

Witncfles may be examined on oath. Vtrditt of a jury. Scc. to be final,

Reeomponce to be paid to parties within a month after adjudication*

On refufel to accept thereof, the fame to be paid into the bank. Jurors may be challenged. Commiffionen may fine the (herifif or others making default. Cemmiffioners may caufe any building on fuch piece of ground as they (ball purchafe, to be taken down) and a new fdfion-houle to be erected * which (ball not be affdted to any tax at a higher rate than what the ground and buildings were affeffed in 1777. The feffion-boufe not to be begun till a plan and efiimate are made and agreed to. Occupation of the (euBOo-bouJe to be regulated by the juftices. New fe(fion«bou(e to be	‘	■

repaired out of the county rate. No repairs above 51. to be done until an efiomate and contra# made and agreed to. Juftices may provide a convenient place fot bolding their lemons until tbe new (effioo-boufe be

By the Jaft-mentkmcd aa, the corporation of London were impowered to borrow 9 56*000!. on tbe credit of tbe orphans' fund $ and the duty of 6d. per chaldron on coals and culm was further continued fot* 46 years. Said fund computed to be more than fuffirient for the purpofes to which it it applied. City of London to pay an annuity of 4951, to the commiffioners for executing this a#. The mayor. Sec. to grant no bonds for (ecuring tbe annuity. An annuity of 4I. 10 s. to be payable on each bond. Bonos to be numbered, and affignable by indoriement. Annuities to be redeemable by tbe city on fix months notice. Orphans' fund charged with the annuities. Treaforer of the county to pay to the commiffioners fo much money as (hall be neceflary (befides the atorefaid 11,0001) for executing the purpofea of this a#j fo as tbe fame (hall not exceed 4000!. Expencts Of this a# how to be paid. Commiffioners may appoint officers, and AU - low them falaries. place and time of meeting of the commiffioners* Manner of adjourning. Proceedings to be entered in a boojc, Stc. A yearly account of all monies received and paid, to be made by the trea-furcr, and depofittd with the clerk of tbe peace 1 and alio all books, plana* Ac, Books, Scc. may be infpe&ed. Limitation of a&ions. General UTue. Treble oofts. Bonds, Sea directed by this a# not liable to any duty. Publiek a#.

CAP. LXVIII.

An a# for building a bridge acrofs the river Tawey, at a place called The Wich Tree, in the pariih of Lknfamlett, to me oppofite (bore in the parifh.of Llangtvelach, in the county of Glamoigan: for making, proper avenues or roads to and from the (aid bridge) and aho for repairing and widsning the road from Pentre-hrook, near a place called Abernwyberthy, in the pariih of Saint John's, near Swanfca, to tbe faid intended bridge.

CAP. LXIX.

, An aA fo* repairing tbe highways and bridges in the county of Stirling*

CAP. LXX.

An aft p enahla Heftor Munro Efquire, to build and maintain a harbour and pur at tbe t»ws «f Findboi^in tbe county of Eljpa and

Digitized by

Google

Anno decimo o&avo Georgii III. c.71.	£177IL

CAP. LXXI.

An aft for impowiring the mayor, aldermen, aud commons, of the city of London, in common council affembled, to make a ftrcet or opening from Moorfields, oppofite Chifwell-ftreet, towards the eaft into Bifhopffratg-ftreet; and alfo from the eaft end of Chifwell-ftreet weftward into Barbican ; and to raife, upon the credit of the furplufles to arife out of a certain fund, commonly called The Orphans' Fund, the fum of fixteeq thoufand .five hundred pounds for fuch purpofe.

Preamble. Aft 9 Geo. 3. recited* Common council impowered to make a new ttreet from Moorfields to Bifhopfgate-ftreer, &c. which m^y be railed to any height they think proper Ditches and watercourfes to be airbed over or filled up; and drains or fewrrs to oe made, Sec. Common council impowered to purchafe houfes, lands. Sec. for the purpofes aforefaid. The faid power limited to ten years. Bodies politick, Sec. truftees, and other perfons, impowered to fell and convey lands, Scc, when parties refufe to treat, Sec. the mayor's court to iflue a precept for impanelling a jury; who are to be drawn as aft 3 Geo. a. direfts. Jurors may be challenged. Witnefles may be examined on oath. Sec. Jury to affefs the value on oath. Verdift of the jury, Sec. to be final. Previous notice to be given to parties interefted. . Upon payment of the value afieflfed, premifes to be conveyed to the city. When a good title cannot be made, or legal conveyances executed, or the parties are not to be found. Sec. court to order the purchafe money to be paid into the bank, Sec. fubjeft to the order of the court of chancery on motion or petition. Verdifts and judgements. See. to be entered among the records, Sec. Immediately after verdifts and payments, &c. premifes to veft in the city. Mayor's court, on petition, may inveft the money in the publick funds. If the money is not paid, Sec. the (aid verdifts and judgements not to be binding. Purchafe-monies of premifes held in trull, to be invefted in other purchafes to the fame ufes. Bargains and (ales to have the force of fines and recoveries. Perfons having any right, &c. in lands fo purebafed, to enter their claims within a limited time, or be* barred: but may recover the purchafe money, Sec. from perfons receiving the fame. After purchafe, tenants to deliver pofleffion within fix months after notice. On refufal, court to iflue a precept to the fhenflF to deliver pofleflion. Mortgagees, on tender of principal and in-tereft, to convey their mortgages: on refufal, intereft to ceafe. Upon payment of fuch principal and intereft into the bank, premifes to veft in the cky. Monies to be paid or tendered before ufing the premifes. Court of aldermen may fine (heriif, jurors, or witnefles, for not attending, Sec No perfon (hall be compeliable to fell part of his premifes, if he is willing to fell the whole Common council impowered to let, fell, &c. any ground not necefiary for the purpofes of this aft; and to grant licences tor building on part of the ftreets, Sec. No porticoes, benches, balconies, bow-windows, or other projections to be made. Monies arifing by fuch falet or licences to be appropriated to the purpofes of this aft. Common council may inclofe the pafTages, Sec. which adjoin to the intended ftreets, for the purpofes of this aft. Tithes of houfes laid into ftreets to be valued by a jury, and charged on the city eftates. Common council impowered to appoint committees. Perfons interefted not eligible on fuch committees, ferfons not free of the city may be employed by committees. Directions for giving notice of contracts/ Recital of an aft 5 & 6 Gul. Sc Mar. for raifing the orphans' fund. A duty of 6d. per chaldron laid on all coals and culm brought into the port of London. Aft si Geo. s. continuing the faid duty for 35 years', Scc. Aft^Geoh 2. for building Blackfriars bridge: aft 7 Geo. 3. for completing the fame, Scc. On July 5, 1776$ $8,5001. wanted to complete Blackfriars bridge, Scc. 715001. for embanking the Thames; 30,0001. for redeeming, the tolls on London-bridge; 50,0001. for building Newgate; and 10,0001. for lepairing the Royal Exchange. Recital of the powers gr?nted to the corporation of London by the aft of 7 <3cq*3- 156,000!. to be borrowed at jl. 10s. per cent, per ann.

; a ”	4	“	The

Digitized by L^ooQle

1778.] Anno decimo oftavo Georgii III. c.yt.

The orphans* fund was charged with payment of monies thentofore borrowed, and alfo the faid fum of 156,0001. and to render the faid fund fuf-ficient to pay off the faid debts, the duty of 6d. per chaldron on coals and culm was further coptinued for 46 years, See. The order in which the different payments were to be made out of the fund.* How the furplufTes were to be difjpofed of. Court of aldermen were to give fix months notice of their intention to pay the refpeftive turns borrowed, or to redeem the annuities, &c. In cafe of any deficiency in the faid fund, the fame to be fupplied out of the chamber of London. Common council impowered to raife 16,500 !. upon the orphans* fund. Contributors to be intitled to redeemable annuities at 4I 10s. per cent, per ann. Common council to give bonds for fuch annuities, affignable by indorsement. The orphans' fund charged with fuch annuities. Surpluses of the faid fund how to be applied. Upon fix months notice of redemption of annuities, and tender of the money, the annuities to ceafe; but the principal to be dill payable. Deficiencies in payment of the faid annuities, to be paid out of the chamber of London. The 16,5001. to be applicable only for the purpofes of this aft 5 and if any furplus, to be applied to increafe the fund. Chamberlain to keep accounts of receipts and difburfements. Common council impowered to appoint officers, and allow them falaries. Officers concerned in the receipt of money, to give fecurity. Penalty on officers mif-applymg any of the faid monies. City anfwerable in cafe of any mif-applieation of the monies. Amerciaments, Sec. againft the city to be applicable to the ufes of this aft, Sec. Difburfements of the 16,5001. to be included in the chamberlain's annual account. This aft not to affeft any of the city’s prefent creditors. Writings to be without damps. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Expences of this aft how tQ be paid. Didrefs not be deemed unlawful for want of form. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. See. Limitation of actions. General iffiie. Treble cods. Publick aft.

CAP. LXXII.

An aft for erefting a building for holding the courts and exercifing the ju-rifdiftion of the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter in Wedminfter, within the city and liberty of Weftminder, and for holding the quarter feffions of the peace and tranfafting the other pub-lick buiinefs of the faid city and liberty s and for appropriating part of the furplufTes of the orphans* fund, towards defraying the expence thereof.

Preamble. Commifl}oners appointed, who may purchafe a piece of ground for erefting a court houfe. No more than 7,500!. to be expended therein. Bodies corporate, See impowered to fell and convey lands. The purchafe money for lands in fettlement, to be laid out in purchafe of others to the feme ufes. Commiffioners impowered to build the court-houfe. Court-houfe not to be taxed higher than the premifes purchafed were taxed. Commiffioners not to purchafe any ground till valued by a furveyor. Commiffioners not to begin building the court-houfe, until they have ap»

Eroved of a plan and agreed to an eftimate thereof, and contrafted for uilding thereon. The expence of repairing the court-houfe to be defrayed out of the county rates. By whofe order the court-houfe (hall be repaired. Recital of aft 5 & 6 Gul. & Mar. for ettablifhing the orphans* fund; and %\ Geo. a. and 7 Geo. 3. for augmenting the lame. City of London to pay an annuity of *471. I os. to the commiffioners, by half-yearly payments. The mayor, &c. to grant 55 bonds for fecunng the annuity. The bonds to be numbered, and may be fold. Annuities to be redeemable by the city on fix months notice. The orphans* fund charged with the payment of the annuities. The juftices to pay to the commifli-oners (out of the county rates) Aich further fums as (hall be neceflfarv, not exceeding 10001. Expences of this aft how to be paid. Comnufiioneft may appoint officers,' and allow them falaries. Place and time of firffc meeting. Fifteen commiffioners may appoint an extraordinary meeting. Proceedings to be entered in a book. A yearly account of ail monies re-

M3	ccivcd

. 165

r

Anno decimo ottavo Georgii 111. C.73. £177$.

ceiv«d and paid to be made by the treaftirer, and depoCted with the clerk -of the peace. Per font may inlpeft the books. See. When the court-houfc u built, &c. the authority of the comtnifiioners to ceafe, and court-hoafe veiled in tbs dean of Weftminfter, Arc Saving the rights of the juftices for Middlefex to hold their meetings in Weitminfter. Writings to be without damps. Limitation of aftions. General iflue. Treble cofU. Publick aft.

CAP. LXXIIL

An alt for paving the high ftrect or roSd leading from Alderfgate-bars, in the parifli of Saint fiotolph without AJdcrigatc, London, to the turnpike near the end of Gofwell-ftreet, in the county of Middlefex ; and for applying the fum of five thoufand pounds, to be raifed upon the credit or the furpluifes to arife out of a certain fund commonly called The Orphans’ Fund, for fuch purpoie.

Preamble. Recital of aft 5 A 6 Gul. A Mar. for eftablifliing the orphans.’ fund. A duty of 6 d. per chaldron laid on all coals or culm brought iota the port of London. Aft »i Geo. %, by which tbc laid duty was further continued for 35 years. Aft 19 Geo. a. for building Blackfriars bridge. Aft 7 Geo. 3. for completing the faid bridge, Ac. On July j, 1766, <S,iool. wanted to complete Blackfriars bridge, Ac. 7,500!. for embanking the Thames: 30,0001. for redeeming the tolls on London bridge: 50,0001. for building Newgate: and xo^oool. for repairing the Royal Exchange. Common council were impowered to borrow at 3!. xes. per cent, per ann. for the purposes before mentioned. The orphans’ fund charged with the payment of monies thentoforc borrowed, and alfo the fcid fum of 156,0001. and to roodcr the find fund fuffi-cient to pay off the faid debts, the duty of 6d. per chaldron on coats and culm was further continued foF 46 years, Ac. The order in which the different payments were to be made out of the fund. How the furpluffes were to be difpofed of. Court of aldermen were to give fix months no-. tice of their intention to pay the refpeftive fumt borrowed, or to redeem the annuities, Ac. In cafe of any deficiency in the laid fund, the fame to be fupplied out of the chamber of London. Common council impowered to pave the high ftreet from Alderfgate-bars to the* turnpike, and to appoint commiffioners., Commi(Turners to confift of coramiifioners nnder the aft of 11 Geo. 3. for paving the city, Ac. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Common council may order materials to be dug, Ac. and pofts, bars, &c. to be removed; and may employ and contract with any perfons for the performance of the works. Directions for giving notice of making contrafts. Common council or commiilioncrs may compound with perfons for breach of contraft. Penalty on interrupting workmen. Tl^e property of the pavements, Ac. veiled in the citizens of London. Penalty oit perfons damaging the pavements, Ac. Common council impowered to fell old pavements. Common council impowered to raife 5pool, upon the orphans' fund. Contributors to be intitled to redeemable annuities at 4 L 10 s. per cent, per ann. Common council to give bonds for fuch annuities, aflignable by indorsement. Orphans’ fund charged with the faid annuities. Surpluses of the faid fund how to be applied. Upon fix months notice of redemption of annuities, and tender of the money, the annuities to ceafe; but the principal to be ftill payable. In cafe of deficiency in the faid furplufiea, the fame to be made good out of the chamber of London. The 5pool. to be applicable only for tfie purpofes of this all; and if any furplus, to be applied to incrcalc the fund. Chamberlain to keep accounts of rece ptg and difburfements. Common council to appoint oficers, and allow them falaries. Officers concerned in the receipt of money to give (ecu-rity. Penalty on officers mifapplying any of the faid monies. Penalty on officers taking fees. City anfwerablc in cafe of any mi implication of the money. Amerciaments, Ac. againft the city to be applicable to the Lies of this aft. Difburfements of the j,oool. to be included in the chamberlain’s annual account. This aft not to a/fcft any of the city's

grefent

Digitized by

Google

i	Anno	decimo oftavo Gjeorgii III. C.74—79.

prefcnt creditors. Writings not liable to ftamp-duty. Juftices to determine complaints in a luminary way in cafes where no particular mode of recovering is directed. Penalties may be levied by diftrefs. Commif-fidners may compound for penalties not exceeding cl. Penalty on wit-nefTes refilling td attend, See. Saving rights of the commifnonerfc of fewdrs. Application of penalties and forfeitures. Expences of this aft how to be paid. Diftrefs not deemed to be unlawful for want of form, dice. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends be made. Proceedings not to be quafhed for want of form. Limitation of actions. General ifnie. Treble coftt. Publick aft.

CAP. LXXIV.

An aft to amend an aft, parted in the twenty-fixth year of King George the Second, more effeftually to enable the parifnioners of the pari Hi of Chriftchurch, in the county of Middlefe*, to purchafe, hire, or ereft a workhoufc, for the employing and maintaining the poor of the laid parifh, and for the more cfTeftual fupport and employment of the poor therein.

CAP. LXXV.

An aft for making a navigable canal from the town of Bafiflgftoke, in the county of Southampton, to communicate with the river Wey, in the parifh of Chertfey, in the cduntv of fturfey: and to the fouth-eaft fide of the turnpike road in the parifn of Turgus, in the faid county of Southampton.

CAP. LXXVl.

An aft for better paving, clean fin g, lighting, and watching, the ffreets and lanes in the town of Dover, in the county of Kent, and in the feveral parifhes of St. Mary the Virgin atid St, Jadies the Apoftle in the faid town and county; and for removing and preventing nuiftices and annoyances therein.

CAP. LXXVII.

An aft for paving and repairing the ftreets, lanes, and other publick paflages and places, within fuch part of the liberty of Norton rofgate, in the county of Middlefex, as is extra-parochial; and certain parts of Magpie-alley, and Bloftom-ftreet, in thd parifh of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the faid county; and for removing obrtruftions and annoyances therein.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An aft for applying the fum of nine thoufand pounds, to arife out of the furpluftes of a certain fund, commoly called The Orphans’ Fund, for the pufpofe of making a paflige for carriages from Spitalfields to fli-fhopfgate-ftrcet, in the county of Middlefex.

Preamble. Aft 5 & 6 Gul. & Mar. recited. City of London to pay an annuity of 405I. to the commiflioncrs; and for that purpofe to iflue bouds under their common feal. Value and condition ot the bonds. Bonds to be numbered, and may be fold. Application of the money arifing from fale thereof. Annuities to be redeemable by the city on fix months notice. The orphans’ fund charged with the payment of the annuities.. Perfons advancing money to pay expenses of this aft, to be allowed intcrcft for the lame. Publick aft.

CAP. LXXIX.

Jtl a&	for pavings chanting,	light, and thatching tht town of

Northampton; and for renaming and preventing objlrutlions, and annoyances therein.

M 4	CAP.

Digitized by v^.ooQle-

Anno decimo oftavo Georgii III. C. 80-85. £1778. CAP. LXXX.

An ad for widening and improving a certain avenue called Dirty-lane, and part of Brick-lane, leading from Whitechapel to Spi-tal-fields, in the county of Middlefex j and for paving Dirty-lane, andalfo the eajlftdc of Petticoat-lane, from Whitechapel High-ftreet to Wentworth-ftreet; the /aid avenue called Wentworth-ftreet; from thence in one continued line, through Old Montague-ftreet, Chapel-ttreet, and Princes-Kow, to Baker's-row inclu-five, and the feveral Jlreets and pajfages leading into the fame; and for removing all obfiruftions and encroachments therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

CAP. LXXXI.

An aft for continuing the terms and enlarging the powers of two afts, one pajfed in the feventb and the other in the eighth years of his prefent Majejlys reign,for repairing and widening the roads from Oxford over Botley-caufeway, to Fifield, in the county of Berks,

' and Witney, in the county of Oxford.

CAP. LXXXII.

An aftAo enlarge the term and powers of feveral afts pajfed in the Jixth and twelfth years of King George the Firft, the twenty-eighth year of his late Majefiy, and the ninth year of his prefent Majejlys for repairing the roads from Stevenage, in they county of Hertford, to JJigglefwade, in the county of Bedford, and other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft, made in the twenty -fifth year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, tor repairing the road leading from Long Horfiey bar or gate, on the poft road near the town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horfiey, Weldon-bridge, and IVhittingham, to the river Breamijh, and from thence to Percy's Crofs, in the county of Northumberland.

CAP. LXXX IV.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of fevered afts for repairing the road from Highgate Gatehoufe, in the county of Middlefex, to Barnet Blockhoufe, in the county of Hertford j and the road jrom the Bear-inn in Hadley to the Angel in Enfield-chace; and alfo Canewood-lane leading from Highgate to Hampftead, in the faid county of Middlefex ; and the rood beginning at Bar-net Blockhoufe and ending at the Bear-inn in Hadley aforefaid,

C A P. LXXXV.

An aft for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an aft, made iff the thirty fccond*year of the reign of his

* late nude fly King George the Second, for repairing the road from Wakefield to Aufierlands, in the weft riding in the county of York*

CAP.

Digitized by

Google

1778.] ^Anno decimo oftavo Georgii III. c* 86-92,	169

C A P. LXXXVI.

An ait to enlarge the term and powers of an ail, pojfei in the thirty third year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the bars at Boughton, within the liberties of the city of Chejler, to Whitecburch, and from thence to Newport, in the county of Salop, and other roads in the /aidaft mentioned; and for making a road of communication from the faid road between Whitchurch ^Newport, to the prefent turnpike road from Newport aforefaid to Ecclefhall, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An ail to enlarge the term of an aft pajfed in the thirtiethyearofhis late majefy King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Towcefter, through Silverflon and Bradley, in the county of Northampton, and Ardley, and Middleton Stoney, to Wefton-gate, in the parifh of Wejlon on the Green, in the county of Oxford.

CAP, LXXXVIII.

An ait for repairing and widening the road from the Birches Brook to Buildwas-bridge, and from thence to join they Watling-ftreet turnpike road at Tern-bridge, in the county of Salop.

CAP. LXXX1X.

An ait far enlarging the term and powers of an ait, made in the ' twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for amending; widening, and keeping in repair, feveral ' roads leading from the market-houfe in the town of Much fVenlody in the county of Salop, and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Gleeton-hill to Creflage, in the faid county.

C A P. XC. .

An ail to enlarge the term and powers of three ails, of the third and feventeen\h years of the rfign of King George the Seconds and the tenth year of the reign of bis prefent MajeJly,for repairing the road leading from Galley-corner, adjoining to Enfield-chace, in the parifh of South Mims, in the tountyof Middlefex, /i^ems-ford-mill, in the county ^Hertford.

CAP. XCI.

An ait for repairing and widening the road from Stoken-church, in • the county of Oxford, to Wheatley-bridge, and from the faid bridge to Endow-bridge, and from Wheatley-bridge to the mileway leading towards Magdalen-bridge; and from the mileway leading from Saint Giles’s Church, near the city of Oxford, by Begbroke, to New Woodftock, in the faid county.

CAP. XCII.

An ail for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an ail, made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his late Majejly, for widening and repairing die high road leading from

Nortbal-

Digitized by	/

Anno decinao oftavo OeorgiI III. c. 93-96. ff 77

Northallerton to tht fodth Mall of the Church-yard of the town of	Tbirjk, and	from the fouth-edft end of the ftrett called

Finktll-jlrut, in Thirjk aforefaid, to and through the town of* Eqfingwtuld, in the county of	to a place called Burton—

flam* near the city of York j and alfo the road from Tbir/sb aforefaid to Tepcliffi* in the north riding of the county of Ytrk.

CAP. XCIH.

An	alifor repealing ttrtaln parti if three feviral alls of	,

of the firjlf the	fevtnttjtnth* and the thirtieth years of the reign of

his late	mmefly King George the	, for repairing

reads	leading to andfrom the borough	of Eveftum, in the county

of Worceuer: and for repairing and widening the toad from Evefh am-bridge, in the find	to tht Globe Inn in

Alceftcr, in tht county ^Warwick.

CAP. XCIV.

An all for enlarging the term ini poweri of an , made in the tbirttetb year of tht reign of bit late majffly King George -cond, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the eaffend of the town of Hertford* in the county of	Hertford, through Watton, to and from	the

town of Ware* through Watton* to the north end of the town of	Waliern* in the	faid county.

CAP. XCV.

An aOfor amending* widening* turning* altering* and repair* the reads from Whiftlc-bridge, in	a/BarWiCk,

in the aunty of Semerfet, to the turnpike	parijb	of

Charminfter, in the county of Dorfet , and from the croft in the town of Maiden Newton, to a flof water in the parijb of South Perrott, m the eoUnty ofDorfet; and from a place tailed FUrzc-mdof Gate, in the parijb of Brbadwinfor, to Lenhartt’s Water, in the parijb of Beamifter, and from Bugler’s corner in town of Beamifter, to tho Dorfet (hire Inn, in the parijb of Woolcombe j and from Upfydling Ewe Leaze, to the town of Cerhe Abbas, and front the t if Frsrmpton, join the weflern turnpike road near Steepletoh, in tht faid county of Dorfet.

• CAP. XCVI.

An cl1 for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an a&* mad* in the thirty-frond year of the reign of bis late majtfty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the jroad leading from the eaft fide of	in	the

county of York, to the middle of Grange Moor* and from thence to Waite Croft, and alio the road from the guide-poft in Barugb to a rivulet called Batugh , and from thence for two hundred yards over and beyond the fame rivulet or brook into the townlhip of Cawtborne* in the faid county.

CAP.

k 778.] Anno declmo oftavo Georgii III. c. 97—103.'	171

CAP. XCVII.

An aft Jar more ejfeftuolly amending, widening* and keeping in repair, feveral roads leading from the town of Taunton, in the eounty of Somcrfct; and far repealing two afts, one of the twen-ty-fifib year of bis late Majefty,	/A# s/Arr of the fifth year	of

his prefent Majefty, relating to the faid roads;	for amending,

widening,	keeping in repair, feveral other roads adjoining

thereto.

CAP. XCVIII.

dtf /ir repairing and widening the road from the city */Glou-ccftcr the town of Stroud, /a the county of Gloucester.

C A P. XCIX.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft,	in the twen-

ty-ninth year of the reign of bis late majefty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from a place called Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond-, and from the top of Hinkfey-bill to Foxcombe-hitl Gate in the road leading to Farringdon* in the county of Berks.

CAP. C.

An aft for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an aft, made in the twenty fix tb year of the reign of his late Majefty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the feveral roads leading from the Red Pojl, in the parifti of Fivebead* through the towns of Langport and Sonterton, to Butwell; and alfo from Curry Rivell to Puckington Lane, and from Cambridge to Street Crofs, in the county of Somerfet; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral other roads adjoining thereto.	*

C A P. CI.

An aft for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an aft, made in the twenty ^Jbeth year of the reign of his late md-jefty, for repairing and widening the roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the towns of Shepton Maiet and foelcbefter\ in the county of Somerfet,Jo far as the fame relates to the toads	*

therein called The Ivclcheftcr Turnpike Roads.

CAP. C1L

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft, pafjed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads leading from the city of Gloucejler, towards Cheltenham and Tewkefiury, in the county of GlOSe-after.

CAP. CIII.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from Chippenham-bridge, in the county of Wilts, to the top of Togg-hill, in the county 0/Giouceftef; and from thetlone pillar to the top of Old Sodbury Hill, in the faid county of Gloucefter.

CAP.'

Digitized by Google

£

Anno dccimo o&avo Georgii III. c. 104—109. [177

An abl for enlarging the term and powers of an ably made in th* ' tkirty-firjfl year of the reign of his late majejly King George ttnt Secondy intituledy An afor repairing and widening the roads from Donnington High-bridge to Hale Drovey and to the eightra mile-ftone, in the parifh of TVig-tofty and to Langret Ferry $ in the county of Lincoln.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an ably made in the thirty-firjl year of the reign of his late Majejly, for repairing the roads from Leeds to Sheffieldy in the county of Tork% fo far as tbefame relates to the road from Wakefield to Sheffield; and alfo one other ably made in the fir ft year of the reign of bis prefent Majejly y for amending and rendering more ejfeblual the faid abt.

An abl to enlarge the term and powers of feveral ablSy pajfed in the fourth year of King George the Firft, and the ninth and thirtieth years of King George tbe Second, for repairing the highways from Crown Corner, in the town of Readingy leading by and through the feveral parilhes of Shiftfield and Heckfieldy in the feveral counties of Berkty Wilts% and Southampton to Bafing-Jlote, in the faid county of Southampton.

An abl to enlarge the term and powers of an ably pajfed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majejly-King George the Secondy for repairing the road leading from the town of Morpethy by or through Mitfordy Thropplty Long-witton9 and by the north fide of Rothley Pari Wally to Sting Crofsy and to the v High Crofs in Elfdon9 in the county of Northumberland.

An abt for continuing and amending an ably made in the twenty ft xth year of the reign of his late Majejly y for repairing the road leading from the town of Penrithy in the county of Cumberlandy by Hutton Hally over Skelton and Cajlle Sower by PafiureSy and Se-braham-bridgey to Chalk Becky in the faid county; and alfo the road which branches and feparates from the fame road, upon Cajlle Sowerby Pajlure aforefaid,and leads from thence through Hejktty othermitHeJket-newmarkety to Caldbecky in the faid county.	1

An abl to impower the truftees for amending the road fromUttoxetir to Newcaftle-under-lyme, in the county of Stafford, to repair and widen the road branching out of the faid road at Lower-lane, to the turnpike road on Hem-heath, in tbe fame county.

C A P. CIV.

C A P. CV.

CAP.' CVI.

C A P. CVII.

CAP. CVIII.

CAP. CIX.

CAP,

Digitized by

* 77^0 Anno decimo oftavo Georgii IIL c. i 10—114. - iyj CAP. CX.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, pajfed in the . thirtieth year of the reign of bis mafejly King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from the north end of Dapdon-wharf, in the parith of Stoke, next Guldeford, through .	Guldeford to Andrew*s Crofs,	and to Alfold-bors,	in the county

of Surrey, and from thence to Sdint Marfs Gate, in Arundel, in the county of Suffer.

CAP. CXI.

An aft for continuing the term of an aft, made in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majejly, intituled. Aft aft for amending, repairing, and widening, the roads leading from the Rye-way, in the parifh of Yarpole, in the county of Hereford, to Prejleigne% in the county of Radnor, and from thence to Leiniwardine; . and from Prefleigne aforefaid, to the top of Trap-hill; and from the Rye-way aforefaid, by the Maidenhead, to Wooferton, in the county of Salop \ and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair feveral other roads, branching out of the roads comprifed in the faid aft.

CAP. CXII.

An aft for more effeftually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the town of Northampton to Chain-bridge, near the town of Market Harborough, and from the di~ reftion poft in Kingfthorpe, in the county of Northampton, to Welford - bridge, in the faid county; andfor repealing feveral a ft 5, made in the eighth year of King George the Firjl, and the twelfth and twenty-third years of his late Majejly, relating to the faid roads.

CAP. CXIII.

An aft for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an aft made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his late mayfly King George the Second, intituled. An aft tor repairing, amending, and widening the road from Keighlye, in the weft riding of the county of York, tp Kirkby in Kendal, in the county of fVeftmoreland.

C A P. CXIV.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from Tetbury, in the county of Gloucefter, to and through Malmelbury, to Chippen-ham-bridge, in the county of Wilts; and from Malmefbury to the turnpike road at or near Jackament’s Bottom, in the faid county of Gloucefter; and alfo the road from Farringdon to Cricklade, from thence to Malmefbury, and to the turnpike road at Afton T urville; and alfo from Sherftone to the turnpike road leading from Tetbury to Bath.

CAP#

Digitized by L^ooQle

*74

Anno derimo o&avoGeorgii III. c.i 15,116. (177^-C A P. CXV.

A* oB for reputing an a8, made in the twenty-fifth year ef the. reign ef his late nujefiy King George the	for	repairing'

and widening the road leading from a part of the road (directed to be repaired by'an ad parted in the laft feflion of parliament, from Cartifieto Newcafilt open Tyne) near	y	to

another part of the road (lb making from Cartifie to Neva-tofilt) upon Sbildon Common, in the county of Northumberland 5 and for making, more efftflual provifion for the repair of the faid road.

C A P. CXVI.

An off for	altering, repairing, and	, the road from Sumner

Rods Bar, near the town of Hexham, in the ^Northumberland, to the town of Alrton, in the county of Cumberland.

END of PART I. VOL. XXXII.

Digitized by

Google

THE ,

%

Statutes? at J,a*j|e,

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. Regis.

Being the FIFTH Seflion of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

by

D ANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, Eiq;

Vol. XXXII. Part II.'

Digitized by	?le

THE	'

STATUTES at Large, &c.

'Anno	regni G E O R G11 III. ,

lice	Britannice,	Francice,

decimo Nono.

AT the parliament begun and at Weft-minfter, the twenty-ninth day of November,

Anno Domini 1774, in the fifteenth year of the reign of our fovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of	God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland,

King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by feveral prorogations, to the twenty-fixth day of November, 1778; being the fifth feffion of the fourteenth parliament of Great Britain.

• \

C A P. I.

An aft for further continuing an aft, made in tie feventeenth year of the reign of bis prefent Majtfly, intituled, An adt to impower his Majefty to fecure and detain perfons charged with, or fufpe&ed of, the crime of high treafop, committed in any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantation^ in America, or on thd high feas, or the crime of piracy. !

WHEREAS an aft was made in the feventeenth year of Preamble.

the reign of bis prefent Majefty (intituled, An a6t to l? QWt nr. impower his Majefty to fecure and detain perfons charged with, cap. 9; recited* or fufpeAed of, the crime of high treafon, committed in any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, or on the high feas, or the crime of piracy;) which was to continue and be in force until the firfi day ^January, one tboufand fevtn hundred and fe*

Venty eighty and no longer: and whereas an aft was made in the laji feffions of parliament for continuing the faid aft until the fir/l day of January, one thoufandfevtn hundred and feventy-rnnfy and no longer:

Vol. XXXII.	N	and

Digitized by v^ooQle

and further continued till Jan. 1, 1780.

Preamble.

The term limited by lav* for paying the drawback on the exportation of muflins and white cal-l-coesj extended^. '

Anno decimo nonoGeorg 11 III. c.a.—4.	[x 779-

and whereas it is expedient that the /aid firft-mentioned tiff Jbould be continued for a furthei* term ; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enadted by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, that the faid firft-mentioned ad, and all and every the daufes, provisoes, powers, and qualifications therein contained, fhall be, and the fame are hereby further continued until the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, and no longer.

CAP. II.

An ad for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be railed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine. At Jour /billings in the pound.

CAP. III.

An ad for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice cf the year one thoulaad leven hundred and feventy-nine.

CAP. IV.

An at1 for granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of certain muflins, callicoes, and coffee.

WHEREAS there are great quantities of mujhns and white callicoes fill remaining in the kingdom, which were imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, which, by reajon of the interruption given to trade by the rebellion and dif urbane es fubftjling infevera I of the Britifh colonies in North America, the proprietors of fuch goods have not been, and may not be able to export within the term of three years from the importation thereof, being the time limited by law to intitle them to receive the drawback of the duties thereon; and it is reafonable and neceffary that fome further time fhould be granted for the exportation of Juch goods; may it therefore pleale your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, for all muflins and white callicoes which were imported by the faid united company into this kingdom, in the years one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, one thoufand feven hundred and fevernty four, and one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, and which fhall be exported from hence before the thirtieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty; and for all muflins and white callicoes imported into this kingdom' by the faid united company, in the years one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, and one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, and which (hall be exported from hence before the thirtieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one; and for all muflins and white callicoes which have been exported from this kingdom, and which were returned

here

1779-] Anno dccimo norio Georgii III. c. 4.

here for want of a market abroad, on or before the thirtieth day of Dumber, otie thoufand feven hundred and feventy five, and which (hall be re-exported again from hence before the thirtieth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, whether fuch mud ins or callicoes (hall have been printed, painted, ftained or dyed, in this kingdom, or not, the exporter or exporters of fuch goods (hall be allowed and paid the fame drawbacks, under the like rules, regulations, fecUrities, penalties, and forfeitures, as fuch exporter or exporters would be intitled and liable to, in cafe fuch goods had been exported within the term of three years from the importation or return thereof ; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithffanding,

II. And whereas by an aft, made in the fixteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, (intituled, An adt for granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of muflinS and callicoes imported by the Eafi India company in the year$ one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-three, and one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four; for allowing further time to the faid company to expofe to fale fuch bohea and finglo teas and coffee as remained unfold on the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix; and alfo fuch bohea teas as (hall be imported on or before a certain time; and for allowing the drawbacks on the exportation of fuch teas and coffee; and for granting further time for allowing the drawback on the exportation of coffee imported in the thip Shrewf-bury, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-tHree,) it was, amongft ottier things, enafted, that, for and during the term of five years, to be computed from the time of importation, there Jhould be drawn back and allowed, for all coffee which Jhould be exported from this kingdom as merchandize to Ireland, or any of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, to the exporter or exporters thereof fuch and the fame drawbacks or allowances, and under fuch rules, regulations, fecuritics, penalties, and forfeitures, as fuch exporter or exporters would have been intitled to in eafe fuch coffee had been exported within the term of three years from the times of the importation thereof: and whereas very fmall quantities of coffee are exported from this kingdom to Ireland or the plantations, thp principal ana chief of fuch exportations being to Germany, and other parts of Europe; and it is expedient that the faid in part recited aft Jhould extend to other foreign parts; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, that the faid in part recited ad (hall extend, and be conftrued to extend, to allow the like drawback for any coffee which have been exported from this kingdom to any foreign parts, fince the fifth day ok April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fix, and which then remained in the faid company's warehouses unfold, or which (hall be hereafter fo exported to any foreign parts within the term of five years from the importation thereof, under the fame rules and regulations, fecurities penalties, and forfeitures, as the former drawback was allowed; any thing in the faid recitedad, or any other ad, to the contrary notwithstanding.

N 2	CAP.

*77

16 Geo. ftT. cap 51, recited*



Part of the faid ad, i elating to tne drawback on the exportation or coffee to Ireland or America, extended to other foreign Parts.

Digitized by L^ooQle

*78

Anno decitno nono Georgn III. c. 5.	[1779*

CAP. V.

An <7/7 for granting relief totht copters of with rtfpifl to bringing and landing certain French prizes in this kingdom.

Preamble{ XU«E *E.A.S	.hisM&fy, order in dated	the

reciting hi* V V twenty-ninth day of July, one tboufand fevtn hundred and Ma jetty’s or- fevinty-eighty was pie ofed to order that general reprifah be granted der in council qgainft the Jhipsy goods, and fubjetlSy of the French kingy and that as of July »9, wn Qn £js Majgjiy s jbfts and/trips y as alfo all other /tips and vtf-g 1	fels that /hall he commi/fmeiy by letters of marque or general reprifah

or otberwifty by the commifftoners for executingjhe office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, /ball and may lawfully feize all /bips9 vef~ felsy and goods belonging to the French king or bis fvbjefiSy or others inhabiting within any of the territories of the French kingy and bring the jame to judgement in any of his Majejlys court of almiralty within his Majejlys dominions: and whereas it is expedient that the feveral pfovifions of an a ft made in the loft fe/fton of parliament, (intituled y An aft for the relief of the captors of prizesf with refpett to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom) jhould be extended in like manner to all prize goods which have been* or may bey taken from the French, in purfuaace of his Mojejly's faid order in counjel\ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enacted by the king’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords (piri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid recited adt, made in the lad leffion of parliament, and all the articles, cfoqfes, and provifions therein, (hall extend, and be con-ftrued to extend, to all prize goods which have been taken .	fr°m t^jC ^trench fince the twenty-ninth day of July, one thou-

July'V9”*!778, fond feven hundred and feventy eight, or which (hall hereafter &c.	be taken, during the continuance of the prefent hoftilities with

Francty by any of his Majefty’s (hips or veflels of war, or by any private or other (hip or veflel having commiflion or other authority from the lord high admiral of Great Britainy or the com-miffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britainy for the time being, for that purpofe.

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all (hips or veflels which (hall have been, or which (hall be lb taken as aforefaid, (hall, upon condemnation as lawful prize, be fubjedt and liable to the fame duties, cuftonas, reftriftions, and regulations, and (hall be intitled to the fame privileges and advantages in all refpedts, to which (hips and veflels taken and condemned as prize are fubjedt and liable to, and intitled to, by any law or ftatute of this realm.

III.	Provided always,That nothing contained in this aft, or ia any other adt or adts of parliament made in this kingdom, (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to exempt any (hips, goods, wares, or merchandizes, which (hall be taken as prizes and

fame cuttomi, brought into the kingdom of Ireland, from the payment of any fic. at if lm-	6 i	cuftorns

igGeo. III. cap. 15, extended to prize* taken from the French fince

Such priae* after condemnation, to be fubu ft to the fame duties, etc. as other prizes.

Prize Good* brought into Ireland Jto be fubjeft to the

Digitized by

1779O Annd decimo none GfiORGir III! c. 6.	*79

cuftoms or duties, or from being fubjedt to fuch reftridtions and ported there as regulations to which the fame now are or may be liable, by vir-'incrchan lic* tue of any law or ftatute made in that kingdom, in cafe the fame had been imported there as merchandife in the ordinary courfe of the trade, and not brought in a9 prize.

IV.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore- Direftionsre-feid. That if any tea, or other Eaji India goods, which are or may latin8 t0 be liable to any duties ad valorem, which (hall be taken and	»

condemned as prize, fhall be exported from this kingdom to as prj4c Ireland, the certificates, coequets and other documents, (hall ex- and exported prefs the price or value at which fuch goods were fold by the to Irelaud. captors or their agents upon condemnation * and fuch coequets and other documents fhall have the fame force and effedf, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, upon the importation of fuch goods into Ireland, as if the faid goods had been imported by, and fold at, the Tales of the united company of merchants of \ England trading to the Eaft Indites.

CAP. VI.

An aft to authorize the lord high admiral, or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, for the time beings to order any court-martial, which may be appointed on the charge of vice admiral fir Hugh Pallifer again/} the honourable admiral Auguftus Keppel, to be hoiden on Jbore.

WHEREAS by the laws now in being courts-martial for the prcambie> trial of officers, mariners, foldiers, and other perfons in or be-longing to his Majefifs fleets are to be hoiden on Jh'ip-board, and no member of fuch courts-martial after the trial is begun can go on Jbore until fentence be given, but is to remain on board the Jbip in which the faid court firfi ajfembles, except in cafe of ficknefs: and whereas the commiffioners for executing the office cf lord high admiral have intimated an intention to order a court-martial, on a charge exhibited by vice admiral fir Hugh Pallifer aga nfi the honourable Auguftus Keppel, admiral and commander in chief of a fleet of his Majejiys Ilips of war, for the trial of the faid admiral on that charge: and whereas, by rtafin of his infirm flate of health, the necejfary attendance of the faid admiral on fuch court-martial may greatly endanger After the bis life; may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may been- court-martial adted ; and be it enabled by the king’s moft excellent Majefty, (or the trial by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and ^p^i rhall temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled', have been1 and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be law- conftituted ful for the lord high admiral, or the commiffioners for execut- fworn,it ing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, to order that, after fuch court-martial fhall have been du- venient place If aflembled and conftituted* and the members thereof, and the on ihore as judge advocate duly fwomv according to the laws now in being} (hall he ap-the faid court fhall be adjourned to, and hoiden in, fuck conve-nient place on (hore, as to the faid lord high almiral, or the 0f ad-laid commiffioners for.executing the office of lord high admiral, miralty.

N 3	(hall

Digitized by Google



i So

No member of the court-martial to depart from the houfe in which it (ball be held during the trial, except in cafe of fick* gefs.

Anno dedmo nono Georgii IIL c.7,8. [1779.

fliall feem neceflary or expedient 5 and fuch court-martial is and fhall hereby be authorized and required to adjourn to fuch place accordingly, any law, ftatutc, or ufage, to the contrary not* withftanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that, after fuch adjournment (hall have taken place, no member of fuch court-martial (hall feparate and depart from the houfe in which fuch court-martial (hall be dire&ed to be held until the trial is ended, except in cafe of ficknefs, to be judged of by the faid court, upon pain of being cafhiered from his Majerty's fervice; and that the (aid court-martial (hall be holden and proceed in all other re-fpedts in the fame manner and form as if the fame (hould continue on board the (hip in which it is originally to be af-fembled.

CAP. VII.

An all for making the church or chapel ere&ed by Charles Roe Efquire, in the town of Macclesfield, in the county palatine of Chefter, a perpetual cure and benefice, and for endowing the fame, and veiling the right of nomination or presentation thereof in the laid Charles Roe, his heirs and afligns; and for other purpofes.

Preamble; recking that Charles Roe efquire hath built a church in Macclesfield, and incloied a burying ground for the fame, Sec. Church or Chapel to be confecrated, &c. and made a perpetual cure. Right of pre-fentation veiled in Mr. Roe, Scc. Minilbr incorporated, and the Church or Chapel veiled in him. Church or Chapel to be fubjell to the jurii-di&ion of the bilhop of Chefter. Not to be deemed a new pari(h, nor to jifclt any afleftments. Duty of the minifter or curate. Miniller abfent-ing, or negle&ing his duty, cure to be deemed vacant, and filled up by Mr. Roe, &c. If vacancy not filled up in a certain time by Mr. Roe, &c. the right of nomination to lapfe in the ufual order. No marriages or buryingplaccs in the new church. Chriftenings and burials to be re-eiftered in the old chapel. Double fees for churchings and burials; one half of which to be accounted for to the Minifter, &c. of the old chapel. How to be recovered. Rates for burial in the new buryingground. Church or chapel wardens to be appointed by Mr. Roe, his heirs, &c„ .Clerk, organift, See. to be appointed by Mr. Roe, &c. Rents of (eats to the amount of iSol. per Ann. veiled in the church or chapel wardens; the tell may be let or fold by Mr. Roe, &c. Seats for the re&or and wardens to be referved. Rents of pews to be entered in a book. Rents of feats to be paid half-yearly: on failure thereof, how to be recovered. .Wardens to pay falaries to mihifter, Sec. to provide ^books, bread and wine. Sec. for the facrament, and to repair the Church. If falaries are not paid within 30 days after due, bow they may be recovered. Not more than half a year’s ar rears to be recovered from fucceeding wardens. Wardens to keep an account of receipts and dilburferaents; and to account and pay the furplus money to Mr. Roe, Sec. Mr. Roe to pay aool. for the augmentation of the chapels of Rainow and Saltersfordt on failure thereof, this all to be void. Rights of the vicarage of Preftbury not to be prejudiced. General faving of rights. Publick all.

CAP. VIII.

An all for the regulation of his Majefty's marine forces while on Ihore. Preamble. After *5 March, 1779, during the continuance of this a pvery marine officer and private man on Ihore, who (hall mutiny or de-fert, etc. or lift in any other regiment, etc. or (hall be found fleeping on, or (hall defert, his poft, or hola corefpondence with the enemies of his Majelly, or lhall ftrike, or difobey his fuperior officer; (hall fuffer death, t>r fuch punilhment as a court-martial thall infliH, The lord high ad-‘	miral.

Digitized by v^ooQle

1779‘]	Anno dcdmo nono GeoRGH III. c.8.

roiral, or commiffioners for executing that office, may grant a commiffion for holding a general court-martial, &c, Courts-martial may inflift corporal pumfhment for immoralities, &c. Lords, See. of ibe admiralty iin-powered to make articles for punifhment of mutiny and defertion, Sec. and to conftitute courts-martial. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes expreffed to be fo punifhable by this aft. General court-martial not to conftft of lefs than 13 } and the prefident to be a field officer, or officer next in feniority, not under the degree of a captain. Cburt-martial may adminifter an oath to witneflls. Officers to be fworn. Judge’s charge before oath. The oath. The judge advocate to be fworn. The oath. In Sentences of death, what number of officers (hail concur. See. Hours of trial. The party tried intituled to a copy of the fentence and proceedings of the court-martial. Original proceedings. Scc. of courts-martial to be tranfmitted to the fecretary of the admiralty, &c. None to be tried a fecond time for the fame offence. Sentence not to be revifed more than once. Deferters beyond fea, Sec may be tried here or in Ireland. This aft not to exempt any on fhore from ordinary procefs. Perfons acquitted, See. by the civil magiitrate may only be cafiltered by a court-martial. Perfons accufed of capital crimes, See. to be delivered pver to the civil magiftrate, Sec. Penalty on officers refufing to deliver over offenders. Fictitious names allowed by his Majefty’s order upon the mufter-rolls for the maintenance of officers’ widows, not to be conitrued a falie mutter. Paymafter to pay the full pay of fuch men to the receiver. Conftables, Sec. to quarter officers and men in inns, alehoufes, Sec. but in uo dittillers or (hopkeepers houfes, or in any private houfes. Penalty on officers quartering men contrary to this aft, Sec. Perfons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any juftice, and be relieved. Officers and marines to pay rates for their provifions. What innholders nay allow men quartered on them, inftead of meat. Penalty on taking money to excufe any perfon from quartering. Commanding officer may exchange marines in their quarters, and the conftables to billet the fame accordingly. No paymafter, &c. to make deduftioqs out of officers or

JPrivate men's pay. Exception. Officers to give notice to inkeepers of ubfiftence-moQey in their hands. Rates of fubfiftence to be paid to innkeepers, Scc. for marines quarters. Officers not given notice of fubfift-ence- money, and paying quarters, Paymafter to latisfy them out of the arrears: and in cafe of no arrears due, the paymafter may deduft out of the next fubfiftence-money Officers negleftmg to be cafhiered. On moving fVom quarters, the officer to make up accounts, arid give certificates for money due. Paymafter to pay the turn certified for. Officers, ftc. to be quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the union direft. Juftices may order conftables, to provide carriages for the marine forces in their march. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forceing waggons to travel more than one days’s journey, &c. Penalty on ccnttables. Scc. Negleft. Treafurers of the county to repay the conitable’s extraordinary charges. The money for thofe purpofes how to be raifed. No waggon, &c. to carry above 10 hundred weight. Carriages in Scotland how to be provided. Marines wives, &c. not to be quatered without confent. Penalty. Penalty on officers and marines deltroying the game. Conftables may apprehend deferters, and carry them before a juftice. Juftices to commit them, and tranfmit an account to the fecretary of the admiralty. Gaol keeper to receive the fubfiftence of deferters. Reward for taking up defertert. Penalty on perfons concealing deferters, or receiving their arms, clothes, Scc. This aft to extend to deferters, See. in Ireland. Continuance of this aft. Offences againft former afts may be enquired of and puniftied as under this aft: Provided no perfon be liable to be tried for offences committed three years before iffuing the warrant for trial; except ih cafes of defertion only. No volunteer liable to pcocefs, unlefs for fome criminal matter, or unlefs for a real debt of the value of 101. Oath of the debt to be made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the procefs; otherwise the prifoner to be difeharged, with cofts. Plaintiff giving notice may file a common appearance, and proceed to judgement and execution. Penalty on conftables, Scc. neglecting

N,

Digitized by L,oo<?le

*8a	Anno	decimo	nooo Georqii III. c.9.	[1779.

to quarter rear iocs; or taking money to excufe any perfon from quarter-Jng} and on victuallers refuting to receive marines. To prevent abufes in quartering, juftices may order Conftables to give an account of the number of officers and private men, and where quartered. Claufe for relief of perfons haftily lifting themfelves. As often as it (hall be nectflary, officer* of tile marine and land forces msyfit in con}unCtion upon courts-martial f taking rank according to the leniority of their comnvffions. Nfyine forces being borne as part of the complement of any (hips of warfare liable to be governed by fjhe rules cftablifficd by aft %% Qto. II.

CAP. IX.

An aft for allowing the importation of fine organzined Iuliat| thrown filk in any flips or vefiils9for a limited time.

preamble. \X7HE R E A S by an aft9 made in the fecottd year of tba W reign of their late majeflies King William and £>ueeu Mary*

(intituled, An aft for the difeouraeing the importation of thrown filk,) among ft other things in the Jaid aft contained, the bringing in cf thrown ft of the growth or produftion of Italy is prohibited, fltf-lefs imported in fitch Jbips or veffels, and navigated in fiucb manner? as in and by an aft) made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the fecond% (intituled, An aft for the encouraging and increafing of (hipping and navigation,) is directed and allowedf and brought from fome of the ports of thofe countries or places ipber*-' of the fame is the growth or produftion, and which Jball come dire ft If 6y fea, and not otherwife: and whereas there is at prefent very great and immediate want of organzined thrown filk from Italy, for the ufe and purpofe of warp in the filk manufacture) without which the manufacture cannot be carried on, and many thoufands of manufacturers muff be unemployeds be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent Italian organ- parliament aftertibled, and by the authority of the fame, That kined thrown it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons to im-filk maybe im- port or bring into this kingdom from any port or place, or in any veflll and3ny ^^Por vefol Whatfoevcr, until the expiration of twenty days after from any the commencement of the next feflion of parliament, organzined place, for a li- thrown filk of the growth or produftion of Italy, any thing mned time, contained in the faid recited afts, or any other aft, to fhe contrary thereof notwithfianding.

Certain kinds II. Provided always. That this aft, nor any thing herein of thrown filk contained, (hall extend to give liberty to import any Italian to which the thrown filk that (hall be coarler than a fort thereof known and portation diftinguilhied by the name of Third Bolonia, nor any forts of hereby given, filk* commonly called Tram, of the growth of Italy, nor any ifhali not ex- other thrown (ilk of the growth or produftion of Turkey, fierfia, India, or Chinay under the penalty, of forfeiting all filch thrown filks as (hall be brought over and imported contrary to the purport, true intent, and meaning of this aft; one moiety whereof to the ufe of his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons who (hall, feize, inform, or fue for the fame; to be recovered by bill,

7	plaint.

Digitized by

Google

1779-1 * Aano dcciroo new Georgji III. e. 10.	183

plaint, or information, in any of hi? Majcfty’s court? of re* cord at fFeflminjtery wherein no efloin, prote&ion or wager of law, (hall be allowed.

III.	And, for the better and more effectual execution of this All organzin-aCt, and to prevent the importation of any fort of thrown (ilk «d thrown filk not organxined, be it further eoaCted apd declared. That all imported by Inch organxined thrown,filk as is allowed to be imported by JJVJ* tiu# this aCf, wheresoever landed, (hall be brought tp his Majefty’? brought to the cuftom-houfe at London* to the intent that 00 other fort of cuftom-boufc thrown filk may be imported than that allowed by this a#, at London, under the penalty of forfeiting all fuch thrown (ilk as (hall be imported contrary to the purport, true intent, and meaning of this aC*; one moiety whereof (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty* bis heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch perfon pr perfons who (hall feize, inform, or fue for the fame; to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of jaw, (hall be allowed; anything to the contrary hereof in any* wife nptwithftanding.

C A P. X.

Jn aft for repealing an aft* made in the hji JejJion of parliament, intituled* An act for the more eafy and better recruiting of hb Majefty’* land forces and marines; and fer fubfituting ether and more effeftual previftons in the place thereof

WHEREAS, for recruiting his Majejly's land forces and Preamble.

marines, it is necejjary that a new fupply of men be forthwith raifedy in the mojtfpeedy and effectual manner, within the kingdom of Great Britain, by common confent and grant in parity* went: and whereas it is highly expedient that further and other frovifions be made for that purpofe than thofe contained in an aft made in the hjl fejfton of parliament, (intituled, An aCfc for the 18 Geo. ?« more eafy and better recruiting of his Majefty’s land forces caD. $5, red* and marines;) be it therefore enabled by the king’s mod ex-cellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, and repealed, from and after the pafiing of this a&, the faid recited aCl (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that within and A levy of throughout the feveral and refpeCtive counties, (hires, fte- able-bodied wartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque-ports, parirties, ^|*5etobe towns, and places, of Great Britain, a fpeedy and effectual Jh*OUgb©ut levy of ablebodied men to ferve his Majefty as foldiers, (hall Great*Britain, be forthwith had, made, praCtifed, and put into execution, according to the rules and directions of this prefent aCt.

II.	And it is hereby further enaCled, That the juftices of Juflice* of the the peace of every county, (hire, ftewartfy, riding, liberty, or peace, coinplace, within the kingdom of Great Britain, as aforefaid ; and all and every the perfons who were named or otherwife ap- anj pointed to be commiflipners for putting in execution an aCt of trates otcor-

parliament, poratioinam!

Digitized by L^ooQle

184	Anno	decimo	nono GeorGII III. c. 10. [1779.

burgbs.to parliament, made and pafled at Weftminfter in the fifteenth

execotioir	ycar ^	°f his prefent Majefty, (intituled. An afl far

9	granting an aid to bis Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great

Britain, for the fervue of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy five,) or any fubfequent ad or ads of parliament for that purpofe, within the feveral and refpedive counties, (hires* ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque-ports, towns* and places, therein particularly exprefled, who are (till living* and have duly qualified themfelves according to the faid ads* or (hall quality themfelves according to this prefent ad, in that behalf, (hall be commiflioners for putting in execution this prefent ad, and the powers therein contained, within and for the fame counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs* cinque-tports, towns, and places, of Great Britain, for which they were fo named and appointed refpedively; and that all and every the ading juftices of the peace, and magiftrates of corporations and burghs, in any part of Great Britain, who are or (hall -be ading in any of his Majefty’s commiflions of the peace, or in the mhgiftracy of fuch corporation or burgh, at any time during the execution of this ad, although not fpecially named or appointed commiflioners by the faid ad or ads), (hall be likewife commiflioners for putting in execution this prefent ad, and all the powers therein contained, within the limits of their commiflions and jurifdidions refpedively: all which commiflioners, by this ad intruded with the execution of the fame, are hereby ftridly enjoined and required to ufe their ut-mod care and diligence that his Majefty’s fervice in making fuch levies as afoTe&id be not difappointed or negleded.

III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the (heriff of every county, or his deputy, immediately upon receiving notice tor that purpofe from the fecretary at war, (hall (end precepts to the refpedive bailiffs, or others who are ufually employed to fummon juries, although in liberties out of the ordinary jurifdidion of the faid (heriff, direding them to fummon the feveral juftices of the peace, and commiflioners of the land tax, in their refpedive divifions and liberties, to attend at the ufual place of meeting in every divifion, upon a certain day in the faid precepts named, (fuch day not to be named within fix days after the date of the faid precepts,) within the time limited by the 'fecretary at war. Notice of the (notice of which day (hall be fent to the war-office and ad midday of meet- ralty upon thi ifluing of the precepts by the (heriff,) to qualify themfelves for the execution of this ad; and the faid commif-* war’ fioners (hall then and there appoint the feveral times and places for the fucceeding meetings, in each of their refpedive fubdivifions, during the continuance of this ad, and (hall have power to adjourn, from time to time, as they (hall find convenient; and the faid juftices of the peace, and commiflioners

________ of the land tax, at fuch their firft meeting, or at fome other

N^ingsfand meeting to be held as foon as it can be conveniently, (hall ifliie iflue precepts their precepts to the high conftables, headboroughs, or other

proper

and to take care that his Majefty’s fer-vicofee not negleded.

High (heriffs, &c. upon notice from the fecretary at war, to lflue precepts for fumraonin^ the com mi f-fioners to meet, and . qualify them-

. to the war-office, &c. Commiffio-pert to ap-point the times and places of their (hcceeding

Digitized by v^ooQle

*779*] Anno decimo nono Georoii III. c. 10.	185

proper officers, for the refpedtive hundreds, lathes, rapes, wa- for that pur-penrakes, or other fubdivifions, within the faid counties, (hires, P?**to fiewartries, ridings, or divifions, as aforefaid * which precepts ^ a‘ (hall contain an account of the times and places appointed for * the fuccceding meetings, and (hall be returnable on a day therein to be named; and fuch high conftables, headboroughs, or other proper officers^ are hereby required forthwith to fignify the times and places fo appointed for fuch meetings to the federal commiffioners refiding within their refpedtive diftridts; and the faid commiffioners affcmblcd at fuch firft meeting (hall and to give alfo give notice of the time and place of all and every fucceed- notice tr.ereof ing meeting, to ,be appointed as aforefaid, to the fecretary at war, or to the military officer or officers whom they (hall have foau attend ** learned, by notice from the fecretary at war, or fecretary to the this fervice. admiralty, to be diredted to attend this fervice.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled, That all Sheriff! to be reafonable charges or expences incurred by any (henff, or de- *,lowcd tl)e puty (heriff, in the execution of this adt, (hall be allowed in the curr^InThe accounts of fuch (heriff at the reeeipt of his Majefty’s exche- execution of quer, or repaid by the lord high treafurer or the commiffioners this adt.

of the treafury for the time being.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That in cafe Proviforclat-the (econd meeting, appointed to be held in any fubdivifion, fecond (hall be at fo great a diftancc of time as to render it inconve-

nient to iffue warrants for bringing perfons before fuch com- s * miffioners at the fecond meeting, then the commiffioners of fuch fqbdtvi(ion refpedtively may adjourn themfelves to fome convenient day previous to fuch fecond meeting, in order to iffue their warrants as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Commiffion-That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffio-

ners, at their firft general meeting affembled, to appoint a clerk ^ay Tppoint' to attend them then, and at each of their fubfequent meetings, a clerk * and for the commiffioners of the feveral fubdivifions to appoint a clerk to attend them at their refpedtive meetings in each fubdivifion wherein foldiers are to be inlifted, as herein-afiter mentioned ; and fuch refpedtive clerks, as a reward for their labour wf»o (hall re-and pains in the execution of this adt, (hall be intituled to, and cc,ve f°r (hall receive, for every man who (hall be lifted in purfuance of JjftVcTat their this adt, at the meetings whereon they (hall refpedtively attend, refpedtive the fum of two (hillings of lawful money ot Great Britain, to be meetings, paid by the refpedtive officers who (hall receive fuch new raifed men refpedtively.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enadted. That no perfon Commiflion-

or perfons, hereby appointed to be a commiffioner or com- era in England miffioners for any county, riding, city, borough, cinque-port,	**

or place, of England, JVales^ or Berwick upon Tweed, (except the fuch as duly qualified themfelves to be juftices of the peace, or oaths appom-commiffioners for executing the faid adt for the land tax made by a«s and paffed in the fifteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, or

any fublequept adjt pr adts of parliament for that purpofe,) (hall

be

Digitized by

Google

186

i Geo. I.

and6.Goe.UI.

no# commif-lionert m Scot-land, nil they have qualified themielves as the laws there direct*

Commiflion-crs in England acting before they have taken the oaths,

forfeit too 1.

*nd com an if-(loners in Scotland) sol.

Anno dccirao nono GroRcni til. c. io. f 1779;

be capable, in England, Wales y or Berwick upon Tweed, of acting as a commidioner or commiffioncrs in the execution of this adf, or executing any the powers of the commifiioners herein-mentioned, unlefs it b'e the power hereby given of adminiftering oaths, until fuch time as he or they (hall have taken the oaths appointed by two ads of parliament, one made in the firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, (intituled. An afl for the further ftcurhy of his Maje/fy’s perfon and government, and the JucceJfon of the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, being proteftants; and for extinguijbing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and (eeret abettors;) and the other made in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (intituled. An aft for altering the oath of abjuration and af~ furanae\ and for amending fo much of an ail of the feventh year of her late majefiy £)ueen Anne, intituled, An adt for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lifts and copies therein mentioned, to perfons indited of high t reef on or mifprifion of treafon ; which oaths it (hall and tnay be lawful to and for any two or thore of the faid commiffioncrs to adminifter, and they arc hereby required to adminifter the fame to any other of the faid commiffioners: and that no perfon or perfons hereby appointed to be a commiflioner or commiffioners for any part of Scotland, (except fuch as duly qualified themfelves, according to law, to be juftices of the peace or commiffioners there for executing the faid adV for the land tax made and pafled in the fifteenth year of his Majefty’s reign, or any fubfequetit act or adls of parliament for that purpofe,) (hall be capable of adling as a commiflioner or commiffioners in the execution of this prefent adl, in any part of Scotland, until fuch rime as he or they re-fpedively (hall have taken and fubferibed the oaths of allegi-gance and abjuration, and have fubferibed the a flu ranee appointed by law to be taken and fubferibed by perfons in offices of publick troff in Scotland

VIII. Provided always, and be it enabled, That if any perfon hereby appointed a commiflioner for any county, city, riding, town, or place, in England, Wales,or Berwick uponTweed, (except as bcfo.e excepted) (hall prefume to adf as a commif-fioner in the execution of this adt, before be (hall have taken the faid oaths which by this adt he is required to take, and in the manner hereby prefcribed, he (hall forfeit to his Majefty the fum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered by adtion of debt, or on the cafe, bill, fuit, or information, in any of his Mqefty’s courts of record at Wefimitfler, wherein no efloin, protc&ion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and that if any perfon hereby appointed a commiflioner for any (hire, ftewartry, burgh, or place in Scotland, (except as before excepted), (hall prefume to adt as a commiflioner in the execution of this adt, before that he (hall have qualified himfirff according to the laws in Scotland, he (hall forfeit to his Majefty the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered in the court of exchequer

in

Digitized by LjOOQle

*779-3 Anno decimo none Geokgii III. c. 10.	187

in Scotland* in the lame manner as any other penalties are there recoverable.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority Q^alrficaHen aforefaid, That no commilfioner of the land tax, not being a

juftice of the peace, or a magiftrate of a corporation or a bo- Jounces at rough, {hall be capable of ading as a com midi oner in the exe- large withia cution of this ad, or of any of the powers therein contained, in or England, for any county at large within England, or in or for any of the ridings in the county of York* unlefs fuch perfon by himfelf, or his tenants or truftees, was taxed or did pay, hi the fame county or riding, for the value of one hundred pounds per annum, or more of his own eftate, by virtue of the laid ad for the land tax, made and palled in England* in the tifteenrb year cf his Majefty’s reign, or any fubfequent ad or ads of parliament for that perpoie; or unlefs fuch perfon fo appointed to be a commiOioner that}, at the time of the execution of this ad, by himfelf, his tenants or truftees, enjoy an eftate of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the faid yearly value of one hundred pounds, or more, within the faid county or riding re-fpedively ; any thing herein contained to the contrary noewith-ftanding.

X.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That no commif- anj ^ Waks. fioner of the land tax, not being a juftice of the peace, or a magiftrate of a corporation or a borough, (hall be capable of ading

as a commilfioner in the execution of this ad, or any of the powers therein contained, in or for any county within'the dominion of IVaUs, unleft fuch perfon by himfelf, or his tenants or truftees, was taxed or did pay, in the fame county. Cor the value of fixty pounds per annum, %>r more, of his own eftate, by virtue of the faid ad for the land (ax made and palled in England in the fifteenth year of his Majefty’s reign, or any fubfequent ad, or ads of parliament for that purpofe, or unlefs 6ich perfon fo 1 appointed to be a commilfioner lhal!, at the time of the execution of this ad, by himfelf, his tenants or truftees, enjoy an eftate of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the faid yearly value of fixty pounds, or more, within the faid county, any< thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.	And it is hereby further enaded, That if any perfon Perfon* dif-

intenckd by this ad to be difabled for the caufe laft. mentioned, ahled prefam-Ihall neverthelefs prefame to ad as a commilfioner in the exe-	^	|

cution of this ad, or any of the powers therein contained, every r 50 ’ fuch perfon, for fuch offence, lhall forfeit the fum of fifty

pounds, to any perfon or perfons who lhall inform or fue for the fame, to be recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminftir, or in the exchequer of Scotland, as aforefaid.

XII.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby enaded, That Commiflion-no perfon who is appointed to be a commilfioner for executing erg may ad this ad in any part of Great Britaint lhall be difabled, for the for any city, caufe laft-mentioned, from ading as a commilfioner within arcfofca-and for any city, borough, cinque- port, or corporate town bitants, or for only, whereof he lhall bo-an inhabitant at the time of the exe- inns of court*.

cution

Digitized by v^ooQle

1 $ 8

In cafe of in-fufficiency of commiftion-ers for any city, etc. thofe for the county at large, may aft for the fame.

Mayors, bai-]iffs,etc. may aft as commif-fioners fpeci-ally appointed.

No military officer may be a co m mi (lion-cr.

Commiffion-ers impower-ed to levy fuch men as are herein de-fcribcd j

and to call in the aflfiltance or parifh and town officers^

and to meet in their fub-divifioos.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. to. [ 1779.

cution of this aft, or from afting as a commiffioner within any of the inns of court or inns of chancery.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe there (hall not be a fufficient number of commiffioners for afiy city, borough, town, port, or place of Great Britain, (for which by this act commifiioners are fpecially appointed,) capable of afting according to the refpeftive qualifications required by this aft5 then, and in every luch cafe, any of the commifiioners appointed for the county or (hire or ftewartry at large, within which fuch city, borough, town or place, doth (land, or which is next adjoining thereto, may aft as commifiioners in the execution of this aft, within fuch city, borough, town, port, or place, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	And whereas. doubts may arife whether mayors, bailiff's^ and other chief magifirates of cities, boroughs, towns corporate, and cinque-ports, for which commifiioners are fpecially appointed by virtue of the faidaft for the land tax made in the fifteenth year of bis Majefiy's reign, or any fubfequent aft or afts of parliament for that purpofe, can aft as commifiioners for executing this aft, in the faid cities, boroughs, towns corporate, and cinque-ports; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all mayors, bailiffs, and other chief magifirates, who are appointed commifiioners for executing this aft, (hall be, and have power to aft as commifiioners for executing this aft, within and for any city, borough, town corporate, or cinque-port, wherein they inhabit at the time of executing this aft, as well where commiffioners are fpecially appointed by this aft, as where they are not.

XV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted. That no per-fon who, at the time of the execution of this aft, fhal! have any military office or employment in Great Britain, (other than in the militia, or any regiment of fencible men,) (hall execute any power or authority by this aft given to the commiffioners as aforefaid.

XVI.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, in their refpeftive places or^ftations, (hall be, and are hereby authorifed and impowered to raife and levy, and to caufe to be railed and levied, at any time or times during the continuance of this aft, within their feveral limits and jurifdiftions, all able-bodied idle and diforderly perfons, who cannot, upon examina-on, prove themfelves to exercife and induftrioufly follow fome lawful trade or imployment, or to have fome fubffance fufficient for their fupport and maintenance, to ferve his Majefty as-foldiers; and to require and command all and every the high conffables, churchwardens, overfeers of the poor, petty confta-conftabJes, headboroughs, and tythingmen, and other parifh and town officers, or any of them, within their refpeftive limits and jurifdiftions, to be aiding and affifting to them the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, in the performance of this his Majefiy’s fervice; and for that purpofe the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, are to meet

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. to.	189

in their refpeftive fubdivifions, according to the appointment

of the juftices and commiffioners as aforefaid, and to iflue out and iflue ge-

their warrants under their hands and feals, thereby requiring neral

and commanding fuch churchwardens, overfeers ot the poor, bringing be-

petty conftables, head boroughs, tithingmen, or other parifti or fore them, at

town officers, or elfe requiring and commanding the faid high their fecond

constables to iflue their precepts to fuch churchwardens, fubdiyifion

overfeers, petty conftables, headboroughs, tithingmen, and

other parilh ana town officers as aforefaid, every or any of them, fn the de-

to make, or caufe to be made, a general fearch within their re- feriptionof

fpeftive parilhes, townfhips, cpnftablewicks, or other places, for this aft.

all fuch perfons as they can find who are or (hall appear to them

to be within the defeription of this aft, and to briqg all fuch

perfons before the commiffioners who have power to execute

this aft in and for fuch county, (hire, ftewartry, riding, divifion,

or place, at fuch time and place as (hall have been appointed,

by the juftices and commiffioners as aforefaid, for the fecopd

meeting of the faid commiffioners in their refpeftive fub-

divifions, (which time and place (hall be prefixed in the faid

warrants and precepts refpeftively;) and afterwards the faid Subfequent

commiffioners, within their refpeftive limits and diviflons, (hall meetings to be.

meet at fuch convenient time or times as they (hall think fit, in at fiicb times

order to iflue their warrants or precepts for making general jjcacc* M

fearches for perfons within the (aid defeription, and for bringing thought fit.

them before the commiffioners at any future times and places

appointed by the juftices and commiffioners as aforefaid, during

the continuance of this aft.

XVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Perfons guilty That the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, in goJ^anS their refpeftive places and ftations, (hall be, and are hereby fonvifted in a authorized and impowered to raife and levy, or caufe to be penalty not railed and levied, to ferve his Majefty as a foldier, (at any time exceeding 40J. or times during the continuance of this aft, within their re-

fpeftive limits and jurifdiftions, and fubjeft to the feveral rules neu ofall1 and regulations herein fpecified for the raifing and levying per- legal penal-fons who have no lawful trade or employment,) all able-bodied ties, perfons who (hall be guilty of illegal landing, running,un(hipping, concealing, receiving, or carrying, prohibited goods, wares, or merchandises, or any foreign goods liable to the payment of the duties of cuftoms or excife, the fame duties not having been paid, or fecured, or of aiding or affiftine therein, and (hall be thereof convifted, before one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county or place where the offence was committed, in any penalty not exceeding forty pounds, in lieu of fuch penalty, or any puniftiment to which fuch perfon may be liable by any law now in force.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted. That no bailiff’s follower Bailiffs follow-, or affiftant, employed or belonging to any fheriff, bailiff of

liberties, Marjbalfia court, or any other perfon or perfpns that c^?dfe any (hall be fo employed by any one that (hall have the powey of employment, executing any warrant or procefs whatsoever, (hall be de«ne4 withinthisaft. u	thereby

*

Digitized by L.ooQle

1$0

Perfon* can-vtde<J of leaving their fa-vm\wt chargeable on the parifh, may be errlifted bf the juftices, etc.

(Hta reviving any focti perfon to pay 40*. for the ufe of the overieers.

Juftices, on information, etc. where any able, bodied men are to be found, ijtay ifliie a warrant for apprehending them.

Able-bodied men only to be edified \ aad none under 16, nor above jo years of age,

Anno decirtio nono Georgii III. ,c. 16. C1779*

thereby to follow or exercife any calling of employment, of to have a fufficient fapport and maintenance, within the intent and meaning of this aft.

XIX. And whereat by an aft of the feventeenth year of king George tin feeond, (intituled^ An aft to amend and make more effeftaai the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and drforderly perfons, and to houfes of corfeftion,) the jufttcet in fejfions are required to adjudge all perfons, convifted of running away from and leaving their families chargeable upon the parifh, incorrigible rogues, and to adjudge them to Jujfer the punijhments allotted under the faid aft to incorrigible rogues ; be it hereby enafted that the faid juftices in feffion (hall be impowered, inftcad of the faid punifhments allotted to fuch perfons convifted of running away from and leaving their famil.es chargeable upon the parifh as aforefaid, to enlift the faid perfons, and to deliver them to lame officer impowered to receive recruits under this aft; and fuch perfons (hall have the articles of war read to them, and (hall be deemed enlifted to all intents ind purpofes whatfoever; provided always, that fuch perfons do not lie under any disqualification Of ficknefs or inability recited In this aft; and the faid officer (hall, upon the receipt of every fuch perfon fb convifted*, pay to the faid juftices, for the ufe of the overfcers of the poor of the* parifh upon which the faid perfon (hall have left his family chargeable, the fum of forty (hillings.

Xx. And be it further enafted, that any juftice or juftices of the peace may, upon his or their own knowledge, or information upon oath, where any able-bodied man or men, within the defcriptioft of this aft, is or are to be found, iflbe a warrant to the conftable or other parifh or town officer, or to any other perfon or perfons, for apprehending fuch man or men; and the conftable, or other parifh or town officer, or other perfon or perfons, upon the receipt of fuch warrant, is and are hereby required to apprehend fuch man or men, and fuch rftan or njeti (hall be fecured and inlifted in the manner herein direfted m relation toother perfons apprehended in purfuanCe of this aft: and where any man (hall be apprehended and inlifted in confe-qoenCc of fuch information as aforefaid, the whole of the twenty (hillings, by this aft direfted to be paid by the officer to whom fuch man (hall be delivered in purfuance of this aft, (hall be paid to the informer or informer?.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That no perfon (hall be inlifted by the faid commiffioners, by virtue of th\i aft, who is not fuch an able-bodied man as is fit to ferve his Majefty, and is free from ruptures, and every other diftem-per, or bodily weaknefs or infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform the duty of a foldier; and that no man be inlifted for his Majeftv's ferviceby virtue of this aft, who (hall appear in the opinion of the commiffioners, or officer or officers appointed to receive fuch men, to be under the age of fixteenyears, or above the age of fifty, br who, being under the age of eigh* teed years, (hall be under the fize of five feet three inches, without

Digitized by

1779*] Anno decitno nono GEorgii III. c. to.	191

out (hoes, or being above the age of eighteen, (hall be under the fize of five feet four inches, without (hoes.	p	r

XXII.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That this teimprelfcd0 aft (hall not extend to the imprefling any perfon to ferve as a who hath a foldier or as a feaman, who (hall make it appear, to the fatis- vote tor mem-faftion of the commiflioners then prefent, that he hath any ber °* parha-vote in the.eleftion of any member or membefs to ferve in par- mcnt* liament, for any county, city, borough, town, port, or place,

within the kingdom of Great Britain.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be After the fe-lawful to and for the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, cond meeting conftables, headboroughs, tythingmen, and other officers, of °*.£e °°m•' any parith or townftiip, or any or them, at any time after the Mrf&nofficers faid fecond meeting of the faid commiflioners, having a proper mayfearchfor warrant or precept as aforefaid, to fearch for and apprehend all andfecure

or any fuch perfon or perfons as they, or any of them, (hall fuch perfons find, or (hall appear to them to be within the defcription of this ?* tocTdeifcrip-aft, and to fecure fuch perfons (in cafe they (hall think it ne- g0nof this P ceflary) in the goal or houfe of correftion, or other proper place aft, and con-of fccuritx, of the county, town, or place, where fuch perfons *eYth?1” lhall be apprehended, and with all convenient fpeed to bring *orc a ice* fuch perfon or perfons before one or more of the juftices of the peace of the county, (hire, fiewartry, city, riding, liberty, or place, within which he or they (hall have been fo apprehended, to be examined; and if the faid juftice or juftices (hall judge the perfon or perfons, fo brought before him or them, to be within the nextroeet-the defcription of this aft, it (hall in that cafe be lawful for the jngof the faid juftice or juftices to commit fuch perfon or perfons as afore- coauniffion-faid, (in cafe they (hall think it necefliry;) and the keeper of cr,»&c* fuch goal or houfe of correftion, or other proper place of fecu-rity, as aforefaid, (hall receive fuch perfon or perfons without fee or reward, and the parifh officers (hall allow fuch keeper, out of the poor’s rate of the parifh or place where fuch perfon or perfons (hall be apprehended, fixpence by the day for each perfon during the time that they (hall remain there, or (hall convey them before the commiflioners, at their next meeting for lifting of foldiers, to be examined, and (if adjudged by the com-miffioners to be within the defcription of this aftj to be lifted and delivered into his Majefty’s fervice, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft.

XXIV.	And it is hereby further enafted and ftriftly enjoined Inhabitant*

by the authority aforefaid, That the inhabitants of every parifh	*°

and townftiip, where any perfons deferibed as aforefaid do abide

or are to be found, (at the inftance of any one or more of the

commiflioners appointed for the execution of this aft, or of any

churchwarden, overfeer of the poor, or conftable, of the fame

parifh or townftiip,) (hall (not having a lawful or reafonable

caufe to the contrary) be aiding and auifting in the furtherance *°J* ^cmI5l,S

of his Majefty’s fervice by this aft deferibed*	dlfcovcMiny

XXV.	And, to encourage fuch inhabitants and others to aflift proper perSo# in difeovering and apprehending fuch perfons defcribed as afore? 10 as he be

Voi. XXXII.	O	infilled.

Perfons ob-ftrulfing the execution of this alt to toiieit ioI.j

itref*.

192	Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 10.	[1779.

faid, it is hereby further enaAed by the authority aforefaid. That if any peFfbn (hall difeover and give information of any able-bodied man, fit to ferve his Majefty within the defeription of this alt, fo that he (ball be apprehended and enlifted before the commiffioners as aforefaid, fuch perfon, for every man fo difeovered and inlifteri, (hall receive, from the officer to whom fuch man (hall be delivered, the fum of ten* (hillings, out of the twenty (hillings which he is elfewhere directed to pay to the officers of the parifh or town, for every man impreffed by virtue of this alt, and the remainder only or fuch twenty (hillings (hall, in that cafe, be paid to fuch officers.

XX VI. And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever(hall wilfully do any adfc or thing whereby the execution of this alt, in the fearching for, taking, and fecuring, fuch able-bodied men as aforefaid, (hall be hindered or fruftrated, every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding ten pounds, to the ufe of the informer or informers; and all and every fuch offences may be enquired of, heard, and finally determined, by any two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, dwelling in or which may be near the place where fuch offence (hall be committed; who levied by di- have hereby power to caufe the faid penalty to be levied by di-(trefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chatties, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owners; and if the offender has no goods and chattels fuflicient*to anfwer the faid penalty, then to commit him or her to the county gaol or houfe of correAion, there to remain for the fpace of three calendar months without bail or mainprize.

Commiffion- XXVII. And be it further enaAed by the authority afore-ersto examine faid. That the commiffioners for executing this aA, who (hall the perfons attend this fervice at the place or places for lifting foldiers in foi°eftieni &c. Pur^uance of this aA, (hall ftriAly examine the perfons who *	'	(hall be brought before them by the faid churchwardens, over-

feers, conftables, headboroughs, tithingmen, or other parifh or town officers, as aforefaid; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, and they are hereby authorized to adminifter an oath to each and every perfon who (hall appear and give evidence touching any perfon fo brought before and, if found them in purfuance of this aA: and in cafe the faid cbmmif-proper for the fioners, or the major part of them then prefent, upon examina-lervice, to de- tion of the perfons fo brought before them, (hall find that fuch perfons (hall come within the deferiptions herejn mentioned ; and the faid commiffioners, and the officer or officers who (hall be appointed to receive the impreffed men, (hall judge them to be fuch as are hereby intended to be entertained as foldiers in his Majefty’s fervice; then, and in fuch cafe, the faid commiffioners ihall caufe fuch perfons to be delivered over, by the faid church-wardens, overfeers, conftables, headboroughs, tithingmen, or other parifh or town officers, to fuch officers or perfons as (hall be appointed to receive fuch recruits as aforc-

rroTeedwhen faid:	^	at any ^rac aPP^r to .the officer, under

^	i	whole

liver them to the military officers.

Digitized by t^ooQle

1779*] Anno decitno nono GeoRGH III. C. to.	igj

whofe command fuch imprefled men (hall be, that any fuch implied mett men are more proper for his Majefty’s fervice by fea than by fhaI1 be found land, then it (hall and may be lawful for fuch officer to carry fuch men before any three of the commiflioners authorifed to f-rvice ttunr ■put this aft in execution; and if fuch commiflioners (hall the land, judge fuch perfons to be more proper for his Majefty’y fervice by fea than by land, then it (hall be lawful for fuch officer to ^caufe fuch men to be delivered over to any commiffion officer of his Majefty’s fleet to be appointed for entering fuch perfons to ferve as common failors in the faid fleet, fuch officer giving a receipt under his hand, acknowledging what men are fo delivered to him, (which receipt he is hereby required to give,) and alfo repaying to the land officer the expences incurred by him on account of the faid imprefled mem

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled by Commiffiori-the authority aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful for the com- *rs prefent at miffioners who (hall have been prefent at any fuch meeting acny^n^ where any man flrall have been delivered over as iafarefaid, cruit, may, or for the major part of them, upon the demand of fuch man, upon demand or of any other perfon on his behalf, fignified to their clerk ™adyn hls within four days after fuch meeting, and by him notified to point aS^urthef each of the^ faid commiflioners, to appoint a further meeting meeting* of the fame com mi (Turners, at which any other commiflioners, may alfo attend, to be holden within fix days after tl\e making of fuch demand, unlefs the party appealing (hall require a further reafonable time; and if, upon further and more certain and finding imformatioq, the faid commiflioners, or the major part of him not to be‘ them, at fuch further meeting, (hall find that fuch man was lbe f not, at the time of his being delivered over as aforefaid, within fh^afTare0 the defeription of this att, they are hereby required to certify to certify the the fame, under their hands and feals, to his Majefty’s fame to the fccretary at war, or fecretary to the admiralty, or to the general	**	.

officer whom they (hall have learned, by notice from the fe- ^“JVtbe man cretary at war, to have been appointed to command his Ma- to be difebarg-jefty’s forces in the diftrift where fuch commiflioners ad, who, ed. on the receipt of fuch certificate, (hall caufe the man to be forthwith difeharged; and the recruiting officer (hall, on fuch Officer to pay perfon’s receiving his difeharge as aforefaid, caufe to be paid him x*. for to fuch man the fum of one (hilling for each day he (hall have fl^UhaSeb!f a been fo detained in the fervice as aforefaid, to be allowed to fuch detained! * officer out of the recruiting fund, over and above fuch fubfift-ence as he may have received; and the clerk appointed by the Clerk to repay commiflioners (hall repay to fuch officer (without fee or other dedu&ion) the fcveral Turns before paid to him by the laid officer, and (hall give back the receipts; taken as above dire&ed ctc.	*

in exchange for a copy of the faid man's difeharge; and in cafe ^	'

no fuch discharge (hall have been obtained as aforefaid, then the V no di£ faid clerk (hall, after the expiration of fourteen days from the cbar®* time that fuch man was delivered over as aforefaid, pay over, ^^y*<>Cvfr without fee or dedudtion* to the perfons refpeAivdy intitfed thefumi de«

O 2	thereto

A

Digitized by v^ooQle

Officers may fecure imprcf-fcd men.

194	Anno	decimo	nono	Georgii	III.	c.	10.	Lr779-

poiited to the thereto under the directions of this a<ft, the feveral fums depo-proper per- fited j0 hjs hands for that purpofe.

•	*	.	XXIX.	Provided	always,'That nothing in this a&, contain-

lifted till the1" ^all be conftrued to extend to impower the faid comxnif-‘fums payable fioners to inlift any perfon as a foldier, until the feveral fums, by the officers herein directed to be paid, by the refpedtive officers appointed, are firft paid, to receive fuch new-raifed men, (hall be firft paid to the perfon or perfons refpedtively authorifed to receive the fame.

XXX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the officer or officers, and other perfon or perfons appointed to attend the faid commiffioners, and to receive fuch imprefled men, (hall, in cafe he or they (hall find it neceflary, detain fuch imprefled men in fome fecure houfe or place, to be provided by the jufticesof the peace, in their pettv or fpecial fef-fions, for that purpofe; but in cafe no fuch houfe or place (hall be provided, then in the gaol of the county, town, or place, where fuch men {hall be received into his Majefty’s fervice, or in the houfe of correction, or other publick prifon, of fuch county, " town, or place; and the keeper of fuch gaol, houfe of correction, or prifon, lhall receive fuch imprefled men until they can be removed, without fee or reward ; and fuch keeper (hall be allowed the ufual fubfiftence for fuch men, during the time they remain there, from the officer by whom they (hall be delivered as aforefaid ; and the conftables, headboroughs, and other civil officers, (hall, if required, be affifting to fuch officer in conveying fuch man or men to fuch gaol, place, or houfe of correction, and (hall be allowed fuch reasonable fum or fums as the major be allowed for parl 0f the commiffioners then prefent (hall appoint, to be paid t eir trou Ic-.^y the officer or officers who (hall require fuch afliftance.

Officer not at- XXXI. And be i: further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, tending to re- That if at any of the meetings of the commiffioners by this ceive recruits, appointed, in any df their fubdivifions, they (hall not be may^djourH,8 al,en<ied hy f°me proper officer appointed for the receiving of and order the recruits, either through negligence or any unavoidable acci-detention of dent; then, and in that cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners to adjourn themfelves to fome other convenient day, and they are hereby authorifed to give directions for detaining in cuftody all fuch perfons as (hall have been then brought before them by the parifh officers to be inlifted, or fuch of them as they (hall think duly qualified for his Majefty’s fervice; and the faid commiffioners (hall give^ notice to any of the officers attending on this fervice, in the county or be given to » place where fuch fubdivifions (hall be, of the day of fuch ad-ding^iVfcr-" journ^entf and the faid officer is hereby required, either to vice, &c. attend himfelf, or appoint fome other perfon to attend fuch commiffioners, and to receive fuch perfons as the faid commif-Officer topey fioners (hall inlift into his Majefty’s fervice; and the officers for re-fubfiftence ceiving the faid recruits (hall pay to fuch perfon as the faid com-wryweruit m,fl"l0ners appoint, fixpence per Diem for the fubfiftence 6f y * every recruit-then inlifted* from the day of the laft meeting of

the

Keeper to be allowed their fubfiftence money.

Civil officers to be aiding in fecuring them, and to

the imprefled men.

Notice of ad-, iournment to

Digitized by Google

1779.] Anno decimo nono Gecrgii III. c. 10.	195

the commiflioners to the faid day of adjournment, the fame to

be charged to the account of the leveral regiments or companies

into which the faid recruits (hall be inlifted, together with fuch and incidental

charges and expences as (hall appear to the faid commiflioners charSc,>

to have been incurred, on account of the detaining the faid per-

fons, from the day of the former meeting of the faid commtf-

fioners to the day of fuch fecond meeting, not exceeding three

pounds.

XXXII.	And, for the better preventing any difputes which Perfonsdif-may arife about paying for the fubfiftence of thofe perronscharged as not who, having been apprehended and detained by virtue of this ^ ^ c* ad, may afterwards be difcharged upon examination before the this ad, pa-commiiiioners and military officers, be it further enaded by the rith not to be authority aforefaid. That if any perfon, beingjudged by the com- allowed their mifiioners not to be within the defcription of this ad, (hall be by exPencc,s them difcharged, the officers of the parifh or town (hall be in-

titled to no confideration for their expences in keeping fuch perfon ; and if any perfon beingjudged by the commiflioners to be If within the within the defcription of this ad, (hall be rejeded by the mill- defcription, taxy officer, fuch officer (hall pay to the officers of the parifh or j^officei^he town fixpence per Diem for the whole time that they ffiall (hall pay^he have kept fuch perfon, to be charged to the account of his re- expences of ' lpedive regiment or company; and every officer who (hall ob- keeping them, jedto any perfon delivered to him by the commiflioners, (hall Objections to fpecify his objedion to fuch perfon, whether it be to his age or be fpecified, fize, or bodily difability, and the grounds of fuch objedion (hall to by combe forthwith, as far as may be, inquired into by the faid com- miffioners. miffioners and they (hall proceed accordingly; and every officer Rcafonsof who (hall refufeor difeharge any perfon delivered to him by the difeharge to commiflioners, as fit to ferve his Majefty within the defcription beirantmitted of this ad, (hall, without delay, if a lana officer, tranfmit to his |°rthe recrc“ Majefty’s fecretary at war, or, if a marine officer, to the fecre- ££ at mr* tary of the admiralty, his reafons for fuch refufal or difeharge, in writing, figned by himfelf.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded. That the pay of every New-raifed

fuch new-raifed man, fo delivered to the officers or perfons men toreceive appointed to receive them as aforefaid, (hall commence from Pay from tl!e the time of his being takefn and fecured as aforefaid, and no i^nxfecured perfon, fo inlifted or entered in purfuance of this ad, (hall be an(j „ot liable to be taken out of his Majefty’s fervice by any procefs, to arreits for other than for fome criminal matter.	debt.

XXXIV.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority Commiflion-aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid may levy commiflioners, or any three or more of them, to impofe upon a not*x-any gaoler, or keeper of a houfe of corredion or prifbn, who on^aofer for (hall fuffer any perfon, committed to his cuftody in purfuance efcapeofmen, of this ad, to efcape; cr upon any high conftable, churchwar- ancj on pari(h den, overfeer, petty conftable, headborough, tithingman, or officers for other parilh or town officer, for every wilful negled or default negledof

in the execution of any warrant, order, or precept, to them or duly* any of them direded in purfuance of this ad, a fine not ex-

O 3	cceding

196	Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 10. [1779*

ceding ten pounds; and to caufe every fuch fine to be levied by diftrefs and falc of the offender’s goods* rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owners* and to pay the faid fine to the informer or informers.

The feeond XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, and fixth fee- That the fajd commiflioners* or fuch of them as (ball be pre-articVsVf war ^nt at mect*ng f°r lifting of foldiers as aforefaid* (haJl to be read to cau^e the feeond and fixth fe<5lior:s of the articles of war* again ft pew rtifed mutiny and defertion, to be read to every man raifed by virtue ipcti, &c. of this adl, in the prefence of the faid commiflioners$ and the faid commiflioners (hall tender to every fuch man the oath directed by the third fe6tion of the articles of war to be taken by fuch perfons as voluntarily enter into his Majefty’s fenricc, (which oath the faid commiflioners are hereby authorifed to Coramiflion- adminifter;) and the faid commiflioners, or any three of them ers to certify prefent* (hall and they are hereby required forthwith to certify* *ha*Y^Cy unc^cr their hands, that fuch perfon or perfons is or are duly that the 2d inlifted; fetting forth the name and pariffi, or laft place of and 6th ftdi- abode, of him or them refpe&ively, if known* and that the fe-o'ns of the ar* cond and fixth fe&ions of the articles of war againft: mutiny and tide* of war	defertion,	were read to him or them, and that he or they had

them *Xc	*°	*la^en the	oat^ mentioned in the	faid articles of war, or had

*	refufed to take the faid oath, and (hall deliver.fuch certificate,

together with fuch men, to the faid officers or perfons appointed to receive	them; and that it (hail	and may be lawful for fuch

officer or	officers to confine fuch	perfon or perfons unril he

or they (hall take the faid oath; and fuch perfon or perfons (hall be deemed and taken to be inlifted to all intents and purposes whatfoever, and (hall and may be proceeded againft as if be or they had taken the faid oath according to the faid articles Names of the of war j and the faid commiflioners (hall alfo forthwith caufe an men, parifli, entry or memorial to be made, in a book or books to be kept &c. to be cn- by them or their clerks for that purpofe, of the names of fuqh book/11 *	n.cw -raifed men, of the parifhes or places of their laft abode, (if

they can be known,) and of the time and place when and where fuch men were delivered to the faid officers or perfons appointed to receive them, and the names of the officers or perfons who received them, and for what regiment or company Attefted copy they were fo received, and the fums paid; and (hall caufe thereof to be true copies or duplicates ovf fuch entries, attefted by the faid wfthln **0 ^ commiflioners, pr any three or more of them then prefent, dayi^to the within forty days after the delivering fuch men as aforefaid, admiralty,&c. to be tranfmitted into the office of the admiralty, or of his mien penalty of jefty’s fecrctary at war for the time.being; and every clerk, for ?ol.	every negled or default in not tranfmitting the faid copies or

duplicates of fuch entries into the office of the admiralty, or of the fecretary at war, as aforefaid, (hall forfeit the fum of ten Application pounds; one moiety thereof tp the ufe of his Majefty, his pftheptnalty. heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons who (hnll inform or fue for the fame in fome of the f ourts of record at WiJlminjUry or the court of feffions in Scotland.

XXXVI. And

Digitized by L^ooQle

1779*3 Anno dccimo nono Georgii III. c. io.

XXXVL And be it further enafted, That' the faid feveral clerks to the faid commiflioners, provided the faid copies or duplicates be truly tranfmitted into the office of the admiralty or fecretary at war,'as aforefaid, fhall have and receive, by the hands of the paymafter pf his Majefty’s land forces and marines, or one of them, fuch rewards as the lord high treafurer or commiflioners of the treafury for the time being/ upon con-fideration of the numbers of men lifted in the feveral counties, cities, boroughs, or other places, and the pains and charges of the feveral clerks in this fervioe, (hall judge the faid clerks feve-rally and refpeftively to deferve.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral officers who (hall receive imprefled men raifed in the manner herein before mentioned, (hall pay to the clerk appointed by the commiflioners, for the ufe of the officers of the parifh or town fo employed in the railing fuch men, for their pains and fervices therein, twenty (hillings of lawful money of Great Britain for every man fo imprefled; and fhall alfo pay, for every fuch man who (hall have a wife or family, any fum not exceeding forty (hillings, nor lefs than ten (hillings, of lawful money of Great Britain, to the faid clerk, to be by him paid over, as is herein-after directed, into the hands of the church-wardens or overfeers of the poor, for the benefit of fuch parifh or township in which fuch man (hall have gained a fettlemenr, and whofe wife or family, may become chargeable to fuch parifh or townfhip refpeftively ; which fum (hall be fettled by the com-mifljoners prefent at the meeting when fuch perfon (hall be in-lifted or entered, or any three or more of them, regard being had to the number of children, or other particular circumftan-ces of fuch perfon fo inlifted j for both which payments the clerk (ball give a receipt; and the fum of fixpenceper Diem for keeping every fuch man who (hall be fo delivered as aforefaid, according to the number of days that the officers of the faid parifh or town (hall have kept him in cuftody, purfuant to the powers granted by this aft, until fuch delivery; the faid allowances of twenty (hillings, and of fixpence per Diemy in cafe of difpute, to be ascertained and diftributed to or among the faid churchwardens, overfeers, conftables, headboroughs, tything-men, and fuch other parifh and town officers, or any or them, according to the judgement and diferetion of the faid commif-fioners, or the major part of them then prefent.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be k further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, in their refpeftive divifions, are hereby authorifed and impowered, by and out of the faid fum of twenty (hillings, herein-before direfted to be paid for the ufe of the officers of the parith or town fo employed in the railing of filch men, to allot and order fuch fum as they, (hall think ht to the refpeftive high conftables, within their refpeftive limits and jurifdiftions, for their pains and fervice in the execution of this aft, not exceeding the fum of two (hillings.

O 4	XXXIX.	And,

*97

Rewards for

coraraiffioaer*

clerk*.

Officers to pay to the parifh officers, for their trouble, xos. for every fuch man $

and to the church wardens, See. from 10 s to 40 s. if fuch man have a wife or family.

as (hall be fettled by the com million- , ersj

and 6d. per Diem to the parifh officers for the time they fhall have kept him. Difputes relating thereto to be fettled by the commif-fioncrs.

Coramiflion-ers may allot, out of the money allowed to parifh officers, as. to the high conftables.

Digitized by

198	Anno	decimo	nono GeoRGH III. c. 10. [1779.

Every perfon XXXIX. And, for the encouragement of fit and able pcr-

voluntarily fons voluntarily to enter into his Majefty’s fervice, be it enacted int?tledto te<^> That cvcry fach Perfon who (hall, on or before the firft 3I. 3s. boun- day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty volunta-ty-moi)ey. rily enter into his Majefty’s fervice, before the faid commiffion-ers, at their firft or any fubfequent meeting, upon being duly attefted, (hall receive the fum of three guineas from the officers appointed to receive them, and (hall forthwith be delivered to Volunteers to the faid officers; and the faid com miffioners (hall caufe an entry ove^to*the* t0 mac*e *n f°mc book to be *cePt by them, or fuch clerk as military offi- they *ball appoint, of the names of fuch volunteers, and of the cers; and an parifties or places of their lqft abode, (if they can be known,) entry to be # and of the time and place whep and where they did fo enter laces' them (elves, aPd °f the fums paid to them, and by whom fuch of?bode,a&c. payments were made, and of the names of the officers or per-* fons who received fuch volunteers, and for what regiment or Duplicates of company they were received; and (fial} caufe true copies or du-entriestobe plicates of fuch entries, attefted by three or more of the faid tbe^ar^office0 ‘commi(fioners then prefenr, within forty days after the delivery See.	* °1 fuch volunteers, to be tranfafitted into the office of his Ma-

jefty’s fecretary at war for the time being, or into the office of The admiralty if the volunteers be delivered fqr the marines.

the war, if they demand

Volunteers to XL, And, for the greater encouragement of all perfons irceive pay who (hall be fit and willing to ferve his Majefty as volunteers, pftheir*n mC li furtber enabled by the authority aforefeid, That the pay ing;Clf ?ntCr	cvcry fuch perfon who (hall enter into the fervice Of his Ma-

jefty as a volunteer, in purfuance of this ad, or with any recruiting officer or ferjeant, during the continuance of this ad, (hall commence from the time that he (hall fo enter himfelt and to be dif- into his Majefty’s fervice; and that every fuch volunteer, after charged at the jie fhall have continued in the military fervice of his Majefty, veto or of* bi$ heirs and fupceftors, during the fpace of three years, (hall •	*	- be at liberty, if he (hall think fit, to demand his difeharge from

the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment or company to which* he (hall belong, unlefs the nation (hall be, then engaged in a war, and in that cafe fuch perfon (hall remain in fervice, during the continuance of war; and fuph difeharge (hall be granted to him gratis, in writing, under the hand of fuch colonel or commanding officer, who is hereby required and im-powered to give the fame accordingly, on pain of being cashiered.

XLI. And it is hereby further enabled, That no perfon who (hall enter into the fervice of his Majefty as a volunteer in purfuance of this a<5t; or with any recruiting officer or party during the continuance of this a<ft, and (hall not defert the fame, (hall, at any time after the expiration of fuch piilitary fervice, to fcrve parifli be liable in his perfon to do any highway duty, commonly cal-led Statute duty, or be appointed to ferve as a peace officer, pr rr. °lu * pari(h officer, or be liable to ferve in the militia, or in any pf his majefty’s land or fea forces* unlefs he (h^ll confepf there-

:	n

Volunteers, after expiration of their fervice, not liable to fta-tute duty, or

Digitized by

Google

1779*1 Anno dedmonono Georgii III. c. to.	199

to 5 and that every fuch volunteer, after fuch military fervice as but may fet aforefaid, (hall have the like privilege in refpeft of fetting up exa> and exercifing any trade, and of not being removeable* unlefs traCdc,nagree-heihall become aftually chargeable, as by the ftatute, made in able to Aft the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An s <*»• 3* * adl to enable fuch officerj, marinerj, and foldiers, as have been in the fea or land fervice, or in the marines, fence the twenty-fecond year of bis late mqjejly King George the Second, to exercije trades, is given to thofc who have ferved according to the faid recited aft; and all other the benefits and advantages therein exprefTed (hall extend, and be conftrued to extend, to all fuch volunteers, and alfo the wives and children of fuch volunteers as aforefaid, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid aft, and and every claufe thereof, were here again particularly repeated and re-enafted.	Volunteers

XLII. And be it further enafted, That if any volunteer difehargedbe-fhall be wounded or maimed in aftual fervice, fo as to become [a^on'of^thelr unfit for military duty, and (hall be difeharged oh that account term of fo. at any time before the expiration of the term for which he vice, on ac-was engaged to ferve, the fame (hall be exprefled in the dif- count of charge given him, under the hand and feal of his commanding officer j and every perfon fo difeharged (hall be intitled to the £ua| fcrvicef" fame privileges, benefits, and advantages, of every kind what- to be intitled ioever, as if he had continued for the full term ot his engage- to the fame tnent in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors; anything contained in this or any other aft to the contrary fcrvc^ t^c thereof notwithftanding.	full term.

XLIII. And be it further enafted, That every perfon who (hall imprefled be imprefled in purfuanceof this aft, after he (hall have continued men, after 5 jn the military fervice of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, years fervice* during the fpace of five years, (hall be at liberty, if he (hallbc think fit, to demand his difeharge from the colonel, or, in his they^emand abfcnce, the officer commanding the regiment or company to it. y which he (hall belong, unlefs the nation (hall be then engaged in a war, and in that cafe fuch perfon (hall remain in fervice during the continuance of war ; and fuch difeharge (hall be granted to him gratis, in writing under the hand of fuch colonel or officer, who is duly impowered and required to give the fame accordingly ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLIV. And, for the better obviating fuch frauds and abufes as No foldier or maybe praftifedinthedifehargingof foldiers, it is herebyenaft- marine to be <ed by the authority aforefaid, That no private foldier, who (hall di/ebarged be dqly inlifted or imprefled into his Majefty’s fervice by virtue of this aft, (hall, during the time fuch foldier continues in bis colonel* Great Britain, be difeharged from his Majefty’s fervice without etc. the confent of the colonel, or, in his abfence, the officer commanding the regiment, firft had and obtained in writing; and any officer of his Majefty’s land forces, marines, or fea fervice, 0®ce.r* who (hall prefume to difeharge any perfon, inlifted or imprefled purfuant to this aft, in any other manner contrary to this aft, contrary to fha}l by falfc muftcr pr certificate, or in confidcration of a this aft* or Ii	gratuity

Digitized by CjOOQle

200	A'hno	dccimo	nono Georgii III. C, io. [1779#

permitting gratuity of any kind, or by any other collufive or evafive ways aa^l^rvk* or means *hatfoever, fuffer or permit any perfon who (hall LSabe ca-**’ voluntarily inlift, or be imprefled into his Majefty’s fervicc ftuered. by virtue of this aft, to avoid the aftual fcrvice hereby intended, fuch perfon or perfons (hall not only lofe the benefit of this a eft, but every fuch officer (hall, for fuch offence, be cafhiered.

When any XLV. And, for the better preventing fuch frauds andabufesas "ew^led may be praftifed by any pretended ignorance of the terms under lorn his rtpu	anY	non-commiffion	officer	or foldier may have entered

menr, his 5 into the fervice, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That name, de- . whenever any perfon, who (hall be duly inlifted or imprefled ' fcrip**0” &c' into his Majefty's fervice during the continuance of this aft, ecTin the mib- j0*0 the,regiment or company in which he is to ferve, his lickbook. his name, defeription, and terms of fervice, (hall be entered in thcieof;	* the public book of fuch regiment or company ; and a copy of

fuch entry (hall be delivered, as a certificate for every fuch perfon, (igned by the commanding officer of fuch regiment or company.

and when	XLV I.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

draughted That whenever and as often as fuch perfon (hall, by the neceffity into pny other 0f the fervice, be draughted into any other regiment or company, company °to cntl7 be made in the fame manner in the publick be entered book of fuch regiment or company ; and the commanding accordingly, officer thereof is hereby direfted to add to the certificate the circumftance of fuch perfon being draughted, and at what time, and to fign his name and rank thereto.

Perfons em- XLVII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, execution of That nocommiflioner, churchwarden, overfeer, conftable, head-this aft, ex- borough, tithingman, or other parifti or town officer, who empted from (hall be employed in the execution of this aft, fhall be liable, the penalties for or by reafon of fach execution, to any of the penalties men-#<Car a tioned in an aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of 5	* ** King Charles the Second, for preventing dangers which may happen

from popijh recufants; or in one other aft, made in the firft year of the reign King William and Queen Mary, intitled, aft for abrogating the oaths of allegiance andfupremaey^ and appointing other oaths; or in one other aft, made in the parliament holden in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the and 15 & 14 reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An aftfor. Gul. 3.	the further fecurity of bis Majejlfs perfon, and the fucceffton of the

crown in the protejlant line; and for the extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders, and their open and fecret abettors,

Imitations of XLVIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, aftions. That if any aftion, plaint, fuit, or information, (hall be commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons for what he or they (hall do in purfuance or execution of this aft, the fame (hull be commenced within fix months after the offence committed, and (hall be laid or brought in the county or place where th$ faft was committed, and not afterwards or elfewhere; and

fuch



Digitized by LiOOQle

201

1779*1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 10.

fuch perfon or perfonsfued, in any court whatfoever, (hall and may plead the general iflue not guilty, and upon any iflue joined General iflue. may give this a A and the fpecial matter m evidence; and if the plantiflf or profecutor (hall become nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer a difcontinuance, or if a verdidt or judge* ment upon demurrer pafs againft him, the defendant (hall recover treble cofts, for which he (hall have the like remedy as Treble cofts. in any cafe where cofts by the law are given to defendants.

XLIX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That the ftatute made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of Adt 14 Geo. *. his late majefty King George the Second, intitled. An a& for the fo far as it re. rendering the jujlicei of the peace more fafe in the execution of their extended office) and for indemnifying conftables and others acting in obedience to^ftice^and to their warrants, fo tar as the faid adt relates to the rendering commiffiotithe juftices more fafe in the execution of their office, (hall ex- ers acting tend, and be conftrued to extend, to the juftice or juftices of under autho-the peace, and the commiftioner or commiffioners adting under ^ 0 1 14 the authority, or in execution of this adt; and no adtion or fuit (hall be had or commenced, or writ iflued out, or copy of No a&ioo to writs ferved upon any peace officer or officers, or any other ** coramen-perfon or perfons, for any thing done in the execution of this	i9C

adt, until notice in writing fhall have been given to him or doneincxe-them, or left at his or their ufual place of abode, by the attor- cution of this ney for the party commencing fuch adtion, or fuing out or ?&# hlf notice (Serving the copy of the laid writ; which fipd notice in writing (hall contain the name and place of abode of the perfon who is thegpLty.t0 tp bring fuch adtion, together with the caufe of adtion or complaint, and the name and place of abode of the faid attorney (hall be underwritten or indorled thereon ; and fuch defendant or defendants (hall be at liberty, and may by virtue of this adt, Defendant at any time within fourteen days after fuch notice, tender, or may tender caufe to be tendered, any (urn or fums of money, as amends 4I?ends for the injury complained of, to the party complaining, or to ^ned1©?," the faid attorney ; and if the fame is not accepted of, fuch de- and plead’the fendant or defendants may plead fuch tender in bar of fuch ac- fame in bar, . tion or adtions, together with the general iflue, or any other plea, with leave of the court5 and if, upon ilfue joined upon fuch tender, the jury (hall find tlie amends tendered to have been fufficient, the faid jury (hall find a verdidt for the defendant or defendants, who (hall in fuch cafe be intituled to his and their treble cofts.

L. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, No adtion to That if any adtion (hall be brought againft any juftice of the bc brought in peace, commiffioner, or other officer, employed in the execu- f^imtof1 tion of this adt, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the executing this perfon inftituting fuch adtion (hall, previous to the commence- adt, till notice ment thereof, intimate by himfelf, orchis agent or attorney, his has been given faid intention, and grounds of complaint, fo as that the juftice, commiftioner, or other officer, may have opportunity of mak- may tender ing due amends for the injury intended to be profecuted ; and amends, tie. if the faid juftice, commiftioner, or other officer, (hall make it

appear,

Digitized by

Google

Anno derimo nono Georgii III. c. 10.	[1779.

appear, to the fatisfaAion of the judge before whom the *Aion is brought, that fuch due amends was tendered and refufed previous to the commencement of the aAion, the faid judge (hall give decree for the defender, who (hall, in fuch cafe, be intituled to treble cofts of fuit.

Where the LI. Provided always, and be further enaAed by the authority ^rotebteL^fe ^forefaid. That where a verdiA (hall be given for the plaintiff, [br*doing the *n anY a&ion to be brought againft any juftice of the peace or aAion com- commiflioner, or any peace officer or other perfon, for feizing, plained of, the taking, imprifoning, or detaining, fuch plaintiff in execution titled	a<^> un<^cr colour of any authority or authorities hereby

mages nor g*vcn> an<*lt appear to the judge or court, before whom colts i	the fame (hall be tried, that there was a probable caufe for do-

ing the aA complained of in fuch aAion, and the faid judge or court (hall certify on the record that there was probable caufe, as aforefaid; then, and in fuch cafe, the plaintiff (hall not be intituled to above two-pence damages, nor to any cofts of fuit.

but if the LII. Provided always. That where a verdiA (hall be given caufeof aAion for the plaintiff in any fuch aAion as aforefaid, and the judge was roalici- or COurt, before whom the caufe (hall be tried, (hall certify ed, he	on rccord* that the injury for which fuch aAion was

have double brought was wilfully and malicioufly committed, the plaintiff cofts.	(hall be intituled to double cofts of fuit.

His Majefty. when a fufiici-ent number of men (hall be raifed, may, by proclamation. &c. fufpend the execution of this a&j

or may fufpend or enforce it in any county or place.

Volunteers to enjoy all their privileges, & c. not with Handing fuch fuf-peniion.

Chief magi-ftrate of cities, See, upon notice from the fecretary at war, to enforce this aA within their jurifdic-tions.

LIII. And be it, further enaAed, That when his Majefty (hall be fatisfied, by the faid returns of the commifConers or otherwife, that a fufficient number of recruits in the whole (hall be raifed for his prefent fervice, or for other fufficient reafons, it (hall be lawful for his Majefty to fufpend or revive the execution of this aA, with refpeA to the whole of Great Britain, or any part thereof, by proclamation or order in council, or other public notice in the London Gazette, or by notice from his Majefty’s fecretary at war \ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LIV. Provided alfo. That his Majefty, when he (hall judge it expedient for his fervice, may at any time fufpend the execution of this aA, in any county or place of Great Britain, by notice from his Majefty's fecretary at war; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enaAed, That all perfons who (hall enter as volunteers during the continuance of this aA, (hall be intituled to the fame bounties, privileges, immunities, and advantages, as are herein granted to fuch volunteers, notwithftanding any fuch fufpenfion as aforefaid.

„ LVI. And whereat it may often be expedient for bis Majefty s fervice, that the commiffioners hereby appointed /hall execute this aft in cities, towns > or other places, when it may not be convenient to enforce the execution thereof through the county in which fuch city, town, or place, Jball be refpeftively fituate 5 be it therefore enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That the mayor or other chief ma-giftrate of any city, town, or place, (hall, upon receiving

notice

Digitized by t^-ooQle

1779*1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. io.	203

notice'for that purpofe from the fecretary at war, immediately proceed to put this adt in execution, within their refpedtive jurifdidtions, in the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch mayor or other chief magiftrate had received fuch notice from the (heriff of the county in wjiich fuch city, town, or place, (hall fee refpedtively fituate; any thing In this adk contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LVII. And, forafmuph as great inconveniences, may happen Labourer*, by impreffing men during the time of harveft, be it therefore havingproper enadted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the certificates, twenty-fifth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and beVnprcffcd feventy-nine, until the twenty-fifth day of Oflober following, from May »5, no harveft labourer, or pcrfon working at hay harveft or corn to O&. *5. harveft work, within the time aforefaid, within the kingdom of Great Britain, (hall be imprefled by virtue of this a<ft, but (hall be free and exempted from the fame, during the time aforefaid, provided they have a certificate, under the hands of the minifter, and of one church-warden or overfeer of the poor, or elders of the parilh or place where they live, allowed under the hand and feal of one juftice of the peace of the fame county, (hire, ftewartry, riding, city, or place ; which certificate (hall be given gratis.

‘ - LVIII. And, for the more eafy and better putting this adk Commiflion-into execution, be it enacfted by the authority aforefaid, That ers for exccu-any three or more commiflioners for putting this adt in execu- the tion in the feveral ridings of the county of York, (being juftices caftleofYork. of the peace, though not all of the fame riding), may, within the caftle of York, or limits thereof, execute the powers of _this adk.

LIX. And whereas divers foldiers who have defer ted his Ma- Commi/fion-jejiys fervice% have been harboured in a certain place called Threap- crsforexecut-wood, lying within or near the counties of Chefter and Flint, or xLeap.wood! one of them, and adjoining to the town of Cuddington, in the faid p county of Chefter, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the commiflioners hereby appointed for the county of Ckejler, and the officers of the faid town of Cuddington, (hall execute this adk in the faid place called Threapwood, according to the true intent and meaning thereof.

LX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Continuance That this adt, and every thing therein contained, (hall be and ot this s^t. continue in force until the firft day of Mayy one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, and no longer.

LX1. And be it further enadted. That the forms of pro- Formf 0f pro. ceedings relative to the feveral matters contained in this adt, ceedings to be which are fet forth and exprefled in the fchedule hereunto an- ufa* as fet nexed, (hall be ufed upon ill occafions, with fuch additions j®*1 *	the

and variations only as may be neceffary to adapt them to the lc c c*

Particular exigencies of the cafe; and that no objedtion (hall e made or advantage taken for want of form in any fuch proceedings by any pcrfon or perfons whomfoever,

LXU,

Digitized by

Google

204	Anno	decimo nono GeoRGII III. c. 10. [1779.

Form pre- LXII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, feribea for 7'hat the feveral entries, which the commiffioners for executing triV purfaant	arc	squired	to	make,	of the names and deferiptions of

to this aft. all volunteers, and alfo of all imprefled men, together with the other particulars herein-before directed, (hall be made according the form hereunto annexed.

U

Recruit's  Name.	•e	Height.		>  09  O	Deferip-tion of the Recruits	For  what  Corps  prefled.	For what Corps in-liAed voluntarily.	Sum paid. |	By whom i paid. 1	Officer who  received or refufed the Recruit, and on what Day.	On what  Grounds  refufed.
		n  r*	Inches.								
											

The

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1779 ] Anno dedmo nono Georgii IIL c. io.

The SCHEDULE,

(fating the Fofms) to which the Ail refen.

No. I.

Form of a Warrant to a High Conjiabk.

To	High	Conjiabk of

To wit,

JW

E, wbofe names and feals are hereunto fet,

of the commifftoners appointed (among others) to put in execution an ait of parliament, pojfed in the nineteenth year of the reign of bis prefent majejly King George the Third, in-titulei, [infert the title or the a&] do, by virtue and in purfuance of the faid ait, hereby ftriflly enjoin and require you, upon receipt hereof \ to iffue your precept to the church-wardens, overfeers of the poor, petty conftables, bead-boroughs, tithingmen, and other parijb and town officers, within the feveral parijhes, town{hips, confab lewicks, and other places, w//Af/z the diflrifl or divifion of [	]

aforejaid, and every of them, requiring them diligently to make or caufe to be made a general fearch within theirre-fpeflive parijhes, townjhips, confablewicks, or other places, for all fuch ablebodied idle and diforderly perfons, do not exerdfe and indufirioufly follow Jome lawful trade or employment, or have fome Jubfance fufficient for their fupport and maintenance, or who Jhall appear to them to be able-bodied idle and diforderh, and not to exerdfe and indufri-oufly follow fome (pwful trade or employment, or have fome fubfance fufficient for their fupport and maintenance \ and all able-bodied perfons who Jhall have been convifled, before any jufice or jufices of the peace, of illegally landing, running, unjhipping, concealing, or carrying, prohibited goods, wares, or merchandizes, or any foreign goods liable to the payment of the duties of cufoms or excife, the fame duties not having been paid or Jecured, or of aiding or ajjifiing therein, in any penalty not exceeding forty poundsand to brirtg them before us, or fuch other commifjmers for putting the faid aft in execution as {ball meet for that purpofe at in the parijb of	within the faid diflrifl or

divifion, on	the	day	of

at	of	the	clod	in	the	every	fuch

perfon as they {ball find, or who are or JhaU appear to them Vo be within the above defortption, to be then and there examined and dijpofed of according to the faid aft of parliament•

Given

Digitized by L* ooQle

Anno decimo nono GeoRGII HI. c. io. . [1779.

' Given under our hands and feats, at .	aforefaid,

the	day	of	in	the

year of the reign of our fovereign lord George the Third, King of Great Britain, QV. and in the year of our Lord.

No* II.

Form of conviction of offenders againfl this a&.

I T)£ it remember id, That on this day of To wit. j £> in the	year of the reign of his prefent

majejty King George the Third, A. B.of	is	duly

convicted before us, and other commiffionersfor putting in execution an ad of parliament, made and paffed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent majejty King George the Third, intituled, [infert the title of the ad] for that he, the faid A. B. on the	day	of

lajl, did

•

Wherefore we, the faid commijjtoners, do adjudge, that be, the faid A. B. do pay the fum of	as a fine for fuch

offence, in purJuance of the powers in us vejied by the faid aCt of parliament.

Given under our hands and feals, the day and year above written.

No. III.*

Form of a warrant of diflrefs.

To

) T?Orafmuch as A. B. late of	was,	on	the

To wit. J JL1	day	of	duly convicted before us

and other commijfiiners for putting in execution an aCt of parliament, made and paffed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, intituled, [intert the title of the ad] by the oath of C* D. a credible witnefs,for that he the faid A. B. on the day of	lajl,	did	by	reafim	whereof

We did adjudge and have adjudged him to pay the fum of as a fine for fucb offence, in pur-fuance of the powers in us vejied by the faid aCt of parliament: and whereat it appears to us that the faid fum of is not yet paid, we therefore authorife and require you forthwith to make diflrefs of the goods of him the faid A. B. and if, within the /pace of five days next after fucb diflrefs by you token, the faid fum of

/ball not be paid, that you do cauje the faid

goods

1779-] Anno decimo nono GeoRGH III. c. io.

goods by you feized to be appraifed and fold\ rendering the overplus to him tbe/aid A. B. after deducting the faid fum of	and	alfo tbe tofts and charges of fuck

diftrefs and [ale, and to pay tbe faid fine to the informer. Jtiereof fail not.	*

Given under our bands and feah> tbe	day	of

No. IV.

Form of commitment by a juft ice for examination before tbe commifftoners.

To	'

{ D Eceive into your cufiody the body of A. B. herewith To wit. \ XV fent you, having been impreffedby C. D. by virtue of a warrant to him dire fled by E. F. G. H. and I. K. three of the commifftoners for putting in execution an oft of parliament pnJJed in the nineteenth year of the reign of bis pre-font majejly King George the Third, intituled, [infert the title of the aft] to ferve bis Majejly as a foldier or a fea-man, and brought before	one	of bis Majejly s

juftices of the peace in and for the faid county, by the faid C. D. to be examined; and the faid A. B. being adjudged by me to oe within the defeription of the Jaid aft, him fafely keep in your cufiody till he Jhall be conveyed before the faid commifftoners for executing the faid aft, at their next meetings or until he Jhall be thence dijebarged by due courfe of law; and for fo doing this Jhall be your fufficient warrant.

Given under my band and feal, this	day	of

in the year of our Lord

No. V.

Form of a warrant to feeure men impreffed.

i To the keeper of the gaol (or houfe of correction, at To wit. j	in	the	faid	county.

THESE are, in his Majejly*s name* to charge and command you to receive and fafely keep in your cufiody who has (or have) been raifed and levied to Jerve his Majefty as a foldier (or foldiers), purfaant to an aft of parliament made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, [here infert the title] until he (or they) Jhall bt delivered from your cuf-tody according to the faid aft oj parliament.

Given under my hand and feal (or our bands and feals), the day of	in	tbe.year	of	our	Lord

• Vol. XXXII.	P	CAP.

Digitized by

Anno dccimo nono Georgii III. c. 11,-14. [1779.

5U # t« »•



;	.	c	a	p. xr.

An Aft for rendering more beneficial an aft, made in the thirtyfirfr year of the reign of King George the fecond, intituled, An A8 fir eJtabUJbsng

, agreements, made between Charles Brandling efqnire, and other perfans, proprietors of lands, for laying down a waggon way, in order for the better fup~ fijeeeg the town and neighbourhood of Leeds m tbe county of York, with coals, by enabling the (aid Chirlet Brandling to fupply, annually# a larger quantity of coals to and for the u(e of the faid town and neighbourhood \ ^d^for^ nrgulatiog the prices of carrying coals from the repofitory ax

C A P. XU.

An aft for repairing tbe highways and. bridges in the county of Linlithgow and Bathgate.

C A P. XIII.	%	,

An aft for the better relief and employment of the poor# within thc^eye-ral hundreds of Hartfmere, Boxne, and Thredling, in the county of ■ Sotblk.

C A P. XIV.

$Inaltfir	the better Jiippfy tf mariners and feamen to ferve in bit

....	Majefly's	flips	of war, and on board merchant Jbips and other

1.	'	trading flips and vejfels. .

Preamble. XT OR the better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in X1 his Majefty’s (hips of war, and on board merchant (hips, and other trading (hips and vefiels; be it ehafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana con fen t of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent From the paf- Par^ament aflembled, and by the authority of (he fame, that, ling of this	from and after the palling of this aft, until the twenty-fifth day

aft till March of March, one thoufond (even hundred and eighty, and no long* •s* *7*®*mer* er, (except in refpeft to fuch merchant (hips, and other trading Ac^may^be ^'P* or veffels, -which (hall be on their voyage before the faia navigated by twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and three-fourths eighty, who (hall be, and are hereby allowed the liberty and be-toreign fca- nefit of returning home navigated in the manner as herein-after is provided,) it (hall and may be lawful for any merchant (hip, or other trading (hip or vefiel, to be navigated by foreign feamen br mariners, not being natives of Britain, or of-any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his Majefty’t natural or naturalized fubjefts, fo as the number of fuch foreign feamen or mariners do not Exceed three fourths of the mariners it any one time employed to navigate fuch merchant (hip, or Other trading (hip or vefiel, and that one fourth at lead of the mariners or feamen (o employed, 4>e at all times natives, or his Majefty’s naturalized fubjefts of Great Britain, (hidden death, and hazard and cafualties of war, and the feas, fa ved and excepu ed,) ope aft of parliament, made in tbe twelfth year 6f the raign of his late majefty King Charles the fecond, (intitoled, Sb alt for the encouraging and en&eaftng of flipping and navigation,) or. dbypther ftatutc or law, to the contrary notwithftanding.

1	1	IlvProvtdcd

7 .. , .	*	•

Digitized by v^ooQle

1779-1 Am*0 decimo nono Georgii IH. c. 15,16.	209

II. Provided always^ That nothing in this aft contained (hall Thisaftfnoe extend to take away or reftrain thd effeft of any fuch royal pro- to reftrain any clamation, as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, are impower- roH *d to make by virtue of an ad, pafled in the thirteenth War of Jj^epuriiairt his late Majesty’s reigft, (intituled. An all far the better Juppfy i/’toan *& 13 mariners and feamen% to fe*ve in bis Majejljs {hips of war, am( on Geo. IL board merchant/hips and other trading Ihips and privateers.)	'

CAP. XV.

An alt to continue an a&> made in the fourteenth year of the reign of	1

his prefent Majefty ^ (tnituled. An a<5* for regulating tnao* houfes,) far a further time therein limited.

WHEREAS an all was pajfed in the fourteenth year of the Prttm**t#

reign of bis prefent A$ajefy% intituled, An aft for regulat- A& t^ Gto. ing mad-houles: And whereas it is expedient that the jaid a&Jbould ***• rtdtaA. be continued for a further timt\ be it therefore cnafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the fame.

That the faid aft (hall continue in force for the further term of'JJJttaeSffc# feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next fcfliqn ftten years, of parliament.

CAP. XVI.

An aft for ponhhing mutiny and deferrion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Preamble. Number of forces 30,346, including 3,113 invalids. After March *4, 1779, during the continuance of this aft, every officer and pri-me man, who fhall mutiny ordefert, &c or lift in any other regiment,

&c. or (hall be found flee ping upon, or (hall defert htspoft, or hold<orref-: pondence with the enemies of his Majefty; or (hall ftrike or difobey bis fuperior officer; (hall fuffer death, or fuch punifbmtnt as a court-mat rial (hall inflift The King may grant a com million for holding courts-martial; Sic. Coorts martial may inflift corporal punifhment tor immoralities, &c. General court martial not to confilt of lefs than 13$ (except within the garriions of Goree and Senegal, See.) and the prefident to be a field officer, or officer next in feniorlty, not under the degree of a captain;

(except in the garrifonsof Goree and Senegal, where they are to confift of five at.the lealt,) may admlnifter an oath to witnefTcs. Officers to be lworn. Judge's charge before oath. The oath. The judge-advocate to be fworn. The oath. In fenteaces of death, what number of officers (hall concur. See. Hours of trial. Deferter may be adjudged to ferve in any corps abroad for life, or for a term of years; but returning without leave before expiration of fuch term, he (hall fuffer death. The party tried in tilled to a copy of the (entente and proceedings of the court-martial.

Original proceetdings. Sec. of courts-martial to be tranfmkted to tbp judge advocate general in London, See. Proceed logs of courts, or entries or copies thereof, not liable to (tamp-duties. None* to" be tried a feconjp time for the fame offence, except in cafe of appeal. This aft nor to exempt foldiers from ordinary prottediaga. Penalty on faUe certifies res to cxcufe loidiers from mutter* Penally on officera-^alung falfe muflers.&l*

Piftinous names allowed by his MajeltyH order jipon the mutter-rolls for the maintenance of officers widows, not to fee conftrutd a talfe muftefr.

Commiflary or multer-matter to give notiee pf~ mutter to mayor, Jfcc. OS pfaa ty of $©L Mutter-rolls to be fignqd by tfet mayor, ficc. Penalty 00

T*	pnSmf

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. i [1779.

perfons offering themfelves to be falfeTy muftered. Horfe* faNely muQer-

•	ed, to be forfeited, &c. Forfeiture how to levied. Officer! embezzling. Sec. military floras, to be caftnered, and forfeit tool, and the damage to be made good by» fale of his goods and chattels; for want of di&refs, the perfon to be committed. Application of the forfeiture. Muiler ruafter, Sec. taking a mufter, to make oath. The oath. Mufter-rolls, though tranfraitted without the oath indorfed to the paymafters general, to be good vouchers to the auditor. Penalty on agents, Sec. detaining officers or fol-diers pay. Weekly rates. Penalty on agents difobeying of orders. Surgeon, Scc. within ten miles ot London, &c. to certify who are tick; and commanding officers to certify who are employed in tailing recruits. Penalty on officer rouiteiing perfons by wrong names. Conftables, &c. to quarter officer ?nd men in inns, alehoufes, Sec. but in no diftillers or (nopkeepei s houfes, or in any private houfes. Penally on conftables, Sec. quartering foldiers in private houfes, Sec. Penalty on officers quartering foldiers contrary to this adl, See. Perfons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any juftice, and be relieved. No juftire having any military office to be concerned in billetting his foldiers. Officers and (ol-diei s to pay rates for their proviiions. What innholders may allow men quartered on them inftead of meat. Penalty on taking money to excufe

•	any ptrfon from quartering. Dragoons, Scc. and their horfes to be bil-letted in the fame houfes. Manner of changing men and horfes. Claufe relating to a foldier’s fettlement for his wife and children. Officers, &c.

' to be quartered in Scotland as the laws in forre at the union direct. No pay mailer, Sec. to make ded u&ions out of cfficers or private men’s pay. Exception. Treafury may ilfite out the money due for clothing every two months. Paymaiters to deduct the offreckonings Officers to give notice to innkeepers of fubfiftence-money in their hands. Rates of fubfiftence to be paid to-innkeepers, Sec. for foldiers quarters. Penalty on officers net paying fubfiftence-money. On nonpayment of quarter?, the officer to make up accounts, &c. No mufter in Weitminfter, &c. but in the pie-fence of two or more jullices. ConttabUs, Sec. may billet foldieis in Weitminfter, &c. Petty conftables, &c. to quarter foldiers in their re-1pe&ive divisions. Conftables, Sec. to deliver lifts at quarter feffions, on oath of inhabitants, and foldiers quartered in their refpe&tve divilion^; to be infpe&ed without fee. Copies of fuch lifts to be wrote by the cleric

*	at ad per fheet, containing 150 words. Penalty on default. Penalty on giving defettive lilts. How to be levied. This a£t to extend to Jerfey, Scc. Muiter-rolls to be clofed on the day of the mufter, and returned to the pay mafter of the forces, &c. Penalty. Juftices may order conftables to provide carriages. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more' than one day's journey, See. Penalty on conftables Sec. Neglect. Treafurcrs of the county to repay the conftable's extraordinary charges. The money for that purpofe how to be raifed. No

'waggon &c. to carry above 30 hundred weight. Carriages in Scotland how to be provided. Soldiers wives. Sec. nor to be quartered withoutcon-fent. Penalty. Penalty on officers or foldiers deftroying the game. How the account of every regiment (hall be kept. Penalty on paymaiters, &c« Penalty on colonels. Noncommiffion officer embezzling foldier's pay, Sec. to be reduced, Sec. Juftices may commit deferters. Reward for tak-king up deferters. Penalty on perfons concealing deferters, or receiving their arm*, clothes, Scc. Penalty on officer breaking open any boufe without warrant. His Majefty impowered to make articles of war. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes exprefled to be fo puniiha-ble by this aft. Deferters beyond fea, Sec. may be tried here, or in Ireland, &c. This act to extend to deferters, &c. in Ireland, Sec. Perfon* acquitted, Sec. by the civil magiftrate, may.only be caihiered by a court-martial. Perfons accufed of capital crimes. Sec. to be delivered over to the civil magiftrate, Scc. Paymaiters. &c to account with executors. Perfons fued may plead the General iflue, Treble cofts. All fuits to be brought in forae of the courts of record at Weitminfter or Dublin, or the court oF feffion in Scotland. Continuance of this aft. Penalties a gain it

*	an aft 1 Geo. I. where to be fued (or. No volunteer liable to process, un-

* lefs

Digitized by

1779*] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c.17.	an

left for fome criminal matter, or unlefs for a real debt of the value of 10I.

Oath of the debt to be made before a'judfce, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the procers. Plaintiff may file a common appearance. Soldiers while confined for debt, nof to receive pay Penalty on conltsbes, See, taking money to excufe any perfon from quartering; and , on victuallers refofing to quarter foldiers. J allices may order conftables, to give an account of the number of foldiers quartered, &c Ho* the troops are to pay in palling over ferries in Scotland. Claufe for relief of perfons haltily inlifting themfilves. Perfons refufing the faid relief to be proceeded againft as if duly inbfted. Offences againlt former mutiny aCU punifiiable by this adfc. None liable to be tried, Sec for offences againlt former aCb, which were committed three years before iffuing the warrant for trial j except tor defertion. Officers, Scz. of the trams of artillery" fubjeCf to this a6t. American troop*, aCtihg in conjunction with Britilh' forces,	to	the	fame	martial laws. Officers and foldiers of the

American troops fent over to great Britain, to be quartered and bilet-trd as the Britilh forces; and under the fame regulations and penalties.

Where any corps beyond feas {hall be relieved in order to return home, fuch of the men as Ihall chuCe may be infilled, and incorporated with thole appointed to remain; the occafion of quitting fuch former corps to be re* cited in the inlifting certificate. This aCfc not to extend to the militia further than is directed by the militia laws. As often as it ihall be neceffary, officers of the land and marine forces may fit in conjunction upon courts-martial; taking rank according to the feaiority of their commiffions.

C A P. XVII.

An aft to explain and amend an aft, maett in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of bis late majefly King George the fecond intituledT An aft for amending, explaining, and reducing into one adl of parliament, the laws relating to the government of his Ma-jefty’s (hips, veffels, and forces by fea.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in twenty fecond year 6f the Preamble.

reign of his late majejly King George the fecond, intituled,

An adl for amending, explaining, and reducing into one adl ACl ** Geo. of parliament, the laws relating to the government of his Ma- II. recited, jelly's (hips, veffels, and forces by fea ; it is, among other thingsf enafted, that from and after the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and forty-nine, no member of any court-mar-tial, after the trial is begun, /ball go on Jhore till fentence be given, but remain on boarj the Jbip in which the court Jball firjl ajfemble, except in cafe of fecknefs, to be judged of by the court, upon pain, of being cafinerei from his Majefly s fervice; nor jball the proceedings of the faid court be delayed by the abfence of any of its members, provided a jufficient number doth remain to compofe the faid court, which Jball\ and is thereby required to fit from day to day (Sunday always except •. ed) until the femence be given: and whereas it bath been found by ex-perience, that the confining members of courts-martial to the Jbip in which fuch courts-martial Jball firfi ajfemble, until Jentencc be given, hath been attended with great inconveniences and prejudice to the healths of officers fummoned to attend as members of courts-martial; and it is highly neceffary and expedient that fuch inconveniences Jhould be prevented in future; may if therefore pleafe your Majefly that it may be enadted; and be it enadled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords

P 3	fpiritual

Digitized by (^.ooQle

Part of the faid aft re* pealed.

Anno cjecimo nonp Gzorgii IU, 17.	[1279*,

fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, that fo much and fuch part of the (aid recited ad as directs that no member of any court-martial, after the trial , is begun, (hall go on fhore* v	till fentence be.given, but remain on board the (hip in which

,	the court (hall nrft alterable, except in cafe of ficknefs, to be

judged of by the court, upon pain of being cadiicred from his Majcfty’s fcrvicc; and ,that ’the proceedings of the faid court (hall not be delayed by the abfence of any of members, pro* vided a fufficient number doth remain to compofe the faid court, which is thereby required to fit from day to day (Sunday always excepted) until the fentence be given, (hall be, and the fame it hereby repealed and made void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

Proceedings II. Provided always, and be it enaded, That the proceedings of courts-	of any court-martial (hall not be delayed by the abfence of any of

*° its members, provided a fufficient number doth remain to com-the abfence of P°^e fuch court, which (hall, and is hereby required to fit from day any members, to day (Sunday always excepted) until the fentence be given j any provided eno* thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife remain to	notwitbftanding: and no member of the faid court-martial (hall

make a coutt. g^fent himfelf from the faid court during the whole courfeof uPon P®m	cafoiered	from	his Majefty’s fer-

except on*1 *icc, exceptrin cafe of ficknefs, or other extraordinary and indif-fome extra- pen fable occafion, to be judged of by the faid court, ordinary oc- HI. And whereas by two claufes in tbi faid alt, palfed in tbi cafion. twenty fecond%year of the reign of his late majtfty King George the fecand? it is enaHed and declared? That every perfon in the fleet, who «* Geotll. through cowardice? neglig nce? or difaffellion, Jball? in time of allien? recited,* * withdraw or keep back, or not come into the fight or engagement, or Jhall not do his utmofl to take or deflroy every flip which it Jball be kts duty to engage, and tg ajjifl and relieve all and every of his Majeflys flips? or tbafe of his allies, zvhich it Jhall be his duty to ajjifl and relieve? and being convified thereof by the fentence of a court martial? flail fuffer death; and alfo that every perfon in the fleet? who? through cowardice, negligence? or difajfeftion? Jhall forbear to purfut the chafe of any enemy? pirate, or rebel? beaten or flying? or Jball not relieve or ajflfl a known friend in view, to the utmofl of his power, and being eonvilled of any fuch offence by the fentence of a court-martial flail fuffer death : And whereas the refraining of the power of the court-martial to the infilling of the puniflment of death* in the feveral cafes recited in the faid claufes? may be attended with great hardjbip and m-and altered, convenience-? be it enaded, That, from and after the paffingof this ad, it (hall and may be lawful, in the feverai cafes recited in the faid claufes, for the court-mania) to pronounce fentence of death, or to inflid fuch other punifhment as the nature and degree of the offence (hall be found to deferve.

CA?,

Digitized by

Google

*779-] Anno dctimti ndoopEORGli III. c. 1$.

/	'	. .	7*

CAP. XVIII.

An ad for railing a certain Aim of money by way of annuities, and for

eftabliflung a lottery.

Preamble. 7,000,0001. to be ntiftd by knnuitles, and 490,00? 1. by a lot* tery. Contribators to tbe fom of 7,000,0001, to be in titled to certain annuities) which iull be charged upon a fund to be eflablifhed this fef-fion, and collaterally upon tbe finking fund. Contributors may have the annuity of 3I. 15 s. per cent, for life, inftead of for 19 yean, upon producing a proper certificate to the auditor of the exdiequer before Dec.»i,i779. Every contributor of toool. (hall, upon payment of 70I. more, be intitled to fcveit lottery tickets. Preamble) reciting that books have been opened at tbe bank, and depofits made, purfuant to a refolution of tbe houfe of Commons. All perrons who have made depofits, purfuant to the afore-Aid refolution, are required to pay the remainder of their fubfcriptions at certain times fpedfied. Subfcnbers to the annuities to be allowed intercft for aH monies paid in advance* Subfcnben to the lottery, on paying in the whole of their {ubfanpttom, Stall receive tickets to the amount thereof* Subfcribers to the 7,000,000!. intitled to an annuity of *1. per tent, and al(& to an annuity of 3 I. 15s. for 19 years 1 both payable half-yearly. All contributors who (hall pay in the whole of their contribution-money before June 30,1779, may receive the half year's annuity due July 5,1779, on the annuity of 31. 15 s. when they receive the half year's annuity due on the

3	per cent. otbcrwife they (hall not receive the faid annuity until Jan. 1780. Annuities to be payable and transferable at tbe blank of England, Ac* Cafhier of the bank to give receipts to contributors for moftey received; which (hall be affignable, Ac. Cafhier to give fecurity, to tbe good liking of the coramiffiouers of the treafuiyi and to pay all monies received into Che exchequer. Commiflioners of the treafury empowered to apply tlfe money paid in by the cafitier. A book to be orovided in the accountant-general's office, m which contributors names mall be entered, Ac. After contributors (hall have paid their fubfcriptions, they will he intitled to re-ceivethe annuities granted by this aft) which (hall be tax-free. Sub-Iqriptions paid in part, and not completed, (hall be forfeited to the pub-lick. As foon as contributors have completed their payments, the turns fubfcrlbed (hall, in the books of the bank, be placed to their credit. Accountant-general, on payment of 50I. per ctnt. of their contributions, before June *5, 1779, to give credit to tne contributors for the annuity of

‘ 31. 15 s. which (hall be transferable. Certain rates appropriated for payment of the annuities granted by this aft. Governor, Ac. of the bank to appoint a chief cafhier, and accountant general. Monies to be ifTued at the exchequer to the chief cafhier, for payment of annuities created by this alt. Accountant-general to examine receipts and payments. Annuities to be deemed perfonal eftate. Books to be kept by the accountant general, where -in (hall be entered all transfers of funk advanced on this aft. Method of transferring. The annuities of 31. 2 59. per cent, per emn. (hall be a feparate flock from the other annuities. The annuities of 31.15s.per cent, to be made a joint (tock with certain annuities granted, for 30 years by the lottery aft of lait feffion. Perfotis pofletred of itock may dfevife the fame by will, Ac. Commiffioners of the treafury to dilcbarge all incidental charges attending tbe execution of this aft. Tbe 3 per cent, annuities granted by this aft (hall be added to the joint dock of 3 per cent. transferable at the bank, Ac. The bank to continue a company till redemption of the annuities. 490,000]* to be raifed by a lottery) the prizes whereof to be paid out of any fupplies granted this feffion. Guardians, having the difpofal of infants money, may contribute to the loan, Ac. Contributors, for every 1001. they (ball advance, to be intitled to an annuity of 31.15 s. per mmatm for 7.9 years, or for life. Life annuities to be paid'at the exchequer half yearly. Cafhiers of the bank to give certificates to contributors who chufe lire annuities, which may be alugned before Dec.

4	if *77?* Caffiiers to tranfinit to the auditor of tbe exchequer a book Containing tbe names of the contributors, Ac, Contributors (hall de-

P4	.	liver

Digitized by

Google

atj

. f .

- . o

•1



214

Anno derimo nono pEoRGir III. c. 18. f 1779,

liver their certificates to the auditor, before Dec. *», 1779, to be ex* changed for orders; and name their nominees. Auditor to caufe orders for payment to be made out as loon as convenient, which (hall be figned by the commifEoners of the treafury. Books to be kept in the offices of. the auditor and clerk of the pells, containing the names of the contributors, Sec. Part of the money toarife from the new duties to be fet apart f«*r tfce annuities on lives. On death of nominees, annuities to ceale. Life annuities may be transferred. Transfer to be entered at tbe exchequer. When contributors, Sec, demand payment of their annuities in tne absence of their nominees, they muft produce certificates of their being alive on the day when the refpeltive half yearly payments become due. What certificate necefiary when the nominee refides in England or Wales. Penalty on forging certificates, &c. What certificate ne-ctfTary when the nominee refides in Scotland or Ireland; or in parta beyond the Teas. Penalty on persons receiving a half yearly payment for any time after the death of their nominee. Contributors, within a mopth after notice of the death of thtir nomifiee, to certify the fame to the auditor of the exchequer, Sec. on penalty of 101, Annuities to be tax-free. COmmiffioners of the treafury, on receiving a proper certificate from the chief baron, Sec. of the exchequer, may caufe view orders to be made in lieu of fuch as (hall be lolt, burnt, &c. or de-faced, or incumbered with affignmmrs.. Claufe for preventing frauds relating to (landing orders, &c. Offenders to fuffer death as felons. No fee to be taken tor receiving or paying contribution-monies, or tor any transfer, See. Penalty on officers of the exchequer who (hall demand any fuch fee, or mifapply the monies, Sec. Office* s, in certain cafes, not to incur any penalty tor making wrong payments. If the fund to be ella-blifhed for payment of the annuities fhouid prove infufficient, the deficiency to be fupplied out of the finking fund ; which monies (hall be replaced out of the next fupplies. If tbe fund (hall be more than fufficient to pay the annuities, the furplus to be reserved for the difpofiti n of parliament. Managers and diredlors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery'books. Ticket. Managers to examine the book# pith the tickets, and deliver them to the cafhiers of the hank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cafhiers to return the books, with the undifpoled tickets, with an account of monies paid in. Undifpofed tickets to be delivered into the.exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or (ilk; and cut oft indent wife into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and fealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 49,000 tickets are to be -printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets, iqoo 1. to each firft drawn ticket of the firft eight days, and 1000I. to the laft drawn. Tickets of tbe laft-mentioned books to be rolled up and tied. Publicfe notice to be given of putting the*tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawiog on Nov. 19,1779. Method to be obferved in drawing. Sec. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the fums to be printed, Difputesto be adjufted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets. Sec. Felony. Offenders, not in pnlon, di(covering perfons guilty, to rective a pardon, and 501. reward. Provifo. Managers to be (worn* The oath. Cafhier may receive the fums fubferibed, before receiving tne lottery bock, giving a note for the fame; which (hall intitle the bearer to a ticket tor every 101. fo paid. Contributois not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their depofits %%ith refpelt to the lottery; and the tickets for fuch fums to be delivered into the exenequer. Commiffimers of the treafury may reward the managers, Sec. as they (hall think fit. Limitation of the (aleof chances, Sec. Penalty. Office keepers. fee. fil mg (hares in tickets of which they are not poffeffed, forfeit 500.1, and fuffer j months imprisonment. No perfon (ball keep any office for the fale of tickets, Sec. in Oxford or Cambridge, on penalty of to I. Offenders may be profecuted in the vice-chancellorV c *urt. Forfeitures may be levied by diftiefs, Sec. Procreding not to be temoved by Certiorari, until fufficient furety is given to profecute the (ame with effect, Sec. This aft pot to pjxjudice^ the privileges and jurifdiltions of tbe mayor. Sec. of /Oxford. Offences committed iq Ireland againft Brjtifti alts for prevemirig '	i	unlawful

Digitized by

Google

I779‘J Anno decimo nono GeoRGII TIT. C. 19.

unlawful lotteries, made puniftiable: Penalties may be fued for in Dublin. The 490,0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any fupplies granted this fefiion; and (hall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduftion, on March i, 1780,*&c. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets *for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c. and figned, Sec. No fee to be taken for receiving or pay ing the contribution-monies, or for any receipts, See. on penalty of aol. General iffue. Treble cofts.

, CAP. XIX.

An aft for defraying the charge of the pay apd cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thouiand (even hundred and feventy-nine.

Preamble Where the militia is or (hall be railed, the receiver-general of the county is to iflue tour months pay, in advance according to the efta-bhthment of pay here fet down $ with half a year's falary to the regimental and battalion cterks; and the allowances to the clerks'of the general and fubdivifion meetings ; and pay for cloathing of the militia. Where pay has not been ifiued, no pay to be lfliied till the lord lieutenant, or deputies, (hall have certified to the treafury and receivers-general the inrolment of three-fifths of the men and officers. The money is to be paid by the receiver-general to the clerk of the regiment or battalion, (except the allowances to the clerks of the meeting*) upon the producing the warrant of his appointment; and for independant companies, to the refpeftive cap* tains, or to their order; according to the eftablifliment laid down in the militia aft of 1 Geo. III. A (econd payment is alfo to be made within three months after the firff, and a third within three months after the fe-cond. Receipts of the perfons to whom the money (hall be fo paid, to difebarge the rcceivers-general. The regimental and battalion clerks are to pay in advance one month's pay to the adjutant; and two months pay to each captain tor the ferjeants, and drummers; and for the ferjeaht-ma-jor and drum-major two months pay to be paid to the commanding officer of the company to which they belong; Captains to diftribute the pay accordingly ; and account for the fame yearly to the clefk, or receiver-genera) it an iqdependant company, according to the following form; and pay back the furplus monies in his hands. On difcharge ot ferjeants or drummers as unfit for fervice, no pay to be iflued till others are appointed; nor any payment made to fuch as are difeharged by the commanding officer. The clerks are likewife to pay, out ot the films allowed for contingent expences. 1 d. per man for horpitalcharges ; and Hie films ne-ceflary for the repair of arras, and carriage thereof^ Refidue to be applied for the benefit of the regiment, &c. as the field officers and captains (hall direft Account of the faid fums to be made up yearly &c. Mope y allowed for contingent expehces of independant companies to be ap-plied and accounted tor by the captains. Clerk to retain money in his bands for his own falary. When the Id. lieut. or deputies (hall have fixed the days of exercife, they are to certify the fame to the receiver-general, (becifying the number df men, and days thry fhal» be abfent from home. Receiver-general to iflue there upon pay for officers and men to the regimental clerk, Sec. Where there (hall be indipendant companies only, the receiver general is to iflue pay to the captains, See. according to the rate here fet down. Clerks to pay over the money to the refpeftive captains. Captains to make up their account according to the following form; t6 be figned by them, and counterfigned by the commanding officer, and delivered, with the balapcc, to the clerk, or receiver-general Accounts allowed fufficient vouchers. During the time the troops are embodied, and called out into aftual fervice and receive pay as the King's other forces, all pay and allowance from the receivers genera] is to ceafe^ Receivers-general to pay the allowances to clerks of the general meetings, and to the clerks of the fisbdivifion meetings, upon producing orders from the lieutenant

or

21C



Digitized by v^.ooQle

Annodeelmtf ridJjd' G&oftOirHfc c.^d.	[17791

ofnftputy tamnantt { whkh offler to b« * difchargs to rtctitengmenL Regimental ap<1 bartalkwrclerittogive fecurify tor pacing and accounting' for the monies received by them j tne bonds to be tOdg*(f with the recenr-ers^gcneral, and put in Rifr by them onncitf-performance Of the* condition*! ahd they are intkJed thereupon to faD code and charges \ and $\*fet ob the money recovered the reftduej to be accounted tor to the audt-ton* The>wgimental and battalion clerks, and captains of independent companies, fare to deliver in a&ottats of their receipts and diffiarfementi/ Code, See. where to be recovered* No fee payable for any warrant or fan of money ifloed in purfuance of this aft. Officers on half-pay ferving in the militia,' may receive the fdbfiftenee money1 pay able to ttptamOieute*' nants, ofeisfigns, they taking the following oath'before a juft ice. The oath. Reeeiver-geoeral, upon receiving a warrant front-the command* iagv officer certifying the receipt of the dost hi ng, and an order for pay* roent is to pay the fame accordingly. If any regiment, die. ihall ceafe. 3*.perdiem> id to be paid to the adjutant from iuch time to March 05.17So

C A P. X*.	'

An aft/or .the better railing and fecuring a fund for a provifton for th* widows and children of the minifters of the church' of Scotland, and of - the heads, principals, and roxfttrs, in the univerftftec of Saint Andrews,

. Glalgow, Edingburgti, and Aberdeen $ and for repeating two aftsmade in the feventeenth and twenty fecond years of the reign of hit im w> jefty King George, the fecond for thofe porpofes, * r *	•	*b!-

Preamble. Aft 17 Geo. it. recited. The faid aft amended[by.£6t}as Geo. il. Minifters now in the church, &c. to continue liable in payment of tbeir rates. Minifters, Sic, hereafter admitted to be fubjeft to rates. Provifo Rutcfor notifying the option of rates. Rule for minifters,£c,.o^-ing their firtt payment, and future payments. Rate to be paid oh the ^eftUi of a painittcr, &c. Mini Iters, fubjeft to a tax on account of their marri* age., Provifo in favour of thofe who marry annuitants. Time when,or* cGioed affiftants are fubjefted to rates { aud when they ffiall make their election of rates. Ministers, See. of 40 years of age at admiffion, and ha>-ing children, fubjeft 10 additional, rates. Provifo iq cafe they are then ua-married. Perfpns holden two offices not fubjeft to an additional rate. Rate payable out of the ann: And where no ann. is competent, by the heirs, Sic, Rates payblc out of vacancies. Intimation to be made to the patrons of the refpeftive jparifhes when thefe rates become due. Time when thefe rates bear intereft. Penalty on prefbyteries, See, neglefting to make intimation. Rates, &c. privileged debts. Application of the money; awe. for payment of charges of management 5 for railing the capital $ and for paying the annuities to widows. Rule for computing annuities. Time when annuities (hall ceafe or determine. Children under age intitfed to reverSon of annuities. Widows marrying minifters, Sec. to continue an* jpoitanta. Provifo in favour of children under age. Sums to bj paid to * children whole fathers died widowers: When their proviftons are pawhJI. Truftees, in certain cafes, to make ftoppaget from the.widows annuities, alfo from the childrens proviftons. Loan of sol to be difeonttnued. Loans already granted to be repayed, with intereft. Loans may be repaid upon giving notice thereof. Capital to be raifed to 100,000 i. Surpluses of the annual produce above the annual expence to be applied for railing the capital, and likewife fuch 301. as (hall be repaid. No encroachment to be made on the capital, nor the railing thereof retarded* If the capital be diminilhed bow to be made up.. Plan-to be formed for difpofing of the x furplus of the fund, after the capital is raifed. In what cafe the laid plan may be fet aftde. Truftees appointed, Minifters in the univerlitiet and orelbyteries formerly truftees continued, unlefs they decline the office* Minifters admitted to any office in the univerfitiea or St. Andrews, Glaf*

Sow, and Aberdeen, &c to be truftees. Such truftees only to continue uring their being in thefe offices. Each prelbytery to cleft one Ti uftcci fo elefted may refute to aft, Truftees authorised to levy mi o	rates.

Digitized by v^ooQie

1779*] Anno <Jcdmo nono Georgii III. c. ii.	*17

rites, Ice. Truftees not to employ any part of the capital without con fin* of rbe lord prtfident, Sec. Quorum of truftees, and meetings appointed.

Manner in which the meetings of the truftees are to be called. Former clerk to the truftees eftxblifhed in his office. Succeeding clerks to give {scanty. Former collector eftsbliibed in his office, Sc. Provild. Power to the collector to recover rates. The cel left Or to execute his office of le-vying and applying the produce of the fund as directed by the truftees.

Provifo. Collector to keep a publick. office in Edinburgh. Cotle&or to dedu& from widows annuities, and childrens provifioat, lum* due by their dectafed huftwnds or fathers. Collector may appoint deputies. Expenses in recovering fume due from debtors to be paid out of their eftates.

Lords of council and fefion to iffue letters of horning againft Miuiftcrs,

Sec. lor compelling payment t and for recovering Turns due from vacant benefices and faUnes. CoUe&or, or his fureties in cafe of his death, may recover funs appointed to be made good by him. Refignation of officers to be made to the truftees at one of their ftated meetings. Truftees may fufpend or remove their officers upon reafonable caufe. Vacancies of the office of derk or collector to be filled up by the truftees, until the meeting of the general aflerobly. Provifo. One or two may be chofen to execute the office of collector. Notice to be given of election of officers; or fuch ete&ion8*to be void. .General coUecTor to give fecurity. Preibyteriesto make op lifts of mtnifters, See. admitted to benefices, Sec. Provifo in favour of the preibyteries in the Hies. Preibyteries, See. to give certificates to the widows and children. Truftees to make uplifts of widows and children inti Bed to receive annuities and proviftons. Truftees to fettle the lifts of annuitants. Scc.. and iffue warrants for payment, Sec. General collector to make payment upon warrants being prefented to him.

Widows or children to lodge the certificates required. No rewards to be taken by the colle&or or clerk for delivering warrants. Remedy for widows or children omitted in the lifts. If onriflion not owing to default, truftees may allow ihtereft on their claims. Time limited for making claims upon fuch omiffions. Payments to be made to majors, and to tutors for minors. Annuities and provifions to children not liable to arreft-ment. Truftees to attend ftated meetings, or forfeit ts. 6d. Provifo,

Truftees to prepare a ftste of the fund, and caufe the fame to be printed.

Expence of printing, Sec. to be paid by the colledor. Colle&or to exhibit an account of money come to his hands. Annual rates paid by the minifters deemed part of their ftipends. Expence of this ad to be paid by the collector. Former aCts repealed. Publick ad.

CAP. XXI.

Art 461 for licenfing and regulating lottery office keepers.

Mojl gracious Sovereign*

WE your Majefty’s moll dutiful and loyal fubjeCts, the preamble.

commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, think it will be for the advantage of the publick, and that it will prevent many fraudulent practices ufed by perfons dealing in lottery tickets, and in (hares and chances of lottery tickets, to grant unto your Majefty the duty upon licences, and to efta-blifti the feveral regulations herein-after mentionedj and therefore do mod humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted? and be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent ma-. jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after After April tbe fifth day of April% one thou&nd feven hundred and feventy- 5* 1779* no '	’	nine,	prrfontokeep

Digitized by booQle

alottery-office without a licence.

Each licence tocoft 50I.J

and (hall be granted under the hands and feals of two managers.*

Licence to fct forth the . name ot the perfon taking out the fame, Arc. and to continue in force for one year.

Perfon lreep-ing any office contrary to this a&, to forfeit tool.

Produceof the duty on licences to be

Ahtio'decimo nono Georgii Ml. c. 31. f 1779.

nine, no perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall, publickly or privately, fetup, exercife, keep, or open, by himfelf, or any other perfon or perfons, any office or place for buying, felling, in-luring, regiftering, giving, or other wife dealing in, any tickets or chances, or parts thereof, or on the number or numbers of any ticket or tickets in any lottery whatfoever, or fhall, by writing or printing, publish the fetting up or ufiag any'fuch office or place, without firft taking out a licence for that purpofe, in manner here-afrer mentioned, before he, (he, or they, (hall fo fct up, keep open, or publifh,any fuch office or place as aforesaid.

iI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Thar, from and after the fa d fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, for every licence to be taken out by any perfon or perfons, for every fuch office or place ufed for dealing in or concerning lottery tickets, as aforefaid, there (hall be paid unto his Majefty, hi9 heirs and fucceffors, (over and above all other duties, to which the perfon or perfons taking out the fame may be refpedHvely liable, as brokers, or otherwife) the fum of fifty pounds, immediately upon taking out fuch licence; and every fuch licence (hall be granted under the hands and feals of two or more of the managers and diretfors of the lottery for the time being, and the duty :or the fame fhall be'paid at their office in London, or at fuch other place, apd to fuch perfon or perfons, as the faid managers and dire&ors (hall appoint to deliver out fuch licences refpedtivelv, and to receive the faid duties; and they are hereby refpedtively authorised and required to grant and deliver fuch licences to all perfons applying for the fame, upo# their payment of fifty pounds for each licence as aforefaid.

III.	And it is hereby further ena<fted by the authority aforefaid, That every fuch licence fhall fet forth the true name and place of abode of the perfon or perfons taking out the fame; and alfo the place where fuch bufinefs or dealing (hall be carried on; and fuch licence (hall continue in force for twelve calendar months from the date thereof, and no longer; and every perfon a6ting or dealing in any of the matters therein contained, after the expirarion of fuch licence, without firft taking out fuch licence, and renewing the fame yearly, in manner aforefaid, (hall rcfpe^ively forfeit, for each offence, the fum of one hundred pounds; to be recovered and diftributed in manner hereafter mentioned.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, TbSt every perfon who, after the faid fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, (hall pubJilh, open, fet up, or keep, any fuch office or place, under any the denominations aforefaid, or any like denominations, contrary to the intent and meaning of this prefent a<5t, (hall forfeit, for every (uch offence, the fum of one hundred pounds.

V.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all the monies to arife by the duty hereby granted for licences a*

aforefaid.

Digitized

Google

1779-3 Anno deeimo, nono Georoii HI. c. 21.

aforefaid, fhal! be applied towards defraying the exf>enees at* tending the commiflion to be made forth for managing, directing, and drawing, the lottery eftablifhed by an a#, made in this feftion of parliament, (intituled, An aft for raiftng a certain fum of moiuy by way of annuities, and for ejiablijhing a lottery J in fuch manner as the cornmillioners or the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer fur the time being, fhall direCt, authorife, and approve.

VI.	And whereas the dividing of chances or tickets in a lot~ tery into very jjnall Jharesy has bun found mijehievous, be it further enadted by the authority aforelaid, That no perion or perfons, fo licenced as aforefaid, (hall fell any (hare or (hares of any ticket or tickets in the faitl lottery, or of the chance or chances of any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, in any fmaller (hare or proportion than one-fixteenth part or (hare only, or lhall publifh any propofals for felling any (hare or (hares of any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, or of any chance of any ticket or tickets in the fame, in any fmaller (hare or proportion tlnn one-fixteenth part or (hare, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adi; every perfon who (hall offend in any of the faid matters, (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and difiributed in manner hereafter mentioned; and every fuch falc or contract, and every agreement relating thereto, (hall be, and is hereby declared njull and void.

VII.	And be it further enaCled by the authority aforefaid. That no perfon or perfons (hall, under the denomination of Idle of any goods, wares, or merchandifes, or with or without confideration, or under any pretence, or in any manner what-foever, protnife or agree to pay any fum or fums of money, upon any chance or event whatsoever relating to the drawing of any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, or (hall publifh any propofals for any fuch purpofes as aforefaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a#; and every perfon and perfons who (hall offend in any of the faid matters, (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of fifry pounds; to be recovered and diflributed in the manner hereafter mentioned ; and every fuch promife or contra#, and every agreement relating thereto, fhall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

VIII.	Provided always, and is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no fuch office or place kept for any of the faid purpofes, fo licenfed as aforefaid, fhall be open for any of the faid purpofes, or for the tranfadlion of any bufi-nefs relating to the laid lottery, before the hour of eight of the clock in the morning, nor after the hour of eight of the clock in the evening, (except on the evening of the Saturday preceding the drawing of the faid lottery-;) and that the faid limitation or reftriction in point of time (hall be inferted in, and made a condition of, every fuch licence; and in cafe of any breach of the faid condition, fuclv licence (hall be forfeited, and (hall and

,	may

* r9

applied towards defraying the ex-pences of the lottery.

No perfon to fell any Ihare of a ticket le.'s than a iijuecncD,

on penalty of 50I.

Penalty on

pe» fons pro-mihng to pay any money upon any chance relating to the drawing of the lottery, contrary to thu a#.

No bufinefc to be trania&ed at any lottery-office before eight in the morning nor after eight in (lie evening.

Exception.

220

vid them in penalties, &c.

Anno decimo nono Georgii Ilf. c. rr. '£1779. may be revoked by any two or pa ore of the faid managers iuid diredors; and (over and befides all other penalties td which Aich perfon or perfbns may be liable) fpch licehc^ (halt not be renewed, nor (hall any new licence *be granted to, or for'the benefit of, the fame fame perfon or perfons, dltedly or indireift-ly, for keeping any filch office or place fdr of the ^ufpdfes aforefaid'	'r

Two juftices	IX. And whereas many perfons have offered ig*it»$ for-

mayfummoa mer ads made for eftablilhing lotteries, in fach mariner thai offen^rs they could not be profecuted to cor.vrdibn, by adirtn of debt, alT&c*and plaint, or information, in the regular coifrfe of law, witlf-on proof of the in the period of drawing a lottery, and having made $hdr pro^ offence, con- fit thereof, have eafily avoided the penalties incurred for fticfr offences by fuddenly removing themfelves; be it therefore evaded by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid fifth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, for the county, city, town, of place, where any offences (hall be committed againft this ad, or the; faid ad made in this feffion of parliament, upon infdt-mation or complaint made to them upon oath (which oath they are hereby authorifed to admihifter) againft any perfon or • ions offending againft this ad, or the faid ad, to fummon the party offending, and, upon full and fufficient proof being produced, to convid the perfon or perfons fo offending againft this or the faid ad, in the penal fum or fums to be forfeited and paid by fuch offender or offenders as aforefaid; and the pek*-Ion or perfons fo convided (hall, immediately after fuch ccta-vidion, pay fuch penalty to fuch juftices of the peace as afore-laid ; one moiety whereof (hall be for the ufe and benefit of fuch perfon or perfons as (hall firft inform and profecute for the fame, and the other moiety to be applied to the fame ufes and purposes as the monies arifing by the duty on licences granted by this ad are direded to be applied: and, upon the negled or are notimme- rcfufal of fuch offender or offenders to pay fuch penalty or pe-Se* mav be na*^c* *n manner aforefaid, the faid juftices, before whom fuch by dif- offender or offenders (hall be convided, are hereby authorized and required to grant a warrant of diftrefs^ to levy fuch penalty or penalties of the goods and chattels of fuch offender or offen-" ders; and in cafe no fufficient diftrefs (hall be found, then 16 commit fuch offender or offenders to the common gaol for fuch county, city, or place, there to remain for any time npl exceeding three months, or until the money fo forfeited ft&flh be fully paid and fatisfied.

X. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, ‘ That if any perfon or perfons whatsoever (hall forge or coun- • terfeit any licence or licences, to be made forth by virtue of this ad for thepurpofes aforefaid, fuch perlon or perfons (hall forfeit the fom of five hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him that (hall profecute or foe for the fame; to be recovered by

adion

If penalties

treft.

On failure of diftrefs, offender to be committed.

Any perfon forging a licence, (hail f orfeit cool. See.

Digitized by

Google

321

1779*] A|mp deamo boooGsqkgh i&rrffaftt.

aAion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in* spy/of bb Mav jefty’s courts of record at tytftminfter, in which, no cjlbia, (*»► teuton, wager 6f law, or more ihanone jjniiwrUnoe, fbaiLbe allowed; and (ball be fubjed to fucb other penal tie*, ajbmaybe infliAed on perrons for forgery.	• :>i

XI.	And, the more effectually to prevent abides in-the fellr Commiffioo.

ing of lottery tickets in (bares or chances, be it enaltcd by the «* of the authority aforefaid, That any three or more of the conamigion-	to

ers of the treafury, or the high treafurer, for the time being, office'in *Lott-fhall and may, on or before the fifth day Qf April, one t houtand don, and to ap. (even hundred and fcventv-nine, inftitute and eftablilh, and point a perTon are and is hereby authorifed and required to inftitute and cftab*	tb*

lUh, an office, within the city of London, for the purpofcs-here- 0f n *1 ere* in-after meotioned; and that any three or more of the (aid conv-miffioners, or the faid high treafurer for the time being, dull	‘

appoint, and are and is hereby authorifed and required to appoint Come one or more fit and proper perfon or pcr/ons to officiate in, and to conduit the bufinefs of, the faid office, taking

fuch fecurity for the full and true performance of his or their duty therein, as to any three or more of the faid commiffioners, or to the faid high treafurer for the time being, (hall Teem requifitc and neccffary; and that each and every ticket in the w;th whom all (aid lottery, before it (hall be divided into or (old in (hares tickets, be. or chances, (hall be brought to the faid office, and (haU be tj’f)'are there depofited and left with the (aid officer or officers (o to be fljaree ihall appointed as aforefaid, who is or are hereby authorifed . to receive be dtpofited. the fame.	.	.	j

XII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid^ All (hares to That the faid officer or officers fo to be appointed as afoedaid, be damped by or his or their deputy or deputies, (hall, and is and ar* hereby.th* officer, authorifed and required to (lamp and mark each, and .every

(hare or chance of each and every fuch ticket in the faid lottery, fo depofited as aforefaid, with Come flourilh or device-engraved, thereon j and that the faid officer or officers.fo.tp;be appointed who (hsH rive as aforefaid, or his or their deputy or deputie8,-upoij.the receipt * receipt for of every fuch ticket, or any number of tickets, in the (bid. Jot- jmoSwdsrith tcry, for the purpofe aforefaid, (hall give a receipt or receipts, ta the holder or proprietor, at whole office, fuch ticket or tickets in or (hall be (hared or divided, in writing for the fame, in the form following; (that is to fay,)	...

Received/A/	..Form©f«-.

on*	thoufand feven hundred and feVenty-nitte, */ •.. .ceipt.

a ticket in the pnftnt lottery, number	which is

divided into	fares	or	choices	-,	purfuent	to	au	a3	of

parliament, made in th* nineteenth year ef the reign of King George the	third,intituled. An alt for licenfiag and regulating lottery*

office keepers; which faid titktt now remain) in in purfuanteof the fad aft.

XIII.	And be lt further ana&ed by.the authority, aforefaid,

‘ *	That

Digitized by v^ooQle

222

Alt tickets depofited in the office, to remain there three days after drawing.

*The numbers of all tickets depoiited in the office to be entered in a book, witn the names of the owners and the number of (hares into which they are divided.

ad. for each ilia• e to be paid to the officer on de-potitifig tickers in the office i

who (halt therewith pay all expenses incident to the office.

Penalty on felling any (hare of a ticket without a /lamp.

Anno decimo nono Gbo*gh III. c. 21.

That each and every fuch ticket in the faid lottery as (hall be fo depofited in the faid office, and (hall be divided into (hares or chances purfuant to this ad, (hall remain and continue in the cuftody and pofleffion of the faid officer or officers, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, until the expiration of three days next after the drawing of fuch ticket in the faid lottery; and that on the expiration of three days next after the drawing of fuch ticket in the faid lottery, fuch ticket (hall be returned to the owner or owners thereof, his, her, or their agent or agents, affignee or affigns, upon producing the faid officer’s faid receipt for the fame.

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid* That a book or books (hall be kept by the faid officer or officers fo to be appointed as aforefaid, who (hall truly and fairly enter and regifter in fuch book 6t books, the number of each and every (uch ticket in the faid lottery, which (hall be fo as afore*» faid depofited in the faid office for the purpofe aforefaid, together with the name and names of all and every fuch perfon or perfons who (hall fo leave and depofit the fame, for the purpofe aforefaid, and alfo the number of (hares or chances into which each and every fuch ticket in the faid lottery fhall be fo divided as aforefaid; which book or books any perfon or perfons whgm-foever (hall and may, from time to time, and at all feafonable times, refort to and infpedt, on payment of the fum of twopence, of lawful money of Great Britain, to the faid officer or officers fo to be appointed as aforefaid.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That, upon the leaving and depbfiting of any ticket in the faid lottery at or in the faid office, with the faid officer or officers fo to be appointed as aforefaid, for the purpofe aforefaid, the perfon or perfons who (hall fo leave and depofit the fame (hall pay to the faid officer or officers fo to be appointed as aforefaid, for each and every (hare or chance, into which each and ev,ery fuch ticket in the faid lottery (hall be divided by the faid officer or officers fo to be appointed as aforefaid, the fum of two-pence of lawful money of Great Britain \ and that with the monies arifing from luch fee to be paid as aforefaid, the faid officer or officers fo to be appointed as aforefaid, (hall bear and pay all fuch incident charges and expences as (hall or may attend the receipt, entry, and taking care of all fuch rickets in the faid lottery, as (hall be brought to and depofited in the faid office as aforefaid, for the purpofe aforefaid, and all (»:her expences attendant on the faid office.

XVI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons whomsoever (hall, at anytime or times hereafter, fell or expofe to fale any (hare or ohance of any ticket in the faid lottery, without fuch (hare or chance (hall have been firft damped and marked by the faid officer or officers, purfuant to this adt; that then, and in fuch cafe, all and every fuch perfon and perfons fo offending, upon being convi&ed thereof before any one juftice of the peace for any county,

riding, #

Digitized by

Google

22$

I779*) Anpo detimo nono Georgii III. c.21.

priding, or divifion, or before the mayor, or other juftice or ju-ftices, of the peace, for any city or town corporate, upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, (which faid oaths the faid juftices of the peace and mayor are hereby authorized, impowered, and required to admimftcr,) or upon the view of fuch juftice, or juftices, or the mayor, juftice or juftices, for any city or town corporate, or on the confeftion of the party or parties accufed, fhall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds for each and every (hare or chance fo fold or expof-ed to fale, as aforefaid; to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of fuch

county, riding, divifion, city, or town, where the offence (hall be committed ; which faid forfeitures, when recovered, after deducing the reafonable charges of fuch profecution, (hall go and be applied, one-third thereof to the informer, and the remaining two-thirds, to the ufeof the poor of the parifh where fuch offence (hall be committed.

XVI. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall prefume to forge or counterfeit, or tp caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or fhall willingly adl or affift in the forging or counterfeiting of any receipt or receipts for, or any (hare or (hares, chance or chances of any ticket or tickets, figned, divided, made, and delivered out, by virtue of this adl or alter any number, figure, word, or (lamp, therein or thereon, or utter, vend, barter, or difpofe of, any fuch forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts for any (hare or (hares, chance or chances, of any picket or tickets; or (ball bring any fuch forged or counterfeit receipt or receipts, or any (hare or (hares, chance or chances, the ftamp whereof, or any figure or word therein, (hall have been altered, (knowing the fame to be fuch,) to any perfon or

gerfons whomfoever with a fraudulent intention, or (hall wil-ngly aid, abet, afiift, hire, or command, any perfon or perfons to commit any fuch offence as aforefaid, then, and in every fuch cafe, all and every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof convidted in due form of Law, (hall forfeit and incur the fame penalty, to be recovered in the fame manner, and fuffer the fame puniftunent, as is herein-before iri-flidltd and declared in refpe& to the forging or counterfeiting of a licence, in this adt before mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (halL be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this adt, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the .general iffue, and give .this a<S, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, in.his, her, or their defence or defences\x and if afterwards a verdidt (hall pafs for the defendant pr defendants, or the jpjaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difeontinue his, her, or their adtion or profecution,.pr be nonfuited, or judgement (hall &e given againA bjm, her, pr them, upon demurrer, or otherwife $ then fuch de-; Vol. XXXIL.........................Q,	,	fendant

Application

theieot.

Penalty on

forging or altering receipt*, cr ut-te»ing the fame with a fraudulent in* teation.

General iffue.

Treble softs.

Digitized by v^ooQle

224

Preamble.

Such part of an a& 8 Geo. *1* for encouraging the importation of , naval (lores, &c. as relates to timber and lumber,

further con* tinued till Sept. *9,1785, 4c.

The above-

mentioned goods to be entered in the cudomboufe at the place 0

importation,

4c.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C. 22.	[1779.

fendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft any fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXII.

An aft to continue feveral laws relating to the giving further encouragement for the importation of naval Jlores from the Britifh colonics in America, to the landing of rum or fpirits of the Britifh Sugar plantations before payment of the duties of excife; to the difcontinuing the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs lardy and greafe ; to the regulating the fees of officers of the cujloms and naval officers in America ; to the allowing the expert tation of certain quantities of wheats and other articles, to bis Majefly's fugar colonies in America; and to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum Jbipptd as /lores‘ to be confumed on board merenant Jhips on their voyages.

\\f H E R E A S the lawi herein-afttr mentioned have by expe-V V rience been found ufeful and beneficialy and are near expiring ; may it therefore pleafe your Majejly that it may be enafted: and bo it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majeffy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo much of an ad, made in the eighth year of the reign of King George the Firft, intituled. An aft for giving further encouragement for the importation of naval Jlores^ and Jor other purpofes therein mentionedy as relates to the importation of wood and timber, and of the goods commonly called lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of his Majefty’s Britifh plantations or colonies in Americay free from all cuftoms and impofitions whatfoever, which was to be in force for twenty-one years from the twenty-fourth day of Junet one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-two; and which by feveral fubfequent ads, made in the fixteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-firft years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the fourth and twelfth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next Teflion of parliament, (hall be and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth day of Sep-tembery one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

II.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That a due entry of fuch goods (hall be firft made in the cuftom-houfe belonging to the port where the fame (hall be imported, in the fame manner and form, expreff*

' ing the quantities and qualities of the refpedive goods, as was ufed and pradifed before the making of the bid rerited aft ; and the faid goods (hall be landed in the prefence of the proper officer appointed for that purpofe, other wife fuch goods (hall be liable to the payment of the like duties as would be due and payable for the fame* at the times of the importation thereof, If the faid recited ad had not been made \ and it (hall and may

be

Digitized by

1779 ] Anno dtcimonono GeorOU III. Q.ii.

be lawful for any officer of the cuftoms to (lop fuch goods* amf' fecure the fame in his Majefty’* warehoufe till fuch duties are , accordingly paid; and if the fame Shall not be paid within fat months after the faid goods are brought to fuch warehoufe, they (hall and may be fold, and the produce thereof applied in the fame manner as other goods, which are brought to his M^jefty’s ftorehoufes for fecurity of the duties, may, by the laws now in force, be fold and difpofed of, any thing in the faid recited ad,, or any other ad, to the contrary notwithftanding,

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Par* of *n «£! That fo much of an ad, made in the fifteenth and fixteenth years »5&l6Gc°*« of the reign of his fete majefty King George the Second, intitled,

An aft to impower the importers or proprietors of rum or fpirits of the ruin> &c. be-Britishfugar plantations, to land the fame before payment of the duties, fore payment of exci/e charged thereon, and to lodge the fame in warehoufes at their °£ the duties own expence; and for the relief of Ralph Barrow, in rtfpeft to the ° exc“e* duty on. fame rock Jalt, loft by the overflowing of the rivers Weaver end Dane; as relates to the landing of rum or fpirits of the Briti/h fugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excife, and to the lodging of the fame in warehoufes, at the expenee of the importers or proprietors thereof, which was to continue „ in force from the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty-two, to the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the end cf the then next feffion of parliament, and which, by feveral fubfequent adks of the twenty-third and thirty* fir (I years of the reign of his faid late Majefty, and the fourth and eleventh years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight, and from ihence to the end of the then next kBion of parliament, (hall be, and further cootfe the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, nucd ®ep« until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven 19,17 hundred and eighty, five, and from thence to the end of the then next feifion of parliament.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, ^	^

1 hat an ad, made in the fevehth year of theieign of his prefent relating to the Majefty, intituled, An aft to dijcontinue, for a limited time, the duties on im-duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and greafe,

which was to be in force for three years, from the twenty-fifth a

day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-feven, and

from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament;

and which, by feverai fubfequent adks, of the tenth, thirteenth,

and fixteenth years, of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was

further continued until the twenty-fifth day of March, one

thoufand feven hundred afcd feventy-nine, (hall be, 3nd the further Ootid*

fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, m

until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred ,7*i. ***

and eighty-twof

V.	And be it further, enaded by the authority aforefaid, That go much of »a to much of an ad, made in the tenth year of the reign of his ad so Geo. j.

Q»a	prefent

226	AnnCJ	decimo nono Georgii 111. C. 12.	[15779.

a* relates to prefent Majefty, as relates to the regulating the fees of the regulating the 0fljccrs 0f the cuftoms in America and for extending the fame to houieofficcrf1 navs|l officers there, tfchich was to be in force from the firft in America, day of Auguff, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy, for the &c.	term of two years, and from thence to the end of the then

next feffion of parliament; and which was by two a&s, made in the twelfth and fourteenth years of the reign of his prefenc Majefty, further continued until the firft day of Auguf> one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and from thence to farther conti- the end of the then next feffion of parliament, (hall be, and the nued till Aug. fame hercby further continued, from the expiration thereof, 1,17 x* c’ until the firft day of Auguji, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

So much of VI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, cap^i7 as re- ^at muc^ of an a6l, made in the fixteenth year of the reign lares to the of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for allowing tke export-exportation of ation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles^ to his Majejlfs wheat. See. to fugar colonies in America, and to the ifiand of Saint Helena, and lonies18*1 C°" t0 the other fetdements belonging to the united company of merchants of England, trading to ffo-Eaft Indies; and of bifeuit andpeafe to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all perfons'\vith refpeft to advifing or carrying into .	•	execution his Majejly's orders of council already made for alkiving the

* exportation of wheats and other articles; as relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majefty’s fugar colonies in America, which was to continue in force urttil the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven; and which by two a<fts, made in the fcventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his %	prefent Majefty, was continued-until the firft day of May^ one

further conti- thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, (hall be, and the nued till May fame is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, *» I7*°*	* until the firft day of May% one thoufand feven hundred and

eighty.

Claufe for en- VII. For encouraging the exportation of rum and fpirits of couragirg the the growth, produce, and manufacture, of the Britijb fugar rum ^tcl^he P^antat»ons *n America, from this kingdom, as (lores tb be fent produce of the and coofumed on board in any voyage to parts beyond the Teas; j&ritiQi fugar be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That during the term plantations, to 0f two years from and after the paffing of this a£l, the fame on^ardvel* drawbacks and allowances which*are given by any former a<5l fcls in foreign or a&s of parliament now in force on the exportation of fuch parts. • rum to parts beyond the Teas, as merchandize, (hall be allowed and paid to the merchant or merchants, on his, her, or their (hipping any fuch rum as (lores to be (pent and confumed on board in any voyage to parts beyond the fe#s; and when any merchant or merchants (hall be defirous of (hipping any fuch rum as (lores, as aforefaid, and (hall give five days notice thereof to the refpedfcive cotnmiffioners of excife, for the time being, or to fuch k -	other perftMi or-perfons as^they (haU^ froBi time to time, ap-

i •* .V	point

Digitized by L,ooQle

1779-1 Anno dccirnojiomrGEoROii III. c.23.	227

point for that purpole, mentioning in fuch notice the exa& deftination of the intended voyage, the tonnage of the (hip or veflel, and the number of the mariners intended to be employed in navigating the fame, and alfo the number of his Msjefty’s troops that may hereafter be embarked in the fame; it (hall and ' may be lawful to* and for the faid commiffioners of excifc, or the perfon or perfons fo to be appointed by them as aforefaid, to afeertain the quantity of fuch rum which (hall be (hipped on board fuch (hip or veflel as (lores, and for which fuch drawback and - allowance (hall be paid and made; and alfo the flze and marks of the ca(k or calks in which fuch fpirits (hall be fo (hipped ; and on oath being made, before one or more of the faid commiflioners of excife, or juftices of the peace for the county or place from whence any fuch rum is intended to be exported, or before fuch other perfon or perfons as (hall be au-thonfed as aforefaid by the faid commiflioners of excife for that purpo/e, that the fame are to be (hipped as (lores, to be fpent and confumcd in the voyage, the merchant or merchants (hipping the fame (hall be paid the fame drawbacks, and have the fame allowances for rum fo (hipped, as if fuch rum had been exported as merchandize; provided always, That neither the faid Drawback not draw-back or allowance, or any other drawback or allowance, to be allowed (hall be made or paid for any quantity of fuch rum which (hall be exTOrte^in a exported" or (hipped for (lores as aforefaid, in any calk which calk contain-(hall contain lefs than one hundred gallons ; nor (halj any fuch »ng than drawback or allowance whatfoever be made or paid for any 100gallon* quantity of rum which (hall be fo exported or (hipped for (lores clc" as aforefaid, on board of any veflel or veflels of lefs burthen than one hundred tons; but that all fuch rum (hall be exported and (hipped, in all refpelis not otherwife direded by this prefent ad, under the fame rules, regulations, and penalties, as are pre-feribed by any former ad or ads of parliament now in force, relating to the exportation of fpirits, drawn or made in Great Britain, as (lores to be fpent and confumed aboard in any voyage to parts beyond the Teas.

CAP. XXIII.

An ad more e&dually to enable the prefident and governors of the hofpital or infirmary at Bath, efUbliftied by an ad, palled in the twelfth year of the reign of hit late majefty King George the Second, intituled An a3 for tfiabli/bing and well-governing an bojpital or infirmary in tbe city of Bath, to take or acquire, and hold, any lands, tenements, or here-ditaments, or any intereft in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and any money or perfonal property, to be laid out in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, purfuant to any will, or otherwifc, to the amount limited in the faid ad.

Preamble. Recital of ad i» Geo. %. The governors of the hofpital were incorporated. Yearly income of the hofpital about 560J. d. Devices, See. deemed valid, although not made conformable to ftatute of mortmain. Hofpital eftatc not to exceed the fum limited by former ad.

General laving. Publick ad.

0.3	C	A	P-

Digitized by v^ooQle

1

Anno dcrimo nono OsoXGSI til C. 14,^5. [1779

«S

CAP. XXIV.

An aft for charging the land* within the north !t*tl, pprt of the great level of the tens called Bedford Level, and divert lands adjoining thereto* in the manor of Crowland, with further taxes, for a limited time, for difenarging the debts incurred by the commiffionert under an aft of the twenty-(eventh year of King George the Second} and for the better fuppertiog and preferving the drainage of the faid land*.

Preamble, Recital of afts 15 Car. a, and 17 Geo. a. By the laft mentioned aft, the north level and Portland, were divided into five di ft rifts 5 and commiflioners appointed, who were impowered to lay taxea not exceeding 1 s. per acre for the firft four years, and 6 d. per acre afterwards a and to borrow 14,000/. That fum boirowed> and applied purfuant to that aft, and to another aft of 13 Geo. 3. Aft 19 Geo, impowered the corporation to borrow 5.000/. more. Recital of aft 11 Gto. 3. The 5,000/. borrowed and expended, and other debts contrafted. The lands in the north level charged with a further tax of 6d. per acre, and Portfand.

3	d. per acre, payable to the corporation. The taxes, and money borrowed thereon, to be applied to the corporation works belonging to the jiorth level. The corporation impowared tg borrow the further fum of so,000/.; which was borrowed accordingly. The revenues, after keeping /down the intereft of the debts, are in fufficientto fupport the works; which* without further aid, will foon be in danger of breaking. The lands in the north level charged with a further tax of rj. per acre, a nd; Portfand with f>d. per acre, for nine years, payable to the coramifSoaert* New taxes to be applied with former taxes; viz. to keep down theintereft. of the debt pf 14,000/. and in the gradual di/charge of that debt; and to the fupport of the works. The lands in the north level charged with a further tax of

4	d. and Portfand t>f a d. ptr acre, for the like term of nine years, payable to the corporation t to be applied to the works of the corporation belonging to the faid north level. Quantities of the lands how to be uken. Accounts to be delivered in of the names of tenants, and quantities of )ands. How to proceed when owners negleft to deliver in accounts, or ft all deliver fofpicious accounts. Taxes to be paid by the occupiers. Tenants at rack tent to dedoft the fame opt of their rents : hut not lriTees holding beneficial leafes. Power of diftrds, for recovery of tho-taxes. If arrears, etc. are not paid* or goods replevied, within five days, thev may be fold. Unoccupied l*nds to remain a fecurity. Limitation of aftions. General iftiic. Double cofis. General faving. Publick aft;

C A P. XXV.

Preamble.

An cfl fa granting to bis Majefly additional duties upon the produce of the feveral duties under the management of the refpeflive. commifftoners of the cujioms and excife in Great Britain.

Moji gracious Sovereign,

Wp, your Majefly's mofl dutiful and loyal fuljtGs, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament ajjembitd, towards raifing, by the mo/i eafy means, the neeeffary /applies to defray your Majfly's publick expenses, have freely and voluntarily rtfohed to give and grant unto your Majefly the feveral fubfidies and duties berein-after mentioned•, and do moji humbly befeecb your Majefly that it may be entitled*, and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent

parliament

Digitized by L^OOQle

*779-3 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 25.	229

parliament aflembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That From AP”J1 Sp from and after the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven	"

hundred and feventy-nine, there (hall be raifed, levied, col- after the rate lefted, and paid, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs oi $ per cent. and fucceffors, an additional impoft or duty, after the rate of of f.bc *°r™cr five pounds per centum upon the produce and amount of all the	jmtn

feveral fubfidies, imports, and other duties, of what kind or porfc<j int™' nature foever they may be, which arc now due and payable to exported From, his Majefty, and are collected in this kinyiom under the ma- or carried nagement and direftion of the refpeftive commirtioners of the Q^catBritain curtoms in Great Britain, for and upon any goods and mer- e n chandizes imported into, or exported from, or carried coaft-wife in, Great Britain; which (aid additional import or duty fhall be charged and paid upon the amount of the faid former fubfidies, imports, and other duties, after the ufual difcounts and other allowances have been made and deducted therefrom, and (hall be wholly repaid and drawn back upon exportation of the goods, under the fame rules, regulations, fecurities, penalties, and forfeitures, and in the feme manner and form in all refpefts, as the prefent duties of curtoms are now charged, collefted, paid, and drawn back, except as herein-after is provided.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the ^nzcch®°^/ authority aforcfaid. That the faid impoft or duty herein-before notVable x granted, fhall not be charged and paid for or on account of to the afore* any prize goods warehoufed in this kingdom purfuant to two faid duty, feveral afts of parliament, the one made in the eighteenth year

of his Majefty’s reign, and the other in this prefent feflion, for granting relief to the captors of prizes with refpeft to bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom ; nor for any other goods which by any aft of parliament now in force are permitted to be warehoufed in this kingdom for exportation, unlefs, and until, fuch goods (hall be taken out of any warehouse wherein they are fo Secured, to be confumed or ufed in this kingdom *, and that the faid additional import or duty (hall not be drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of any goods, in any cafe where no drawback is allowed by law.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, An additional That, from and after the faid fifth day of /fpr;7, one thoufand ciiwWe goods feven hundred and feventy-nine, there (hall be charged, levied, (excepta»after collefted, and paid, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs excepted), and fuccefiors, an additional duty or charge of five pounds per a,ler the rite/ centum, upon the produce and amount of all the feveral inland ^rmer^ duties, rates, impofitions, and charges, (except as herein- duties.

after is excepted) now payable to his Majefty, and which are charged and collefted under the management of the refpeftive commiffioners of excife in England and Scotland \ which faid additional duty or charge of five pounds per centum hereby im-pofed) (hall and may, from time to time, be charged, raifed, received, levied, recovered, and Secured, by fuch ways and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch

Q.4	power

23°

This aft not to affcft the duties granted by-the malt aft of this leflion, nor thofe on beer, foap, tallow candies, and hides, made, &c. in Lvreat Briuiiq.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 25:	[1779*

power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures* and fubjeft to fuch allowances, drawbacks, rules, and direcSti— ons, as the feveral and refpedtive inland duties, rates, impo-fitions, and charges, on the produce and amount of which tht faid additional duty and charge is hereby impofed, are or can* by any ftatute now in force, be refpeftively charged raifed, received, levied, collected, recovered, fecured, mitigated, or drawn back, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and fvery the feveral refpedlive powers authorities, directions, rules, regulations, methods, penalties, forfeitures, powers of mitigation, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this prefent act.

IV.	Provided always, and it b herdby enacted by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this act contained (hall extend* or be conftrued to extend, to charge, with the faid additional duty or charge of five pounds per centum, the produce or amount of the duty on malt, mum, cyder, or perry, continued and granted to his Majefty in and by an aGt made in this prefent leffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for continuing and granting to bis Myefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one t b oufart dfeven buhdrei and feventy-f ine; nor upon the produce or amount of the duties arifing from and payable for any beer, fope, tallow candles, or hides, brewed, made, tanned, tawed, or drefled, within Great Britain; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary norwithfiandine.

An additional V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, duty on malt That from and after the faid fifth day of April, one thoufand of \in:r kvcn hundred and feventy-nine, there (hall be charged, raifed, pavable there- lev>e(U collected, and paid, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, on by an aft his heirs and fuccefiors, an additional rate, duty, and impofi-of 33 <pco. ». tion, of fifteen pounds per centum upon the produce or amount of the duty payable on malt, by an a& made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the {Second, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majefty feveral duties upon malt; and for raffing the fum of eight millions by way of annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the faid duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of allowances in the gauging of cor 4 making into malt; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, lofty burnt, or other wife defiroyed.

TV fud rnty VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, to be raifrd. That the additional rate, duty, and impofition, of fifteen aeVeeaVkm Poun^s Per tentum hereby granted, fhall be afeertained, fecured, the Hi regions raifed, collected, levied, recovered, and paid, in fuel) and the contained in like form and manner, and under fuch management, and by the ma t aft the fame Ways, means, and methods, and with fuch and the pt this lemon. jjj^e allowances and repayments, and power of making compos fitions, proportionally and according to fuch rules, regulations, and directions, and under fuch penalties, forfeitures, and fines,

.	*	'	witty

Digitized by L^ooQie

j77$*1 Anno dccimo riono'GEORGii III. C.25.	231

with fuch power of recovery and mitigation thereof, and other powers, as are prefcribed, mentioned, or expreffed, for or concerning the afcertaining, compounding, fecuring, managing, railing, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, and repaying, the feveral and refpeCtive duties upon malt within Great Britain, which were continued and granted to his Majerty, in and by the faid above-recited aCt, made in this prefent fefTion of parliament, or as are contained in any other aCt or aCts of parliament in and by the faid aCt, made in this prefent feflion, mentioned or referred unto, or any of them ; and that all and every article, rule, claufe, matter, and thing, in them, any or either of them, contained or thereby referred unto, ihall be in full force and effect, and be duly obferved, praCtifed, and put in execution, for charging, afcertaining, compounding, fecuring, managing, railing, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, and repaying, the faid additional rate, duty, and impofition, of fifteen pounds per centum hereby' granted, and for levying, recovering, and mitigating, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, and for doing all other matters and things, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were fpecially repeated and re-enaCted in the body of this prefent aCh

VII.	And it is hereby enaCted by the authority aforefaid, New duties That the faid additional imports and duties by this aCt granted,10 **

Xhall, from time tp time, be paid into the hands of the receiv-	*

er-general of the cuftoms, and to the calhier of the excife in H

England,, refpeCtively, for the timeheing; and fuch receiver-

general and calhier refpeCtively dial] weekly, to wit, on Wed*

nefday in every week, if it be not an holiday, and if it be, then

on the next day after that is not an holiday, anfwer and pay all

the monies ariling by the faid additional imports and duties,

!the neceffary charges of raifing, collecting, and anfwering the ame, only excepted) into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, diftinCt and apart from all other monies which fuch receiver-general and calhier refpeCtively (hall receive for the ufe of his Majerty, his heirs and fucceffors, for the ufes and purpofes in this aCt mentioned.

VIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, to be kept fe-That therp Ihall be provided and kept, in the office of the au-	tr^n

ditor of the faid receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in	cr tt~

which all the monies ariftng from the laid feveral imports and duties, and paid into the laid receipt as aforefaid, Ihall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majerty, his heirs and fucceffors, upon any account vvhatloever; and the faid money fo paid into the faid receipt of and to heap, exchequer, as aforefaid, lhail, together with fuch other rates, P,icd in pay-duties, and revenues, as Ihall be granted by any aCt or acts of this feffioq of parliament for this purpofe, be a fund for the granted by payment of the feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges the lottery and expences as are directed to be paid and payable purfuant of this £0 an aCt of ttyis prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An oftrcflrion*

Digitized by

Preamble.

Aft 11 Geo. 3 recited,

and further

-continue u(^x cept as after excepted) foi feven years.

Part of a claufe in the faid aft repealed*

Anno decimo nono Ge6rgii HI. C. *6. [1779; -

for raifing a certain fum of money by way of annuities, and far

eflablijhing a lottery.

CAP. XXVI.

An aft to continue and amend an aft, made in the eleventh year of his prefent Majefly's reign, intituled, An aft for the encourage* mem of the white herring fifhery.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the eleventh year of tbe reign of bis prefent Maje/ly, (intituled, An aft for the ' encouragement of the white herring fifhery), it was enafted, for the better regulation of the faid trade, andfor preventing frauds and impoftions in the management thereof That from ana after tht twenty fecond day of Oftober, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one, a bounty of thirty Jhillings per ton Jhould be paid annual* ly, in manner as in the faid aft is provided for, to toe owner or owrters of all deekt vejjels from twenty to eighty tons burthen, that Jhould be fitted out and employed in the faid fifhery, in manner, and under the regulations mentioned in the faid aft* and that for the fpaco and term of feven years from and after the faid twenty fecond day of Oftober, one thoufand feven hundred and Jevenly-one, and to too end of the then next enfuing fejfton of parliament: and whereas tbi faid fifhery is of greatejl importance to the nation, by promoting ufeful indujlry, providing for great numbers of poor people, and frying as a mtrfery for ftamen ; but the fame cannot be carried on without the aid ofa bounty, and as a prolongation of the above-recited a ft (which expires at the end of this prefent feffion of parliament) wiu be of great advantage to the publick ; May it therefore pleafe your Ma-jefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, that - the faid aft, and all the powers, provifions, claufes, and pe-# parities, therein contained, (except as herein-afrer is excepted) r (hall, from and after the term therein mentioned, be, and the fame are hereby granted and continued for and during the further term of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and (hall, during fuch additional term, be in full forte, and be put in execution, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were again repeated and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

II.	And whereas great inconveniencies have arifen to the faid fijhery, and to the perfons employed therein, by reafon of part of a claufe in the faid aft which cnafts, that every bufs or vijjetfboll proceed refpeftively, manned, furnijhed, and accoutredV (as therein mentioned), either to Yarmouth in the county ^/'Norfolk, Whitehaven in the county of Cumberland, and Leith in the county of Edinburgh, Invernefe in the county of Invernefs, or to Brafley Sound in Shetland, Cambeltown or Oban in Argylefhire, or Kirkwall in Orkney, and be at the rendezvous of the faid fifhery there on or before the twenty fecond day of June, and /hall not/boot

or

Google

I779-] Anno declmo nono Georgii lit. c.27.

or wet their nets before the twenty fourth Jay of the faid month of / June* and Jhall continue fijbing to the twelfth day of October ; or Jhallproceed to Yarmouth in the county of Norfolk, Whitehaven in tbe county of Cumberland, Leith in the county of Edinburgh,

Invernefs in the county Invernefs, or to Braflcy Sound in Shetland, Campbeltown or Oban in Argylefhire, or Kirkwall in Orkney, and be at the rendezvous of the faid fijheries on or before firjl day of October, and Jhall continue fijbing until the eleventh day 0/ January followings unlefs they Jhall have fooner compleated their loading of fijo; be it therefore enafted9 That, from and after the pafling ot this prefent ad, jhat part of the faid daufe above-recited (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

III. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That whmt every fuch bufs or veifeS, (hall from and after the palling of places, and at this prefent ad, proceed rcfpedivcly, manned, fiirniihed, and what time, accoutred, in manner dir£ded by the beforerecited ad, either to Yarmouth in the county of Norfolk, Whitehaven in the county of Cumberland Leith y in the county of Edinburgh% Invernefs in the county of Invernefs, or to BraJfey Sound in Shetland, Campbeltown or Oban in Argylejhire% Kirkwall in Orkney, Stranrawer in the county of Wigton9 or to Stornoway in the ifland of Lewie and county of RoJ's9 and (hall be at the rendezvous of the faid fHhery th^e at any time between the firft day of Augujl and the firft day of Oftober9 in each year, and (hall continue (idling for the fpace of three months from the day of their refpedive departures from the faid places of rendezvous, unlefs they (hall have fooner compleated their loading of fi(h; any thing in the before-recited ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXVII.

An aft for further continuing and extending the proviftons of two afts; made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of bis late majefly King George the Second, and in the tenth year oj tbe reign of bie prefent Majejly, for granting a bounty on certain fpecies of Britijh and Irijh linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax y and for granting a bounty on the exportation of Britijh chequed and ftriped linens, and upon Britijh and Irijb diapers, huckabacks, (heeting, and other liner^ of above at certain breadth.

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the twenty-ninth year of	of in

the reign of his late majejly King George tbe Second, {inti- z %9 U<0* a* tuledi An ad for granting a bounty upon certain fpecies of Britijh and Irijb linens exported, and raking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax); it is enafteds Thatvthere (hall be given and paid, without any fee, reward, or dedudion whatfoever, a bounty for every yard of Britijh and Irijh linens, made of hemp or flax, and of the breadth of twenty-five inches, or more, under the value of five-pence per yard, the fum of one halfpenny \ arid of the value

Digitized by C^ooQle

234	Anno	decimo	nono	Georoii	III.	C.27.	[1779.

Jue of five-pence per yard, and under the value of fix-pence per yard, the fum of one penny ; and of the value of fixpence per yard, and not exceeding the value of eighteenpence per yard, the fum of one penny halfpenny; which, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, jn the year one thoufand feven hundred and fifty-fix, and within the term of fifteen years, to commence from the faid twenty-fourth day of June, or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next feflion of parliament, (hall be exported out of Great Britain, to Africa^ America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the illand of Minorca, or the Eaji Indies: and it was thereby further ena&ed, That, from and after the faid twenty-foyrth day of June, no fubfidy, cuf-tom, rate, duty, or other impofition whatsoever, (hould be demanded, colle&ed, received, or t^ken, upon any raw or brown linen yarn, made Qf flax, and known by the names of Dutch yarn, and French yarn, and of fpruce or Mufcovia yarn, or any other foreign raw or brown linen yarns, made of flax, which (hall be imported into this kingdom ; but that all fuch linen yarns fhall and may be imported duty-free for the fpace of fifteen years, froth the faid twenty-fourth day of June, or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next feflion of parliament, any former law, ftatyte, or a<$ or a<5ls of parlia-and jo Geo. 3. m*0** 10 the contrary not wi*h (landing : and whereas by another cap. 38. eft, made in the tenth year of the reign of his prefint Majefly (inti-tuled. An ail for continuing the bounties on Britijh and Irijh linens exported; for further difcontimiing the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax ; and for granting a bounty on the exportation of Britijh chequed and ilriped linens, and upon Britijh and Irijh diapers, huckabacks, iheeting, and other linen, of above a certain breadth); the faid firjl recited aft of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, was thereby continued until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next fejfion of parliament : and it was thereby further enafled. That there (hall be given and paid, without any fee, reward, or deduction, what-loever, a bounty for every yard of Britijh chequed or ftriped linen, of the breadth of twenty-five inches, or more, and not exceeding one (hilling and fixpence, and not under feven-pence, in value per <yard, the fum of one halfpenny; which, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-one, and within the term of feven years, to commence from the faid twenty-fourth day of June laft-mentioned, and from thence to continue to the end of the (hen next feflion of parliament immediately following the expiration of the faid additional term of feven years, (hall be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the illand of Minorca, or the Eaji Indies, in the fame manner and under the like provifions, conditions, and limitations, as the hereinbefore recited bounties were allowed by the faid a£l of the twenty-ninth year of his late Majefty, and continued under the faid

Digitized by

J779-3 Anfto decimo nono Georgii III. c. iy. , 2JS

syft of the tenth year of his prefent Majefty : and by the faid laft recited ad, it was further enaded, That for and upon every fquare yard of diapers, huckabacks, (heeting, and others fpecies of linen, upwards of one yard Englijh in breadth, though of no finer or better fabrick or quality than linen of an ordinary breadth, (which are intituled to the bounty by the faid fiift recited ad), being of the manufadure of Great Britain or Ireland, and not exceeding one (hilling and fixpence the fquare yard in value, a bounty of one penny halfpenny upon every fuch fquare yard, and fo in proportion for any quantity exceeding a fquare yard, (hall be allowed upon the exportation thereof, refpedively, for fuch time, and in fuch manner, and under and fubjeft to the like conditions, reftridions, and limitations, as are preferibed by the faid firft recited ad of the twenty-ninth year of his late Majefty’s reign, and continued by the faid ad of the tenth year of his prelent Majefty j and whereas the manufadure of linen would continue to be improved, and the exportation thereof to foreign parts be pre-ferved and increafed, if the bounties granted by the faid recited ads of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majefty, and tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, were continued, and the duties on the importation of foreign raw Jinen yarn, made of flax, taken off for a further term of years : May it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded ; And be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid two ads, made in ^Thetwo twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majefty, and in the^ted tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, lhall be, and the thercontinued fame are hereby further continued, under all the claufes, con- for 8 years, ditions, and limitations, contained in the faid two recited ads, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

II.	And whereat, by a clauje in the faid all of the twenty-ninth ftme year ofhhlatt Mfjefiyand alfi hj	tie tent* year of the on^e

reign of his prefent MajeJty, it is provided and enabled, Tlmt no exportation of linen of the manufacture of Ireland, to be exported from Great Irifli linens the Britain, Jhall be intituled to the bounty, unlefs fuch linen /ball be, at property of the time of fuch expor tation, the property of a perfon or perfons re-fiding in Great Britain, or in fome of his Maj'flys colonies or plan- oITthofe the rations in America : and whereas it is reafonable that the like benefit property of and advantage Jbould be allowed to the merchants of Ireland, as is perfons refid -by the faid ah allowed to perfons reftding in the American colonies ,BS in Amen-and plantations; be it therefore further enaded. That duringca* the continuance of this ad, all linen of the manufadure of Ire-land, to be exported from Great Britain, being at the time of exportation the property of a perfon or perfons refiding in Ireland, (hall be intituled to the faid bounty upon the like terms 'with linen* the property of perfons refiding in the American •

. v	colonies

Anno dcchno oono Georgii III. c. 28.	{*779*

colonies and plantations : any thing in the faid adls, or eit^pr of them, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft to permit* during the prefent bojiilities with France, certain goods enumerated in the aft of navigation to be imported in Britifh built Jhips fold to foreigners* and for releafing Jhips and goods which have been ffixed in pursuance of the faid aft.

WHEREAS by an a ft of parliament* made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled* Recital of the An ad for encouraging and encreafing of (hipping and naviga-navigation tion), it is* among other things* enafted* that no goods or comma-it ar. %.	^^ growti)^ production* or manufacture of Mufoovy, or of

any the countries* dominions* or territories, fo the great duke or emperor of Mufcovy or Ruffia belonging \ as alfo* that no forts of majls* timber* or board* no foreign fait* pitch* tar* rofm* hemp* or flax, raiftns* figs* prunes* olive oils* no fort of corn or grain* fu-gat* pot-a/hes* wines* vinegar* or fpirits called aqua vitae, or hrandy wine* Jball be imported into England, Ireland, Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any Jhip ar Jhips* vejfel or vejfels, whatfoever* but in fuch as do truly and without fraud belong to the people thereof , or fome of them* as the true owners and proprietors thereof* and whereof the matter* and three fourths of the mariners at leaflf are Englifh; ana that no currants nor commodities of the growth* produft* or manufacture* of any of the countries* iflands* dominions* or territories* to the Ottoman or Turkifh empire belonging* Jhall be imported into any of the forementioned places* in any Jhip or vejjel but which is of Englifh-fo/7/ and navigated as aforefaid* and in no other* except only fuch foreign Jhips and vejfels as are of the built of that country or place of which the faid goods are the growth* produft ion* or manufacture* refpeftively* ar of fuch port where the faid goods can only be* or moft ufually are* firft Jhipped for tranfportation* and whereof the mafler* and three-fourths of the mariners at leafl* are of the faid country ar, place* under the penalty and forfeiture of Jhip and goods: and whereas the felling of Britifh-built Jhips to foreigners is a beneficial branch of trade* and ought therefore to be encouraged* and it is highly reafon-able that Britifh Jhips fo fold to* or being the property of* foreigners* Jbould enjoy the fame privilege in theft kingdoms as if they were of the built of the refpeftive countries or places from whence fuch Jhips The (aid alt &*cme\ be it therefore enadted by the King’s moft excellent not uTextend	hy and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-

(duringthe tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament prefent hofti- aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and FrancT^to a^ter	one	thoufand	feven	hundred and

prevent the feventy-nine, and during the prefent hoflilities with France* but importation no longer, the faid recited adl of the twelfth year of the reign of certain enu- of King Charles the Second (hall not extend, or be conftrued ^h*1* t0 exlend’ t0 hinder or prevent any perfon or perfons what-property oi	foever from importing into the kingdom of Great Britain or

r ^ 7	o	Ireland*



Preamble.

X

Digitized by Google

1779*1 Anno decimo nemo GeoRGII III. c. 19.	iyj

Ireland, any of the faid goods or merchandizes hereinbefore foreign^*, mentioned and exprefled, in (hipping built in Great Britain, P™gritifoo? Ireland, or the iflands of Guemfey, Jerfey, or Man, or in any info built, pf the lands, iflands, dominions, and tetritories, to his Majefty,	*

in Africa, Afta, or America, or in his pofieffion, (o as the matter, and three-fourths of the mariners at leatt, belonging to, and navigating any fuch (hips or veiTel, are Britijb, or of the fame country or place of which the faid goods are the growth, production, and manufacture, refpeCtively, and not otherwife.

II.	Provided always. That all fuch goods and merchandizes Goods hn-

fo imported into Great Britain or Ireland, in (hips belonging P?rte{?»n fuch to, and the property of, foreigners, although Britijh-b\i\\t, ^iew dudou fhall be liable to aliens and all other duties, in the fame manner as if fuch (hips were foreign-built.

III.	And whereat feveralJhipt or veffelt Britifh-built, which are Owners of all the property of foreigners, and navigated with foreign mariners, have ^iclfhave aJ-errived in this kingdom finee the prefent hoflilities with France, laden ^ady arrived with form of the goods and merchandizes mentioned and exprefled in fince the pre-the before-recited aft of the twefth year of the reign of King Charles fcnt hoftilitiet the Second, and the owners of fuch goods are prevented from inter-2*%

ing the fame, and fome have been feized, with the vejpls importing lhc pJneSt of fuch goods, on account of their being liable to the penalties and for- this aCt. feitwres infilled by the Jaid aft: and whereas it is recfonable that the owners of fuch Jbips or vejfels and goods Jhould receive the benefit intended by this aft \ be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the owners of fuch goods fo imported, to enter and pay tjie aliens and other duties due and payable for the faid goods, without incurring any penalties or forfeitures whatfoever, for or by reafon of the faid recited aCt; and that the faid goods fo entered, or to be entered, and the faid (hips orveffels. in which they were imported, (hall be releafed and difeharged from any feizure or forfeiture on account of fuch importation, any thing in the faid recited aCt, or any aCt, to the contrary notwithftanding.

C A P. XXIX.

An aft for allowing corn, grain, and flour, imported into the port of Cowes, fn the ifle of White, to be landed without payment of the duties, under the like rejhriftions as corn, grain, and flour, are allowed to be landed at the feveral ports mentioned in an aft, made in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty's reign, intituled.

An aCt to regulate the importation and exportation of corn.

WHERE ASiy an aft, rttade in the thirteenth year of the Preamble.

reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad to regulate the importation and exportation of com; it is enabled. That in Recital of the eafe any wheat or wheat flour, rye, peafe, beans, barley, beer, bigg,	.

or oats, Jhall be imported into any or either of the ports in the faid 13 aft particularly mentioned, at any time when the duties not repealed by the faid aft Jhall be due and payable for fuch fpecies of com, grain, flour refpeftively, the fame, upon due entry thereof, may be forthwith

Wheat, wheat-flour, &c. may be imported at Cowes duty, free, fubjeft to the regula tions contain ed in the a-Bove-recited mSt.

Anno dccimo nono GeoRGH III. c.30— 32. {*773*

with landed from on board the fbip or veffoly in which fuch [pedes of corny grainy or floury /hall be fo importedy in the prefence of the proper officer or officers of the tuflomSy without payment of the /aid dutiesy under certain reflnftions and regulationi in the fcid a& mentioned and pre/cribed: and whereas it is expedient that comy grainy and floury imported into the port of Cowes, at any time when the duties not repealed by the j'aid aft /hall be due and payable for fucb (pedes of corny gra'iUy or floury refptftivelyy Jbouldy in like manner, be landed without payment of the [aid duties: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed and be it ena&ed by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this preient parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That in cafe any wheat or wheat flour, rye, peafe, beans, barley, beer, bigg, or oats, (hall be imported^nito the faid port of Cowes, at any time when the duties not repealed iw the faid a6k (ball be due and payable for ifuch fpecies of corn and grain, or flour, refpeftively, the fame, upon due entry thereof, may be forthwith landed from on board the (hip or veffel in which fuch fpecies of corn, grain, or flour, (hall be fo imported, in the prefence of the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, -with*

. out payment of the faid duties; and fuch corn, grain, and flour, (hall be fubje& and liable to be warehoufed, and to be delivered in the fame manner, and under and fubjedt to the like fecu-rities, conditions, regulations, and reflri&ions, as corn, grain, and flour, imported into any or either of the feveral ports mentioned in the faid act are lubjeft and liable to, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid port of Cowes had been included in the faid a St; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXX.

An aft for the better relief and employment of the poor of the feveral panflies within the hundred of Cosford (except the parifli of Hadieigh), and aifo of the parifli of Polltead, within the hundred of Babergh, in the county of Suffolk. .

cap. xxxr.

An aft for building a new aflize or town hall and market houfe^ within the city or borough of Wells, in the county of Somerfet; and (or regulating the markets within the faid city or borough.

CAP. XXXII.

An aft for continuing and amending two afts, made in the twenty^fixth year of his late Majelty, and ‘the fourth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from Piper's Inn to Glaftonbury, and feveral other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Somerfet; and for repairing the road from Piptr's Inn aforefaid to Athelney-bridge \ anti alio for paving, cleanfing, and lighting the city or borough of Weilti in the faid county, and tor removing and preventing incroacbmcnts, ftuifances, and annoyances therein.

-■	•	‘	*	• "	A p:

Digitized by LrOOQle

*39

*779*1 Anno dccimo nono GtoRGii III. c. 33.'

CAP. XXXIII. .

An adi for draining, improving and preferving, the low lands in tbO pariflies of A!tear, Sefton, Halfall, and Walton upon the Hill, in the county palatine of LancaAer.

Preamble. Boundaries of the low lands 3 in Mclling, in Magbul), in Altcar, in Down Holland, in Formby, in Altcar, in Formby, in AJtcac, in Ince Blundell, in Little Crofby, in luce Blundell, in Lunt, in Sefton, in Netherton, in Aintree3 commiflioners names. Commilfioners inpower-ed to change the courfe of the river Alt below Bull Bridge; and to make a new channel 3 and to open feveral rivulets; and to make bridges, drains, ahJ other woiks; and to ufe earth and ground near the banks. Com* miflioners authorifed to alter the courfe of nvulers and brooks3 but not to leflen the ttreams which fupply Sefton mills, &c. Claufe for limiting the time when the new channel (nail be made, Sec. River Alt to be kept open a,id cleaned till the new channel is compleated, and adjudged fuf-ficient to drain the lands. Jury to be fummoned. Commiflioners may fummon witnefles, and examine, them On oath. If jury find the new channel fufficient to drain, the old channel not to be opened in future. Incapacitated perfoos impowered to agree for damages done to lands. If taey cannot agree, then to be bound by adjudication and afleflment of damages^ or, at the election of the party fuftaining damage, by the Quarter fefflonsj or by a Jury. Commiflioners to iflue warrants to the (neriff, or a coroner, tor fummoning the jury; to appear before the com-miflioners. Sheriff to return iflues to 40 s. of every juryman not appear* ing. Jury fworn to contift of twelve men. Commiflioners impowered to fummon witnefles, and to examine them on oath ; and may older jurors to view the premifes. Jury to aflefc damage: their verdift to be conclu* five 3 if 10 days notice be given of delivering the warrant. The damages to be paid according to the priority of agreement with the parties. The commiflioners impowered to make tt^e new channel through Mr. Formby*i Isnds, and to fettle damages. If parties cannot agree a jury to bs fummoned, whofe verdidl (hall be final. Expends of the jury by whom to be borne. Peifons requeuing a jury, to enter into a bond to profeCurc theiF complaint, See. Complaint of damages to be given in writing within fix calendar months after done, or party not entitled to damage. Firft meeting of commiflioners. How to proceed on failure of a fuffreient number to adjourn. Commiflioners to appoint officers, and allow them fabrics. Officers to give fccurity for performance of their duty. Allowance to commilfioners. The lands to be annually taxed by the commiflioners^ according to the improvement they will receive from the drainage, dummtflionefs to give public notice of meetings for making rates. The owners and occupiers to give an account to the commiflioutrs of tbeir different eltates and interefls. A copy of the eftimates and afTeflraents to be left in the veftry of Sefton, for the in/peftion of the parties, wfio may appeal to commiflioners, and to the quarter feflions,or a jury : and if to a jury, the commiflioners to iflue warrants to the (heriff or Coroner, for fummoning a jury of 14 men. Sheriff to return iflues of 40 s. of every juryman not • appearing. Jury fworn to coniift of is men. Commiflioners impowered to call witnefles before them, and examine them on oath 3 and may order jurors to view the premifes. Verdidt of the jury to be final, if ten days notice be given of delivering the wairant. Colls of jury to be paid by tne party complaining, if the complaint be adjudged fnvolohs or vexatious \ but if otherwife, by the Commiflioners. Bond ro be given to pay colls of jury if the complaint (hall be adjudged frivo'ous or vexatious. Commif-fioners may fummon witnefles, and examine them on oath. Penalty for not appering. When rates are negle&ed to be paid, they may be levied by diftrefs. Tenants to deduft taxes out of then* rents. For the better recovering payment of the taxes. How taxes may be levied on un ten anted premifes. How to recover payment of the money from the cblledlort. Commiflioners impowered to borrow money, and to aflign the rates as a VOL. XXXII.	R	lean	it/.

i

Anno dccimo nono Geokgii III. c.34. [1779,

fecurity. Further fecurity to the lenders. Alignments of the rates may be transferred. The occupiers only to be taxed for repairs after the money borrowed (hall be paid end Che works completed. Puni(hment for deftroying the works. Penalty for opening flood 'gates See. Offenders, tor fecond offence, to be punched as felons. Penalty of making watering places) or driving carriages or cattle on the banks. Exception relating to driving cattle. To prevent feeding cattle on the banks or drove-ways. The banks not to be mowed, ploughed, or dug, but by direftioa of commiflionen.^Commiffiovitrs im powered to plant ftar in the low lands. Penalty on occupiers of low lands who fhaH negleft to open watercourfes, and repair doughs and tunnels. The tenure of lands not to be altered by any forfeiture incurred by this ad. Works done by virtue of this aft not to be fubjeft to commiffioners of fcwers. In cafe the new channel be made through Mr. Formby’s lands,the commiffioners (hall caufe a carriage bridge to be made in bis lands, and fuch other bridges as they (hall think proper. Eleftion of new commiflioners. Perfons interefled in the lands incapable of being commiflioners. No bufinefs valid unlefs done at meetings. Commiflioners becoming interefled incapable of afting. Commiffioners to be fworn. The oath. Commiflioners not to be personally, or their eftates, fubjeft to any colts or charges by means of their afting in the execution of this aft. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form. Perfons may recover, in cafe of irregularity in diftrefs, for fpecial damage 5 but not after amends tendered. Books of account to be kept, Accounts to be paffed yearly, or oftener. Rules and orders to be entered in books, andfigned; and may be given in evidence. No order to be reverfed, unlefs by confent of five commiflioners. Saving the rights of lords of manors. Fifhing and fowling referved to owners, juftices may adminitler oaths. Falfe evidence to be punifhed as perjuij. Perfons aggrieved by order of jufticet, may appeal to the quarter feffions 5 whofe order (hall be final. Proceedings not to be quaflied for want of form. How juftices to proceed for conviftion of offenders. Form of conviftion. Limitation of aftions. General iffue. Treble colts. Publick aft.

An aft to explain, amend, and render more effeftual, an aft pafled in the feventh year of his prefent Majetty's reign, intituled. An aB for draining and prtferving certain fen lands and low grounds, lying in the South Level part of the Great Level of the fens commonly called Bedford Level, and in the county of Cambridge, between the river Cam, otherwife Grant, Wtjl, and the hard lands of Botti/bam, Swaffbam Bulbeck, and S waff bam Prior, Eaft\ and for imfowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the Great Level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to feu certain fen lands, lying within the limits aforrfaid, commonly called Invefied lands.

Preamble. Recital of an aft 7 Geo. 3. The boundary inconvenient, and tolls infufficient, See. Description of the new boundary. What lands (baj! be taxed. Tolls on the eaft bank of the river Grant. Penalty on evading the tolls. New tolls at the feveral Unices. On negleft of pay* ruent of tolls, colleftois may ftize veflels and goods, and (ell the fame. Exemptions from tolls. In order to ascertain the quality and quantity of goods, watermen (hall give accounts thereof. Penalty on refufel, or giving a falfe account, which may be levied by difirefr. On failure of dittreis, offender to be committed. Half tolls only to be paid till certain fums (hall be laid out. Toll at Burwell New Load. Trustees impowred to reduce the tolls. Lands dug into turf pools, unable to pay the whole tax, to pay one half for (even years. Owners may appeal. Power to appeal from former afleffments. Juftices not to aft where interefted. Satisfactionfor injury done to the rufh ground. Power to relieve the proprietors of ad* venture lands. Provifo. Perfons refuting to pay tastes, one month after notice, to forfeit two pence for every (hilling in arrear. Taxes and for* ieitures may be levied by diitrefiu Tenant*. to pay tilt taxes, and dcdnft

CAP. XXXIV.

the

Digitized by

,779,1 Anno decimonotto Gboroii III. C.35.	24

the fame out of tbeir rents.' Grounds to remain a fecurity for taxes, and may be (old. When taxes OiaU be in arrear for commons, the faid com* mens may be let, or fold to the bed bidder.' Publick notice to be given of Tales. How money paid for adventure lands flaall be applied. Deeds /hall be regiftered. Lands, when fold, to be liable to taxes by this and the former act; and by aft 15 Car. II. Com mifli oners may borrow money, and aflign Use rates 3s a fecurity. Monies aflefTtd by this aft, charged with payment of principal and interelt. Alignments may be transferred.

Transfers to be entered in a book. When cattle are driven awsy, and goods removed, to prevent recovery of taxes, they may be diftrained elfe-where. Ferfons digging turf-pits improperly, to forfeit tos for every tbou&nd of turfs. The new banks of great ufe to travellers. Power to ereft turnpikes thereon. The tolls. Power to ereft fences to prevent evading tolls. Penalty on deftroying fences. Exemptions from tolls. Penalty on claiming exemptions unjuftly. The clerk may adjourn meetings.

Four publick meetings to be held in each year. In cafe of' nonattendance, new commiffioners may be appointed. There being only three com* nsi/Tioners for Bottifham, another fliall be appointed. For improving the commonable parts of the lands. Fen reeves may direft the management thereof. The commiflioners may determine differences. Cattle feeding contrary to agreements may be impounded, &c. Cattle (hall not Itop to departure on the grounds,&c. under the Penalty of 40s. Sedge, See. not to be cut in certain places without leave. Fen reeves to caufe drove-ways to be mended, ana ditches to be feoured. Charge on a commonable right not tp exceed 3 s. Commiffiontrs may appoint fen reeves, if parifhes negleft it.

CommifGoners may take earth from boutes or wa(hes, making fatisfaftion to the owners. Punilhment for deftroying works. The laft claufe not to invalidate the former aft. Proceedings net to be qua&ed for want of form nor removed into any court of record. Saving the rights ofconfer-vators. Limitation of aftions. General iflue. Treble colls. Aft 7 Geo.

Ilf. to remain in force, except where altered. Publick aft.

CAP. XXXV.

Ah ad to repeal fi mud offeveral oils of parliament, os prohibit the growth and produce of tobacco in Ireland j and to permit the importation of tobacco of the growth and produce of that kingdom into Great Britain, under the like duties and regulations as To* bacco of the growth of	Britifh Colonies in America is permit-

ted te be imported.

WHEREAS it is of the greatejf importance to the ftrength Preamble.

and fecurity af thefe kingdoms, that every attention and encouragement Jbould be given to fuch of the produce and manufacture of the kingdom of Ireland as do not materially interfere with the commercial interefts of Great Britain: and whereas by an afff made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second,

(intituled. An aft for prohibiting the planting, fetting, or lowing, of Tobacco in England or Ireland\) and by divers other ads fmee faffed, the culture of tobacco within the kingdom of Ireland, and the exportation of the fame from thence, is prohibited; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and So much of by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the twenti- two aftsof eth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, ***n^*5r ^ fo much Qf two feveral afts of parliament, the one made in the anyotherafts R 2	twelfth	made in this



Anno dccimo nono Georgii III. c. 35. [1779J

Kingdom* twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the fecond, (intituled, which prohi- An aft for prohibiting the plantings fittings or /owing, of tobacco in bits the plant- England or Ireland;) and the other made in the fifteenth year of tofaccoin t*ie rc*6n King Charles the fecond, (intituled. An aft for the Ireland* re- encouragement of tradei) or of any other ad mad© in this king-pealed. dom, which prohibits or retrains the fetting, planting, or improving to grow, making, or curing tobacco, either in feed, plant, or otherwise, in the kingdom of Ireland, (hall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed and made void.

II. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore-Jrifli tobacco	That no tobacco the growth, produd, or manufedure of

to be exported Ireland, (hall be exported from thence to any port or place what-to Great Bri- foever out of the/aid kingdom of Ireland, except to Great-Bri-tain only; un- tain-, under the like fecurities, penalties, and forfeitures, as are rUi«,e&cCpre- Prcfcr*hed in an ad, made in the twelfth year of the reign of fcribed in the King Charles the fecond, (intituled. An aft for the encouraging and navigation	increafing of Jhipping and navigation,) with tefped to tobacco, and.

adt t% Gar. II. other enumerated goods of the growth, produd, or manufacture,, of any of the Englijb plantations therein mentioned.

The duty of III- And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore-offictrsofthe faid, That when any tobacco the growth, produd, or manufac-cuftoms in	ture cf Ireland, (hall be laden on board any (hip or veffel, at any

ftfpp?ng°ofthC Port or P^acc whatfoever within the faid kingdom of Ireland* tobacco for in order to be conveyed from thence into Great Britain, the exportation, colledor and comptroller, cr other chief officer of the cuftoms, at fuch port or place where fuch tobacco (hall be laden, (hall, at and upon the clearing of every fuch (hip or veffel, by the proper officers of the cuftoms appointed for that purpofe, deliver to the matter, commander, or other perfon taking charge of any filch (hip or veffel, a manifeft or content in writing, under his and their hands and feal of office, which (hall contain a true account of all the tobacco laden on board every fuch (hip or veffel, with the number of hoglhcads, cafks, chefts, or other package thereof, and the quantity of the tobacco contained in 'each particular hogthead, calk, cheft, or other package, together with the marks and numbers fet on each and every hogmead, calk, cheft, or other package, with the care thereof; and alfo (hall, at and upon the clearing of every fuch (hip or veffel, as aforefaid, immediately tranfmit a duplicate of fuch manifeft or content ta the refpedive commiffioners of the cuftoms in Great Britain: Penalty on	any	colledor, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuf-

negled there- toms, at any port or place in Ireland, who (hall negled or reef.	fufe to deliver to the matter, commander, or perfon taking

charge of fuch (hip or veffel, fuch manifeft or content as is hereinbefore direded, or who (hall not tranfmit a duplicate thereof, as hereby required, to the refpedive commiffioners of the cuftoms in Gteat Britain, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, and the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall fue or profecute for the fame, in any of his Majefty’s courts erf ' record at IVeJlminJler or Dublin.

IV. And

Digitized by

Google

1779.] Anno decimo nono GEoRGii III. c. 36,37.	243

IV* And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Every com-That every matter, commander, or perlon taking charge of any manderofa (hip or veflel having fuch tobacco laden on board as aforefaid*, «port-(hall, upon his arrival at his port of difeharge in Great Britain, {J^ccoSa^oii and at the time he makes his report of his (hip or veflel at the bit arrival at cuftom-houfe, deliver to the collector of the cuttoms at the faid a Briti(h port, port (who is hereby required and directed to deliver the fame to deljyer t0uhc the land-waiters appointed for the delivery of fuch (hip or vef-fel, ) the manifeft or content of the lading of his (hip or veflel, content of his which he received from the colledtor, comptroller, or other lading which chief officer of the cuftpms, at the port or place in Ireland where received at he took in his lading: and if any matter, commander, or perfon taking charge of fuch (hip Or veflel, (hall negledt or refufc to de- iand.S liver fuch manifeft or content to the collector of the cuttoms, at pcnalty on the time he makes his report of his (hip or veflel at the cuftom- negledt there-houfe at the port of his difeharge, he (hall forfeit and lofe the of*

Turn of one hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to his Ma-

a, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to officer or officers of the cuttoms as (hall fue and profecute for the fame, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, at Weft-minfter, pr in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, refpedtively, where the offence (hall be committed.

* V. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore- Info tobacco faid. That fuch tobacco (hall be imported into Great Britain in P1*1* not calks, chefts, or cafes, each of which (hall contain four hundred G^tBritaifT and fifty pounds weight of nett tobacco at the leaft, and not in calks, &c. otherwile ; and (hall be liable to the fame duties, and intitled to containinglefii the fame difeounts, allowances, and drawbacks, and in all re- lh^ni£5n?l fpedts fubjedt to the fame rules, regulations, reftridtions, fecuri- HUble to the ties, penalties, and forfeitures, as tobacco the growth,'produdt, fame duties, or manufacture of the Britijb colonies or plantations in America, drawback*,&c. is liable, fubjedt, and intitled to by law, in as full and ample ai tob*cco the manner, as if the faid duties, difeounts, allowances, and draw-backs, rules, regulations, reftridtions, fecurities, penalties, and nie* in Am’f> forfeitures, "and the feveral claufes relative thereto, had beer) rica. particularly repeated and enadted in this prefent adt,

9 A P. XXXVI.

An adt for eredting a market-houfe, and regulating the markets, withr in the borough of Bridgewater, in the county of Somerfst; and for paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching, the (beets, lanes, ^od othey publick paflages and place*, within the faid borough.

CAP. XXXVII.

An aft for granting a bounty upon the importation into this kingdom of hempy of the growth of the kingdom 0/* Ireland, for a limited time.

WHEREAS the encouragement of the cultivation of hemp in p^tmb]e.

the kingdom of Ireland, and the importation thereof from thence, will be a means of fumijbing this kingdom yjitb fail-cloth and

*3

Digitized by CjOOQle

Anno decimo nono GeoRGH 1H# c. 37.	1779*

cordage (To ejfentially nectjfary for thefupply of bis Majefifs royal navy9 as well as for Jbips employed in the merchants fervice) at more reafo-nable rates than at prefenty and will alfo tend to make the fupply of the faid materials cheaper and lefs precarious, and be a means of introducing trade, manufaflurey and induftry, by employing ’ many of his Majefiys fubjefts within the faid kingdom of Ireland; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the After June fame. That, from and after the twenty.fourth day of June, one a*, i77Q,the thoufand feven hundred and feventyrnine, every perfoa or per-rniums^o b«C ^ons	w^^ul	the	time	appointed by this a£, import,

paid on the or caufe to be imported, into this kingdom, direflly from the importation of faid kingdom of Ireland, in any (hip or (hips that may law-Irilh hepapj fully trade thither, manned as hy law is required, any hemp wa-tec-rottjd, bright and clean, of the growth of Inland, (hall have and enjoy, as a reward or premium for fuch importation, the following fum: (that is to lay)

•videlicet t For the firft fevei) years, S!. per ton j

for the next feven ycarp, 61 per ton.

and for the following feven years, 4I. per ton|

For every ton of fuch hemp fo imported, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventyr nine, to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, the fum of eight pounds fteriing:

For every ton of fuch hemp fo imported, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, to the twenty-fourth day of June% one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, the fum of fix pounds fteriing:

And for every ton of fuch hemp fo imported, from the twenty-fourth day of June9 one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, to the twenty-fourth day of June^ one thoufand eight hundred, the fum of four pounds fteriing:

To,be paid upon demand to the importer of fuch hemp, by the collc&or of the port where the fame (hall be imported, out of the cuftoms; and in cafe the colledor of the port where the fame (hall be imported (hall not have money fufficient in his hands, he is hereby required to certify the fame to the commiflioners of the cuftoms, who (hall caufe the fame to be paid by the receiver-general of his Majefty’s cuftoms ; the bounty of the hemp imported into England to be paid by the receiver-rgeneral of the cuftoms in England, and of that imported into Scotland to be paid by the receiver-general there.

Commiffio- II. Andy to the end a particular benefit may accrue hereby to bis jier* of the Majefifs royal navy, anafor the better fupply of the fame with na-the refufa?of wlfioreSy be it further enaded. That, upon the importation of all fuch hemp. anY fuch hemp from Ireland for which a reward or premium is hereby granted, the pre-emption or refufal of fuch hemp (hall be offered and tendered to the commiflioners of his Majefty*s navy upon landing the fame; and if within the term of twenty days after fuch tender, the faid commiffioncrs (hall not contra^

or

Digitized by LjOoq le

245

1779-] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 37. or bargain for the fame, it fhaH and may be lawful for the importer or importers, owner or owners, of the faid hemp, other-wife to difpofe of the fame for his or their belt profit and advantage.

III.	And, in order to intitk the importer of fuch hemp to the pre- Importers of mium granted by this aft, and to prevent frauds by importing foreign bemP t0 Pr°-hemp, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That chief officer* all and every perfon or perfons importing any fuch hemp into of thecultoms Great Britain, fhall produce to the chief officer or officers of the at the port of cuftoms, at the port of importation, a certificate or certificates, importation, a under the hands and feal of office of the colle&orand comptrol- from^he col-ler, or other chief officer of the cuftoms, at the port in Ireland icaor, &c. at where fuch hemp (hall be put on board; certifying, that before the port of the departure of fuch (hip or veflel, (hips or veflels, the perfon or lading in Ire-perfons, merchant, trader, or fadfor, loading the fame, had made land#

oath before them, that the faid hemp, fo (hipped on board, was truly and bona fide of the growth and produce of fome place in Ireland; expreffing in the faid certificate the number, marks, and packages, of fuch hemp, with the name or names, place or places of abode, of the exporter or exporters from Ireland, and the name of the place or places in Ireland where the faid hemp grew and was produced, together with the name or names, place or places of abode, of fuch perfon or perfons as fhall have fwornthe hemp therein mentioned to be bona fide of the growth and produce of fuch place in Ireland, and where and to whom in Great Britain the fame is configned ; and the mafter, or perfon having the charge or command of fuch Ihip or veflel, Ihips or veflels, importing fuch hemp, fhall, on his arrival in this kingdom, alfo make oath before the colledor and comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuftoms at the port of importation, that the feveral packages, fo marked and numbered, and the hemp contained therein, are the fame packages and goods that were taken on board his faid fhip or veflel at the faid port in Ireland, by virtue of the faid certificate or certificates fo to be produced as aforefaid; which faid oaths the faid officers herein-be-fore named are refpe&ively hereby authorized and required to adminifter,

IV.	And, that the officers of the cuftoms may be the better able to Officers toexa-

difeover any frauds intended for receiving the aforefaid premium, be mine the hemp it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and be*°re thcy may be lawful for the faid officers, and they are hereby reqviir-	ccr-

ed, before they make out any fuch certificate, to examine the

faid hemp, by opening each package, and fhifting the fame, in fuch manner as to fee the whole contents, or by fuch other means as they fhall think proper, to find out artd difeover whether the faid hemp is water-rotted, bright and clean, and free from any falfe mixture.

V.	Provided always. That in cafe any doubt or difpute fhall Difputesbe-

arife between the furveyors or officers of the cuftoms and the twce£ farvey-owners or importers of fuch hemp as’ is imported into the port of	of

London, as to the quality of the fame, it fhall and may be lawful hemp, how to

R 4	for	be fettled.

Officer demanding any rewaid tor examining,

&c. fuch hemp, (hall forfeit his of-

246	Anno	derimo	nono	QeorGII	III. p.37.. f *779*

for thje commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms to call two or tporc merchants, manufadlurers, or others, well (killed in the commodity, who (hall declare upon oath, if required, their opinion as to the quality of the fame, and, according to the bettof their judgement determine whether the faid hempjs intitled tothe premium hereby granted, or not; and if any doubt or difpute (hall arife as to the quality of any hemp imported into any of the out-ports in England, faniples thereof (hall be taken, and fent up to the commiflioners of the cuftoms in London, and into the out-ports in Scotland, to the commiflioriers of the cuftoms at Edinburgh, in fuch manner as the refpedlive commiflioners (hall diredl, in order to be infpedt^d and adjudged there as before-mentioned.

VI.	And be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid. That no fee, gratuity, or reward, (hall be demanded, taken, or received, by any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, for examining, viewing, or delivering, fuch hemp, with refpedt to the premium or reward allowed by this adl, or for the figning any of the cer-

--........-	tificates	in	order to the receiving fuch premium or reward, or

£ce, aod 100I. fpr pay'ing the famc . an(j any fucb Qfficer demanding or taking fuch fee or reward (hall, for fuch offence, forfeit his office; and fuch officer (hail alfo be incapable of fervipg his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

Ex rters of YU* And be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid, JhTfhhempfor T^at any fuch hemp, of the growth or produce of Ireland, which apre- (hall, after the twenty-fourth day of June> one thoufand feven mi“ml»a*been hundred and feventy-nine? be exported from Great Britain, that paid (hall re- jhen, ancj jn every fuch cafe, the perfon or perfons fo exporting the fame (hall, before the entry thereof, pay unto the colledlor of the cuftoms at the port where the fame (nail be exported, or to the chief officer of the cuftoms there, the full fum which is by this adl allowed as a premium on all fuch hemp as he intends to expprt, over and above any duty the fame is or may by law be fubjedl tp pay at exportation by any adl: provided always, That the faid colledlor or chief officer of the cuftoms, upon receiving fuch premium from the exporter of fuch hemp, a; aforefaid, (hall charge himfelf with the money fo received, or with the faid premium, and the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms are to take particular care that the fame be duly brought to the account of his Majefty by fuch colledlor chief officer a$ aforefaid.

on penalty of VIII. And be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid, jforteitingfuch That if any perfon or perfons, their agents pr afligns, (hall be pemp, and found fraudulently to export fuch hemp without paying fuel) premium to the colledlor or chief officer of the cuftoms in manner aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit and lofe all fuch hemp, and double the value thereof; one moiety whereof (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fueceffors, and the other moiety to the informer or profecutor, to be profecuted jn any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVcJlminJler, or in

*hp

pay the Came (befides other duties) at the port of exportation ;

double the Value thereof.

Digitized by v^ooQle

j779.] Anno declmo nono Georgii III. c. 38,39.	247

the court of exchequer in &#//<ffW,refpe6tively, wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

IX.	Provided always, That if any doubt or difpute (hall arife rn cafe of

whether the hemp, or any part thereof, fo to be exported, is of difpufe wbe-the growth, product, or manufacture of Inland, or of foreign ther the hemp growth,.product, or manufacture, the onus probandi (hall lie on duceofire-the owner or claimer thereof, and not on the informer or pro- und, the onus fecutor; any law, cuftom, or ulage, to the contrary notwith- probandi to lie Handing.	on the owner.

X.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That penaly on im-if the ma(ter or owner of any (hip or veflel (hall clandeftinely porting fo-import or receive in fuch (hip or veflel, to be imported into "|5nhhemp u Gnat Britain, any hemp, knowing the fame to be foreign hemp, demand-and (hall demand or receive for any fuch foreign hemp the re- ingapre-ward or premium hereby granted, fuch mafter or owner (haH mium for the forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be fued for and reco- famc' vered in manner as aforefaid; and the (hip or veflel in which

fuch foreign hemp (hall be fo fraudulently imported, with all her guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, (hall be forfeited to the Ring’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors.

C A P. XXXVIII.

4n aft for altering the times of holding the Martinmas and Candlemas terms in the court of exchequer in Scotland.

WHEREAS the terms of Martinmas and Candlemas, as Preamble.

they are at prefent kept, for the fitting of the court of exchequer in Scotland, have been found inconvenient: and whereas it would be more convenient for the July efts ^Scotland that the/aid terms were altered \ be it therefore enaCted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That Martinmas Martinmas term, for the faid court of exchequer, (hall, at all times here- term, in the after, begin on the twenty-fourth day of November, and end up- chequer " on the twentieth day of December \ and that Candlemas term, for Scotland, to the faid court, (hall, at all times hereafter, begin on the fifteenth begin Nov. *4* day oi Januaryy and end on the third day of February, except and end Dec. jmy of the faid days, upon which the faid terms are appointed to 2^termVo begin or end, (hall happen to be a Sunday, in which cafe the be- begin Jan. 15. ginning or ending of fuch term in which that happens (hall be andendFeb.}. liporj the day following.

CAP, XXXIX.

An adt for paving, repairing, cleanling, and lighting, the town and borough of Burton upon Trent, in the county of Stafford$ and for removing and preventing ob$ruQions and annoyances therein.

Digitized by

2+B

Anno detimo nono Gbough III. c.+o. [i 779.

, CAP. XL.

An all for better	fecuring tie duties in fiartb.

Preamble.

WHEREAS, notwtbftaniing the many laws modi fm curing tbi revenues fin ftarch, and for protecting the fair

After July 5, i779»no per-fon, within the limits of the excife office in London (hail make entry of any work-houfe for snaking ftarch, unlefs be (hall occupy a tenement of 10I. a year, and pay parifti rates;

andnoperfon, in any other part of the

(had make fuch entry, lintels he (hall pay to church and poor.

Recital of an ad 10. Ann*.

rar fe~

_ rair trader, many grofs frauds are daily praftifed by evil-minded and indigent perfons, who are encouraged in fetch practices, not only from the great length of time allowed by thefe laws for the payment of the duties on ftarch, but alfofor want offeme further regulations in the manner of carrying on thefiarch-making bujinefs; for remedy whereof, be it ers-adled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, no perfon or perfons whatfoever, redding within the limits oF the head office of excife in London, (hall be permitted to make entry of any work-houfe or place for the making of ftarch, as required by the ftatntes in that cafe already made and provided, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons (hall occupy a tenement or tenements of the yearly value of ten pounds, or upwards, and for which he, (he, or they (hall accordingly be aflefled in their own name, and (haft alfo pay to the parifh rates; and that no perfon or perfons whatfoever, refi- 1 ding in any other part of the kingdom where there are rates to church and poor, (hall be permitted to make any fuch entry, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons (hall be aflefled and pay to church and poor, in the feveral parifhes and places in which they (haH re-fpedtively refide; and that no entry of any workhoufe or place for making of ftarch, already made or hereafter to be made as required by the ftatutes in that cafe made and provided, (hall be of any avail to any perfon or perfons not fo qualified, or for any longer time than the perfon or perfons fo making entry (haH be qualified as aforefaid 5 and every perfon making ftarch, and not qualified as aforefaid, (hall, notwithftanding any entry by him or them made, be deemed and taken to be perfons making ftarch without entry, and (hall be fubjedt to the like penalties and forfeitures as perfons making ftarch without entry are, by the ftatutes in fuch cafe made and provided, now fubjedhunto.

II. And whereas, by an aft paffed in the tenth year of the reign of her late majefty £)ueen Anne, (intituled, An a<51 for laying additional duties on hiifes and (kins, vellum and parchment, and new duties on ftarch, coffee, tea, drugs, gilt and filver wire, and policies of infurance,'to fecure a yearly fund for fatisfadbon of orders to the contributors of a further fum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds towards her Majefty’s fupply; and for the better fecuring the duties on candles; and for obviating doubts concerning certain payments in Scotland; and for fupprefling unlawful lotteries, and other devices of the fame kind ; and concerning cake-foap ; and for relief of Mary Ravendll, in relation to an annuity of eighteen pounds per Annum*, and concerning

prize

Digitized by v^ooQle

*49

1779*3 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. €.40.

prize cocoa nuts brought from America-, and certain tickets which were intended to be fubferibed into the dock of the South Sea company; and for appropriating the monies granted ki this fef-lion of parliament;) it was, amongft other things enabled, That oil and every perfon and perfons wbatfoever, who Jbould mate any ft arch in London, Weftminfter, or in any parts within the weekly bills of mortality, fhould monthly, and every month; and all and every perfon or perfons wbatfoever, who Jbould make any forth in any other part of Great Britain, Jbould9 once in every fisc weeks, make a true entry in writing, at the next ojfke for the faid duties, of all the Jlarcb by bm, her, or them,fever ally made within fetch month, or fix weeks, refpec-tively\ which entries were to be made in manner os is therein txprtf-fed: and it was further enabled by the faid aft. That oil and every perfon, who Jbould make any fear eh in London or Weftmmifler, or within the limits of the fend weekly hills of mortality, Jbould, vfitbm four weeksand ail and every perfon whatsoever, who fhould make any /larch in any other parts of Great Britain, Jbould, within fix weeks, after be, fbe, or they, Jbould have made, or ought to have made, fetch entry os aforefaid, pay and dear off aH the faid duties upon ftarcb, which Jbould be due from him, her, or them refpeftivdy; and that all and every Juch makers of forth, who Jbould rtfufe or negleft to make futb payment as aforefaid, Jbould forfeit and lojt, for every fitch of -fence, double the Jum of the faid duty: and whereas the allowance of fo long a time for the making of the entries, and for the payment of the duties, as aforefaid, hath been found prejudicial to the revenue, and alfo to the fair trader, as evil-minded and indigent perfons have been encouraged thereby to make ftarcb, and have made entry of the far eh by them made, hut have negUfted to pay the duty when due, and before the time that the duty could be recovered hove obfeonded from their refpeftive dwelling-places, or by other methods have evaded the payment of the fame, be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thou- Certain fand feven hundred and feventy-ninc, the above recited claufes,	thc

and every article, matter, and thing, therein contained, (hall be, ^*6. and are hereby repealed, and made null and void; fave only and except in all cafes relating to the recovering any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the faid duties, or to any penalty or forfeiture which (hall have been incurred upon, or at any time before, the (aid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine j any thing herein contained to the con* ttary notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid. That, Aftcr jul from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hun- i779, itarch-dred and (eventy-nine, all and every perfon wbatfoever, who makers to (hall make any (larch, (hall, weekly and every week, make a raakc *ntne,» true entry in writing, at the next office for the duties on ftarcb, ^ickly/par-of all the (larch by him, her, or them, feverally made within ticulanfing each week, which faid entries (haU contain the weight of all the quantity the (larch mentioned therein refpetftivriy, and what quantity at each thereof was made at each making ia that week, on pain to for- ma ,n^» fck, for every negle^.tbt hun of fifty pounds* which entries	y

(hall 5

Digitized by

Google

250

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C.40J [ 1779.'

(hall be made upon oath by the maker of fueh ftarch, or by their chief workman or fervant employed in making the fame, according to the bell of their knowledge and belief, unlefs fuch maker, workman, or fervant, be a known quaker, and the folemn affirmation of fuch maker, workman, or fervant, to the fame effedt, in cafe he or (he be a known quaker, (hall and may be taken indead of fuch oath; and the faid entries, oaths and affirmations to verify the fame, (ha)l, for fuch darch as (hail be made within the limits of the chief office of excife in Londen* be made with and adminidered by fuch officer or officers as (hall be appointed by the commiffioners for the duties on ftarch in England, or the major part of them for the time being; and for all darch made in all other parts of Great Britain, with and by the collectors and fupervifors of the diftridt or divifion within whifh the refpedtive makers of darch (hall inhabit, without any fee or charge whatfoever to be taken or demanded for the fame. Starch makers	IV. And be it farther enadted by the authority aforefaid,

to pay the	That	all and every perfon and perfons whatfoever,	who (hall

duties within	make	any darch in Great Britain, (hall^ within one	week after

fhatirneofr	or ^lcy» toall make, or ought to have made, fuch

entry,	entry	as aforefaid, pay and clear off all the duties	for ftarch

*	which (hall be due from him, her, or them, refpedliveJy ; and

and that all and every fuch maker of ftarch, who (hall refute or or forfeit	negled to make fuch payment as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and lofe,

double the	for every fuch offence, double the fum of the laid duty whereof

fum neglected t^c paymcnt (hall be fo refufed or negledted; and that no fuch 0 epal ’ makers of ftarch, after fuch default in payment made, (hall fell, deliver, or carry out, any ftarch, until he hath paid and cleared off his duty, as aforefaid, on pain to forfeit double the value of fuch ftaren fo delivered or carried out.

Provifb.	V.	Provided	always.	That	no maker of ftarch (hall be oblig-

ed to go or fend further than the market-town where his or her ftarch is made, or the next market-town to the place where his or her ftarch is made, for the making fuch entries, or the payment of the faid duties.

Starchmakers VI. Arid, for the better preventing the frauds frequently to give proper committed by divers makers of ftarch, by emptying the vat or notice to ex- vats made ufe of for making of ftarch in the abfence of the bdFo^h™ cxc*fe officer, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That, beghnoempty ^rotn anc* a^tcr	day	one thoufand feven hundred

their vats; 7 and feventy-nine, every maker of ftarch, before he, (he, or they, do begin to empty or wa(h out any of the vat or vats, made ufe of by him, her, or them, in preparing or making of ftarch, he, (he, or they, (hall give to the officer of excife of the divifion or diftridt where his, her, or their ftarch-houfe is fituate, twelve hours notice, if fuch ftarch-houfe (hall be within the limits of the chief office of excife in London; or if fuch ftarch-houfe (hall be in any other part of Great Britain* twenty-four hours notice of the particular time and hour when and at which he, (he, or they, intend to begin to empty or wa(h out fuch vat or vats; and in cafe fuch maker or makers of ftarch

(hail

Digitized by

Google

1779’] Anno dedmo nono Georgii III. c« 40.	25	r

fhall not begin to empty or wafh out the faid vat or vats, at the hour and times mentioned in fuch notice, or within two hours next after, then every fuch notice (hall be, and is hereby declared to be, void, and every fuch maker and makers of ftarch (hall, and is hereby obliged to give a frefh and like notice in. manner aforcfaid : and- in cafe any fuch maker or makers of °j? forfeiture ftarch (hall negledt or refufe to give fuch firft notice before he °* I00'* begins to empty or wa(h out his, her, or their vat or vats, or tOt infert in fuch notice the particulars herein-before required, or to give a frc(h notice in manner aforefaid, before he begins to empty or wa(h oqt the vat or vats, in cafe he, (he, or they,-(hall not begin and proceed to empty or wa(h out the faid vat or vats at, the hour and time mentioned in the faid firft notice, or within two hours next afterward, fuch maker or makers of ft arch (hall, in every fuch cafe, for eyery fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

VII.	And be it further cnadted by the authority aforefaid,

That when and fo foon as the faid vat or vats (hall be fo empti- thi waters * ed or waftied out, as aforefaid, and the waters (hall be put into fhall remain in the frames, tubs, or other utenfils, ufed for preparing and	frames,

making the fame into ftarch, the faid waters (hall remain un- ^rbed for S moved and uodifturbed in the fame frames, tubs, or utenfils, hours. 4 for the fpace of forty-eight hours, at Jeaft, from the time of emptying and washing out the faid vat or vats* agreeable to the faid notice, and that the dimes and wa(h (hall not, during the faid fpace of forty eight hours, be taken off the fame: And that Starchmaker the officers for the duties upon ftarch may be able to afeertain *° Slve thc.of* when the faid waters were fo put into the raid frames, tubs, or in writing1^ utenfils, after the faid vat or vats have been emptied or wafted fpecifying the out, as aforefaid, every maker of ftarch (hall give, or caufe to hour when by given, to the officer of excife under whofe furvey fuch maker «ch vat was of ftarch (hall then be, a notice in writing, fpecifying therein cmpticd» the particular hour or time of the day when fuch maker of ftarch did fini(h the emptying or wafting out of each and every vat and vats j and if any maker or makers of ftarch fliall, after the °n forfeiture faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy- of Ioo/’ nine, negledt to deliver fuch notice as laft aforefaid, he, (he, or they, (hall, for every fuch ne^letft, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Starchmaken

That whenever any maker or makers of ftarch (hall be defirous nouce'too^ to take off from the four waters the dimes or wa(h fo put into cert before the frames, tubs, or utenfils, after the fame (hall have been and they take off have remained unmoved and undifturbed for the fpace of forty- lhc^lraei eight hours, as aforefaid, he, (he, or they, (hall give to the four waters; * officer of excife of the divifion or diftritf, where his, her, or	1

their ftarch-houfc is fituate, twelve hours notice, if fuch (birch-

houfe (hall be within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, or if fuch ftarch-houfe (hall be in any other part of Great Britain, twenty-four hours notice, of the particular time and and hour when and at which he intends to take off fuch (limes u	and

*5*

Anno derimo nono Georoii IH. e.40. [1779.

and wafli; and in cafe Rich maker or makers of (larch (hall not begin and proceed to take off the (limes and wa(h as aforefaid at the time and hour mentioned in Rich notice, or within two hours next after, then every Rich notice rfiall be, and is hereby declared to be, void, and every fuch maker and makers of (larch (hall be, and is hereby obliged to give a frefh and like notice, in on forfeiture z manner aforefaid; and in cafe any fuch maker or makers of (larch of tool* (hall negled to give fuch firft notice before he begins to take off fuch (limes or wafh, or to infcrt in Rich notice the particulars he rein-before required, or to give a frefti notice, in manner aforefaid, before he begins to take off fuch dimes or wad), in cafe he, (he, or they, (hall not begin and proceed to take off fuch dimes and wadi at the hour and time mentioned in the faid firft notice, or within two hours next afterwards, fuch maker or makers of (lareh (hall, in every fuch cafe, for every fuch offence, forfeit and tofe the fum of one hundred pounds. ythtn the IX. And be it further cna<fted. That when the dimes (hall (lime* are put be taken off, as aforefaid, and the fame (hall be put into any &c°they (hall	or tub§’ ** ot^cr utenGU the feme (hall remain in the fame

remain there tub or tubf* or other utenfils, into which the feme (hall have *4 hours. been firft put, for the fpace of twenty-four hours after the fame (hall have been fo taken off; and if any maker or makers of (larch (hall move or difturb the waters after the fame (hall have been (b emptied or waftied out of the vat or vats into any frame, tub, or utenfil, or (hall take off the dimes or walh du-Starchmaker ring the fpace of forty eight-hours, as aforefaid, or (hall move difturbing or difturb the (limes after the fame (hall have been put into fuch thaTtime,nff tu^ or tubs, or olllcr Ul>tenfil, during the fpace of twenty-four &e. (hall tor- hows, as aforefaid, then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch maker feit 100/. and makers of (larch (hall, for every (tich offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hdndred pounds.

Dutyon (larch X. And, the better to prevent any frauds by the fecreting cowTinPa,rd or concca*,nS ftareh, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, gauge*faken * "That in cafe any officer or officers for the faid duties upon in the four	(larch (hall at any time mifs any quantity or quantities of (larch,

water*.	of which an account had been taken by gauge, whilfl the ferae

was in the four waters or dimes, refpe&ively, and before the faid (larch has been put into the boxes, and (hall not, upon reafonable demand, receive fatisfadlion what is become of the fame, then, and in every cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch officer or officers to charge the maker of fuch (larch according to the gauge taken of the fame in the four waters or dimes, as aforefaid, refpeflively, and every fuch maker (hall pay the duty fo charged.

Starchmtkcr* XI. And, for the further fecuring the duty on (larch, be it to give notice further enatfted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after lore they*box ^	^3y	ortc	thoufand feven hundred and

their (larch, feventy-nine, when any maker or makers of (larch (hall give particularif- notice of his intention to box, as required by an a£t, made in ing the frame, tfoc fourth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the which it i™o Second, (intituled, An aft to prevent frauds in the revenue of excife be boxed;

1779*] Aano decimo nono Georgn III. c. 40.	253

with refeeft to jkrcb, coffee* tea* and chocolate]* every fuch maker of ftarch (hall, in each fuch notice, exprefs' and declare the particular frame, tub, or other utenfil, from which he, (he, or they, intend to box any ftarch ; and that when any fuch maker or makers of ftarch (hall begin to box fuch ftarch, they (hall proceed and continue to box the fame until the whole quantity of ftarch in each fuch frame, tub, or other utenfil, (hall be perfectly boxed ; and if any maker or makers of ftarch (hall, at any time after the faid fifth day of Jufy* one thoufand feven hundred on and fevcnty-ninc, neglect to give notice of his intention to box of »ool. his green ftarch, or (hall neglect to infert in every fuch notice the particular frame, tub, or other utenfil, from which the {larch is intended to be boxed as aforefaid, or (hall not proceed or continue to box the whole quantity of ftarch in any fuch frame, tub, or other utenfil, after fuch notice as aforefaid, every fuch maker or makers of ftarch (hall, in every fuch cafe, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds; any law, cuftom, or ufage, notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Starchmaker That, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand t0 deliver to feven hundred and feventy-nine, every maker of ftarch (hall de- ^eferi rioiwrf liver to the officer who furveys his or their ftarch-houfe an ac- every room, count, in writing, containing as well an exaeft description of &c. by him’ each and every room and place, by him, her, or them, made ufed for mak« ufe of for the making, drying, or keeping of ftarch, as alfo of (larch, each and every vefiel or utenfil by him, her, or them, made ufe

of for the making of ftarch, before he, (he, or they, prefume to .. . A lf. ufe the fame; all which faid rooms and places, veflcls and utenfils, (hall be marked and numbered by, or by the direction numbered; of, the rcfpe&ive furveyors or fupervifors of excife who (urvejr the refpeftivc makers of ftarch, to whom fuch rooms and places, veflcls and utenfils, refpeitivdy belong, at the expence of fuch refpedive makers; and if any fuch maker of ftarch (hall make on forfeiture ufe of any room or place, veftel or utenfil, for the making of °f 5°l* ftarch, without giving fuch account as aforefaid, or before the fame (hall have been marked and numbered as aforefaid, or (hall refufe to pay for the marking and numbering the fame, he,

(he, or they (hall, for every fuch offence rcfpe&ively, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty poupds.

XIII.	And be it further enaded. That, from and ; ^er the when ftarch-

fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, makers break whenever any maker or makers of ftarch (hall have broken the jny pieces of ftarch from his, her, or their boxes, he, (he, or they, (hall boxes deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the officer of excife under t|)Cy ^a|| whole furvey fitch maker of ftarch (hall then be, an account in liver a parti-writing, of the true number of pieces broken from fuch box, cular account diftingiiiftijng, in fuch writing, the fixe of the different pieces, .t0 the under the different denominations following; that is to fay, 0	'

large, middling, and fmall, and how many pieces of each de-nominatibnare contained in each breaking from the boxes: and on forfeiture in cafe any fuch maker of ftarch (hall ncglcd to deliver to fuch of sooA

officer

Digitized by L,ooQle

25 4

When ftarch is put into the ftove for drying, the pieces to be fo placed that the officers may be able to count them.

Starchmakers to provide ladders, and affift the officers in taking account of the pieces of ftarch;

and to do nothing to ob-ftruft them therein;

on forfeiture of 100/.

Starchmaker to rive proper nonce to officer before he

Anno dccimo nono Georgii III. c.40.	[177$*

officer fiich account, in writing, diftinguifhing therein as afore-faid ; or if, after fuch account given in as aforefaid, any officer of excife (hall difcover, in any place whatfoever, entered or not entered, any increase in the number of pieces, or a greater number of the large or midling pieces than were particularly fpe-cified in fuch writing, then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch maker and makers of (larch (hall, for each offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds.

XIV.	And be it further cnadted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, whenever any maker or makers of (larch (hall put their (larch when feraped, or when put into the papers, into the (love or (loves for drying the fame, every fuch maker of (larch (hall place, or caufe to be placed, the feveral pieces of (larch fo put into fuch (love or ftoves, in fuch manner as that the officers of excife may have accefs to, and be able to count diftindlly the number of the feveral pieces of (larch fo put into fuch (love or ftoves.

XV.	And, that fuch officers of excife may, without inconvenience or hurt, be able to count the faid pieces in fuch ftove or ftoves, it is hereby enabled, That, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, every maker of (larch (hall provide proper ladders, and (hall affift the faid officers in taking an account of the (aid feveral pieces of ftarch in fuch ftove or ftoves ; and that no maker or makers of ftarch (hall, by himfelf, or by any other perfon, during the fpace of two hours after fuch officer (hall have entered the ftove of any fuch (larch-maker, for the purpofe of counting the number of pieces of (larch then in fuch (love, ftir or break up the fire under the faid ftove, nor (hall, during the faid fpace of two hours, whilft fuch officer remains in fuch (love, throw, or caufe to be thrown, upon the pan of fuch ftove, any dirt, meal, or other ingredient, whereby a fmoafc may be raifed, or the officer hindered or obftrudted in counting the pieces of ftarch in the faid dove: and if any fuch maker or makers of ftarch (hall not fo place the feveral pieces of ftarch in their refpedtive ftove or (loves as aforefaid, as that the officers of excife may diftindily count the fame; or if fuch maker or makers of ftarch (hall not provide proper ladders, or (hall not affift the faid officers in taking the account as aforefaid ; or (hall by ftirring up the fire, or by any means whatfoever, hinder or obftrudl the officers of excife from going into, and continuing in the faid ftove or doves, during the fpace of two hours, as aforefaid, or until fuch officer (hall have taken the account of all the faid pieces, if the fame (hall be done within the faid fpace of two hours 5 then, and in every fuch cafe, the perfon offending therein (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and.lofe the fum of two hundred pounds.

XVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Thar, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feveo hundred and feventy-niae, when any maker or makers

of

Digitized by

ij79.] Anno dccimo nono Georgii III. 0,46;	25^

of (larch (hall be defirous to break down any piece or pieces of break down (larch into fcrapings, or otherwife, he, (he, or they, (hall give *ny P,?cc‘ °* to the officer of excife of the divifion or diftridl where his, her,

Qr their ftarch-houfe is fituate, twelve hours notice, if fuch P S ftarch-houfe (hall be fituate within the limits of the chief office of excife in London; or if fuch ftarch-houfe (hall be in any other part of Great Britain, twenty-four hours notice of the particular time and hour when and at which he, (he, or they intend to break down fuch pieces of (larch into fcrapings, or otherwife; and in cafe fuch maker or makers of (larch (hall not begin and proceed to break down fuch pieces of (larch as aforefaid, at the time and hour mentioned in fuch notice, or within two hour4 next after, then every fuch notice (hall be, and is hereby declared to be, void; and every fuch maker and makers of ftarch (hall be, and is and are hereby obliged to give a frefh and like notice in manner aforefaid: and in cafe any fuch faaker' or on forfeiture makers of ftarch (hall negledl to give fuch firft notice, before °* ,00^ he, (he, or they, begin to break down fuch pieces of ftarch, or to infert in fuch notice the particulars herein-before required; or to give a frefh notice in manner aforefaid, every fuch maker of ftarch (hall, in every (uch cafe, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XVII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. If officer (Sal!

That, from and after the faid fifth aay of July* one thoufand find, drying feven hundred and feventy-nine, if any officer for the duties on In the ftove, (larch (hall difeover and find, in the ftove of (loves of any maker	°*

of ftarch, any piece or pieces of ftarch drying in fuch (love or which naac-(loves, of which no account had been before taken in the box count had Or boxes, by the officer for the duties on ftarch, then, and in ^enJ.akcilin* every fuch cafe, each and every fuch piece and pieces of ftarch Inakwfiiall (hall be deemed, and is and are hereby declared to be, ftarch forfeit ioo/# of which no account had been taken by the officer for the faid

duties upon ftarch ; and the maker or makers of fuch ftarch, in whofe ftove fuch piece or pieces (hall bedo difeovered and found, (hall forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, the fum of one hundred pounds.

XVIII.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, Starchmikef

That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven	thc	a

hundred and feventy-nine, if any maker of ftarch (hall, at any 0f

time whilfl his ftarch is in operation, and under water, mix, makings, or caufe to be mixed, any of thfc ftarch-waters of ohe making while hisftareh with thofe of another making, every fuch maker of ftarch (hall }*u"<Je'jT.atcrs forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, the fum of one hundred ^Qao / ^cept pounds, except fuch mixing be made in the prefence of an it be done m officer for the duties on ftarch.	prefence of aid

XIX.	And whereat fraudulent jlarch-makers have, in many in- officcr* fiances, been rather encouraged in carrying on their frauds, by reajon fj^ovin3 anv of the fmallnefs of the penalties already provided in tbefe cafes; now, ftarch? after ^ for the more effectual preventing the Uke frauds, be it further en- it is dried, out dfied by the authority aforefaid, That if, after the faid fifth day of of his ftove, July> one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-nine, any maker ^eighin^ancl

V oy'XXXU.	S	ofanwcount

»56

thereof taken by officers, ihall forfeit moo/, t

and concealing Itarch, with intent to defraud his Majefty, (hall forfeit 100/.

Starch maker obftru&ing officer in performing his duty, to forfeit 50/.

Penalties and forfeitures how td be re-, covered and applied.

General iffue.

' \

Treble cofts.

Anno dccimo nono Georgii III. c.40. [ 1779.

of ftarch (hall remove, or caufe to be removed, any quantity whatfoever of ftarch, after the fame (hall be dried, out of his, her, or their (love or ftoves, or out of any other place or places, made ufe of by them for the drying of ftarch, before the fame has been weighed, and an account takfen thereof, by the proper officer appointed for that purpofe, he, (he, or they, (hall refpeftively forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, the fum of two hundred pounds; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, if any maker of ftarch (hall fraudulently hide or conceal, or (hall caufe or fuffer to be hid or concealed, any ftarch, to the intent to deceive his Majefty of the juft duties chargeable on the fame, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the party fo offending (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds; any law, cuftom, or ufage, notwithftanding.

XXI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, if any maker of ftarch (hall obftruft or hinder any of the officers for the duties upon ftarch, in the execution of any of the powers and authorities given to him or them by this or any other aft, for the afeertaining and fecuring the duties upon ftarch, theperfon or perfons offending therein (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

AXII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed by this aft, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be fued for, recovered or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife; or by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfter, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, refpeftively; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall difeover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XXIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time of times, be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done in purfuance or by colour of this aft, or of any matter or thing in this aft contained, fuch perfon and perfons (hall and may plead the general iflue, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter, in evidence in his or their defence ; and if afterwards a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their aftion or profecution, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, than fuch defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP.

*

Digitized by V^OOQle

*S7

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georg 11 III. c. 41-43.'

CAP. XLL

An aft for granting a drawback of the duties, impofei by an aft of the kftfeffton of parliament, upon allforeign wines exported from Great Britain to any British colony or plantation in America, or to any Britifh fettlement in the Eaft Indies.

WHEREAS, by an aft of parliament, made in the eighteenth Preamble.'

year of his Majejlfs reign, {intituled, Ati a 61 for granting to Recital of an his Majefty feveral additional duties upon wines and vinegar aft igGco.3. imported into this kingdom,) it was, amongjl other things,provided and enafted, That, upon the exportation of any fort of wines (except French wines) from this kingdom to any Britifh colony or plantation in America as merchandize, the exporter fbould be paid and allowed a drawback of all the before-mentioned duties paid upon the importation effuch wine by virtue of the faid recited aft, except the fum of three pounds, thirteen /hillings, and fixpence per ton: And whereas, in order to promote and encourage the exportation of wines from this kingdom to the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, and to the Britifh fettlements in the Eaft Indies, it is expedient to allow . the drawback of all the duties granted by the faid recited aft upon the exportation of all foreign wines fo exported to thofe places; be it therefore enafted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-» thority of the fame. That, from and after the twenty-fourth day A drawback of April, one thousand feven hundred and feventy-nine, upon of all the du-the exportation of any French wine, or any other foreign wines, tles *ajd» hv from this kingdom, to anv Britifh colony or plantation in Ame- on the impor-nVtf, or to any Britifh fettlement in the Eaft Indies, as merchan- tation of fo-dize, the exporter fhall be paid and allowed a drawback of all the reign wines duties before-mentioned, which were paid upon the importation Jb*U be allow-of fuch wine by virtue of the faid hercin-before recited aft of ^ Marion parliament, made in the eighteenth year of his Majefty's reign; thereofto any thing in the laid aft to the contrary notwithftanding: which America, or drawback or allowance (hall be made in fuch manner, and un- the Eaft der fuch rules, regulations, fecurities, penalties, and forfeitures, IndlCf* in all refpefts, as any former drawback or allowance, payable out of the duties of cuftoms upon the exportation of fuch wine, was, could, or might be made, before the palling of this aft.

CAP. XLII.

An aft to enable the truftees for putting in execution an aft of the ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for building a bridge at Wor-ceHerover the river Severn, and for opening convenient avenues to the laid bridge, to finilh and complete the faid bridge, and to carry the purpofes of the faid aft into execution.

CAP. XLIII.

An aft for the more eafy and fpeedv recovery of fmall debts within the foake of Horrcaftte, and wapentakes of Wraggoe and Gartree (except the parifli of Great Sturton,) and within the wapentakes of Louth,

Eske, Ludborougb, and Calceworth, and the parishes of Wrangle,

Leake, Levcrton, Benington, Butterwick, Freifton, and Fifhtoft, in the hundred of Skirbeck, in the county of Lincoln,

S 2	CAP.

45$

V

Preamble! reciting the toleration aft t Gul. & Mar.

Proteftant diflenting mi-nifters, who (hall take the oaths and fubferibe the declaration againft popery required by the faid aft, and (hall alfo make and fubferibe the following declaration,

ihall be intit-led to all the privileges granted by the toleration aft, and by an aft 10 Ann. for confirming the lame, fee.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c.44?	[1779#

C A P. XLIV.

An aft for the further relief of protejlant dijfenting minifieri and fchoolmajiers.

WHEREAS, by an aft made in the fir ft year of the reign *f king William and queen Mary, (intituled. An aft for exempting their Majefties proteftant hibjefts,' diflenting from the church of England, from the penalties of certain laws,) perfons dijfenting from the church of England, in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, or pretending to holy orders, and preachers or teachers of any congregation of dijfenting protejlant s, are required, in order to be entitled to certain exemptions, benefits, privileges, and advantages, to declare their approbation of, and to fubfcribe, the articles of religion mentioned in the Jlatute made in the thirteenth year of the reign of Queen Elifabdth, (except as in the faid aft, mode in the fir ft year of the reign of' King William and Queen Mary, is excepted:) and whereas many fuck perfons fcruple to declare their approbation of, and to. fubferibe, the faid articles not excepted as qforefaid: forgiving rate to fuch fcrupulous perfons in the exercife of religion, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted;'and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by ttye authority of the fame, That every perfon diflenting from the church of England% in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, or pretending to holy orders, being a preacher or teacher of any congregation of dif-fenting proteftants, who, if he fcruple to declare and fubferibe as aforefaid, (hall take the oaths, and make and fubferibe the declaration againft popery, required by the faid aft, in the firft year of the reign of King [Villiam and Queen Mary, to be taken, made, and fubferibed by proteftant diflenting minifters, and (hall alfo make and fubferibe a declaration in the words following \ videlicet,

T A. B. do fotemnly declare, in the prefence of almighty God, that / ** am a chrijlian and*# proteftant, and as fuch, that I believe that the feriptures of the old ana new tefiament, as commonly received among protejlant churches, <do contain the revealed will of Godi and,that 1 do receive the fame as the rule of my doftrine and pra ft ice.

(hall be, and every fuch perfon is hereby declared to be, entitled to all the exemptions, benefits, privileges* and advantages, granted to proteftant diflenting minifters by the faid aft, made in the firft year of the reign of King fVilliam and Queen Mary; and by an aft, made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, (intituled. An aft for preferving the protejlant religion, by better jeeuring the church 4/England, as by law eftabiijhedi and for confirming the toleration granted to proteftant dijfcnters by an aft, in-tituled, An aft for exempting their Majefties proteftant fubjefts,

dif-

Digitized by

Google

*59

1779-1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 44I

diflenting from the church of England, from the penalties of certain laws; and for fupplying the defefts thereof; and for the further fecuring the protejlant fucceffm, by requiring the praftifers of the law in North Britain to take the oaths and fubferibe the declaration therein mentioned;) and the juftices of the peace at the general feffion of the peace to be holden for the county or place where any proteftant diflenting minifter (hall live, are hereby required to tender and adminifter the faid laft-mentioned declaration to fuch minifter, upon his offering himfelf to make and fubferibe the fame, and thereof to keep a regifter; and fuch minifter (half not give or pay,^as a fee or reward to any officer or officers belonging to the court aforefaid, above the fum of fix-pence for his or their entry of fuch mininfter’s making and fubferibing the faid laftrmentioned declaration, and taking the oaths, and making and fubferibing the declaration aeainft popery, required by the faid adt, made in the firft year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, to be taken, made, and fubferibed by proteftant diflenting minifters j nor above the fum of fixpence for any certificate thereof to be made out and figned by the officer or officers of the faid court; and every fuch per- ,nd fon, qualifying himfelf as aforefaid, (hall be exempted from f*om?erring ferving in the militia of this kingdom; and (hall alfo be ex- \n themilitia, empted from any imprifonment, or other puniftiment, by vir- and from any tue of an adt, made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the punifhipentby Teign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An oft for the uni- JJftof uni-formity qf publicl prayers, and a immigration offacraments, and other formity, &c. rites and ceremonies; and for ejiabli/hing the form of moling, ordaining, and confecrating, bijbops, priefs, and deacons, in the church i/*Engl?nd; or by an a£t made in the fifteenth year of the fame reign, intituled. An aft for relief of fuch perfons as by ficlnefs, or other impediment, were difabled from fubferibing the declaration in the aft of uniformity, and explanation of part of the faid aft; for preaching or officiating in any congregation of proteftant diflenters, for the exercifp of religion permitted and allowed by law.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Diflcnterf, That po diflenting minifter, nor any other proteftant diflenting qualifying from the church of England, who (hall take the aforefaid oaths,

and make and fubferibe the above-mentioned declaration againft low^Vto'in-" popery, and the declaration herein-before mentioned, (hall be ftru6tyouth, profecuted in any court whatsoever, for teaching and inftrudting youth as a tutor or fchool-mafter; any 1am or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding,

III.	Provided always, That nothing in this contained (hall Nodiflenter extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the enabling of any per- to hold the ion diflenting from the church of England to obtain or hold the maftcrfojpof mafterfhip of any college or fch&ol of royal foundation, or of fchoofof** °r any other endowed college or fchool for the education of youth, royal foun-unlefs the fame (hall have been founded fince the firft year of dation, &c. the reign of their late majefties King William and Queen Mary,

for the immediate ufe and benefit of proteftant diflenters.

IV.	And whereas it hath been doubted whether the faid aft, made The faidaa

S3	in	1 Gul*& Ma*r.

Digitized by

Google

iSo

and this aft, to be deemed publick afts.

Preamble.

Recital of two 3&J tx and 23 Ca^ 2;

and of an aft 1 Ann*.

Anno decimo none Georgii III. c.45.	[1779.

in the firfi year of the reign of King William and £>ueen Mary, be a publick or private aft; be it enafted and declared. That thefaid aft, and alfo this prefent aft, (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be publick afts; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftice^ and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading them, or either of them.

CAP. XLV.

An aft to enable the chancellor and council of the duchy ^Lancafter to fell and difpofe of certain fee farm rente, and other rents, and to enfranebife copyhold and cuftomary tenements, within ttyir furvey, and to encourage the growth of timber on lands held of thefaid duchy.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament, faffed in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the fecond, intituled, An aft for advancing the fale of fee-farm rent* and other rents yand by anothor aft, paffed in the twenty fecond and twenty-third years of the fame king, intituled, An aft for vefting certain fee-farm rents, and other finall rents, in truftees; or one of them, all the fee farm rents, rentsferuicey rents feck or dry rentsy chantry rents, guild rents, caflle guard rents, and other rents, within the furvey of the duchy of Lancafter, due and payable to the faid late King, bis heirs and fucceffors, {except as therein mentioned) were veft-ed in certain truftees, and their heirs, with powers for them to make fale thereoffor the benefit of the faid King, his heirs and fucceffors, with a provtfo therein contained, that until fale Jbould be made of the faid rents by the faid truftees, the King's receivers Jbould colie ft and re-ceive the fame; and whereas, by an aft of the fir ft year of the reign of her late majefly JQueen Anne, intituled, An aft for the better fupport of her Majefty’s houfehold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, fivers wholefome provifions were made for the preservation, improvement, and wereafe of the land revenues of the crown, and for preventing the alienation of any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, rents, tythes, woods, or other hereditaments, belonging to her faid late Majefly, her heirs or fucceffors, with a provifo therein contained, that the faid aft Jbould not difable the truflees for fale offee-farm and other rents, to execute any the trufts of the faid feveral afts of parliament herein-before mentioned: and whereas Jeve-ral of the fajd rents within the furvey of the faid dueby of Lancafter were fold under the faid authority fo given to the faid truftees, but the refedue thereof, conJifUng sf many fmall rents, arifing and payable in divers counties, remain unfold, the coliefting and payment whereof is not only chargeable to the crown, but is troublefome and inconvenient to the fubjeft; but forafmucb as the faid truftees, who were fix in number, are all long fence dead, and it has not been difeovered which of them was the furvivor, or who is or are the heir or heirs of fetch furvivor, or in whom the legal eftate in the faid unfold rents is now vefted, for which reafons no complete fale thereof can be effefted, nor a good title tnade theretox without the further aid of parliament: And whereas the Kings majefly is fetfed to bimfelf, his heirs and fucceffors• as parcel of the pojfejfms of the faid duchy ^Lancafter, of divers honours, manor ±

Digitized by v^ooQle

1779-1 Anno decimo nono GeoRGII III. C.45.	261

norsy and lordjhips, within which are divers tenants holding of his Afa-jefiy cujlomary or copyhold mejfuages, lands, and tenements, parcel of the faid honours, manors, or lordjbipsy in refpeft of which faid mejfu-6ges% lands,	tenements,	/fotenants are fubjefty upon defcent

or alienation thereof to the payment of fines, ///for arbitrary or certain, beriots, reliefs,	other dueSy according to the refpeftive cujloms of f

the faid honours, manors, /r lordJhipSy over and befides the yearly quit rents ijfuing and payable thereout: and whereas it would tend greatly to the relief of the Jaid tenants9 and to the improvement of their ref pettive efateSy if the fame could be enfranchtfed and difcharged from the faid burthens incident to their refpefliye tenures; but the fame can-toot be done without the aid of parliament: Be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the faid feveral recited a<5ls of the twen- Part of the ty-fecond year of the reign of King Charles the fecond, and the reci^^ twenty-fecond and twenty-third years of the reign of the fame "P0*1*1-King, as relates to or concerns any fee*farm rents, or other rents whatfocver, refraining unfold by the faid truftees, and now in the furvey or receipt of the duchy of Lancajler9 or the officers thereof, or to the appropriation of the money to arife by any fafe or fales thereof; and alfo fo much of the faid recited adt of the firft year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne9 as relates to or concerns any manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within or parcel of the honours, manors, or lordfhips of the faid duchy of Lancajler9 now held by copy of court-roll, or being of the nature of copyhold or of cuftomary tenure, or to any fines payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, upon defcent or alienation of the fame, fhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid. That Fee-farm all and Angular the faid fee-farm rents, and other rents, what- rents, &c. foever, remainingunfold by the faid truftees as aforefaid, and r«m«ningun* now in the furvey or receipt of the faid duchy, or the officers

thereof, fhall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be, in the be in thepof-adtual feifin and pofteffion of our fovereign lord the King, his feffion of his heirs and fucceffors, as parcel of the pofteffions of his faid duchy Majefty See. of Lancajler9 in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid recited adls had not been made.

III.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be law- chancellor ful to and for the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancajler and council fdr the time being, to fell and difpofe, and thereupon to grant of the duchy and* allure, in the name of the King’s frajefty, his heirs and fuc- fmrowered to ceffofs, under feal of the faid duchy, unto or to the ufe of the feu the faid refpeflive purchafers of the faid rents, and to their heirs for fee-farm ever, all and Angular fee-farm rents, rents fervice, rents feck or r«nt»»&c-dry rents, quit rents, chantry rents, guild rents, and other rents,

due and payable to the King’s majefty, as parcel of the pofleflions of his faid duchy, and now being within the furvey and receipt of the faid duchy, and the officers of the fame, at and for fuch

S 4	con-

Digitized by v^ooQle

2 6l

but not for left than 15 years pur-phafe.

Owner of the lands where -out the rents are payable* to be preferred in the pure hale ^hereof.

Form of grants.

Anno dccimo nono GeorGII III. €.45,	[1779,

confederations in money as the faid chancellor and cbuncil fhall think fir, not being lefs than after the rate of twenty-five years pijrchafe of the grofs amount of any fuch rent or rents; and that the feveral grants and affurances of any fuch rent or rents, to be fo made under the feal aforelaid, being inrolled in the court of the duchy chamber of Lancajlery within twelve calendar months next after the refpeftive dates thereof, (hall be good, valid, and effeftual in the law, unto the refpeftive grantees and their heirs, and that all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, his and their heirs, fucceffors, and af-figns, having and taking any fuch grant or affurance, and causing the fame to be inrolled as aforefaid, (hall, by force and virtue of this aft, be adjudged to be in the aftual feifin and poffef-fion of the rent or rents fo purchafed and conveyed, and (hall hold and enjoy the fame in perfect peace, freed and difeharged of and from all claims and demands which can or may be made by his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, or by any perfon or perr fons claiming any eftate, right, or interred, by, from, or under, the faid truftees, or the furvivor of them, and of and from all manner of incumbrances whatfoever, heretofore had or charged upon the fame rent$, and as fully and amply as his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or the faid truftees, or the furvivor of them, or his heirs, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame; and fhall have and enjoy, under their faid refpeftive purchases,.all and every the benefits and advantages for the recovery thereof, and the arrears thereof, as are or were given or allowed to pur-chafers of any rent or rents in and by the faid aft of the twenty-fecood year of King Charles the fecond, and by the (aid other aft of the twenty-fecond and twenty-third years of the fame King, and in as large and ample manner and form as if fuch pur-chafers had purchafed the faid rents under the truftees appointed or authorifed in and by, or under and by virtue of the powers contained in the faid afts, or either of them.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That the immediate owner of the lands and hereditaments whereout any of the faid rents are due, payable, or iffuing, (hall be preferred in the pur-chafe thereof refpeftively before any other, fo as fuch immediate owner (hall pay and difeharge all arrears of rent due from him or her, and tender himfelf or herfelf in perfon, or by his or her agent, to the (aid chancellor and council, to contraft for the pur-chafe thereof, and (hall perfeft his or her contraft, and pay the purchafe money into the hands of the receiver-general of the revenues of the faid duchy, on or before the fixth day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, at fuch rate as (hall be agreed upon, not being lefs than twenty-five years purchafe, as aforefaid.

V And be it further enafted, That all fuch grants and affurances (hall and may be made in the following form of words, as or nearly thereto as may be; (that is to lay,)

GEORGE

Digitized by v^ooQle

17^9-1 A11110 dedno nono Georgii III. c. 45.	'9.63

GEORGE the third, by tbi grace of God, y Great Britain,

France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, amf fo forth \

To all to whom theft prefent letters /ball come, greeting; know ye, that we, in confideration of the fum of	of

lawful money of Great Britain, paid into the hands of our receiver-general of the revenues of our duchy of Lancafter (as appears by the receipt of the faid receiver-general indorfed on thefe prefents,) and by and with the advife and confent of our chancellor and council of our faid duchy, do by thefe prefents grant, bargain, and fell, unto A. B. his heirs and ajftgns, all that rent of	[expreffing the rent

or rents,] ijfuing and payable out of	[briefly	defcribing

the lands or tenements chargeable] now or late paid or payable by	[mentioning the perfon or perfons, as the cafe may

be;] To, have and to hold the faid rent for rents] hereby bargained and fold, and all benefits and advantages thereunto belonging, unto and to the ufe of the faid A. B. his heirs and affgns,for ever; [In cafe there be any fubflfling leafe of the rent or rents fold, words to the following effe<St are to be added,] fubjeft neverthelefs to the term and interejl in the faid rent or rents now out(landing, by virtue of a leafe, granted under the feal of our faid duchy, bearing date on or about	[exprefling	the	date,]	unto	[exprefling

the leflee,] for a term of	[as	the	cafe	may	be,]	which

will expire on or about	[exprefling the time when the

leafe will expire.

Jn witnefs whereof, &c.

VI. And be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful Chancellor to and for the faid chancellor and council to treat and cbntraft, on and council the part of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, with any perfon ?f the duchy or perfons, holding any mefluages, lands, tenements, and here-	t0

ditaments, by copy of court-roll, or being of the nature of copy- lands, tene-hold, or of cuftomary tenure, or for which any fine is payable ments, &c. to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, on defeent or alienation, which are within and parcel of any of the honours, manors, or lordfhipsof the faid duchy of Lancajlcr, for the enfranchifement thereof, and for difcharging the fame, and all and every the present and future owners and tenants thereof, and their heirs, from the payment of all cuftomary fines, fines of ingrefs, and other fines, heriots, reliefs, quit rents, and other dues and payments, to which, by the reipe&ive cuftoms of fuch honours, manors, or lord (hips, they are now or would hereafter other-wife be fubjedt and liable, at and for fuch prices and confidera-tions in money to be paid for the fame, and upon fuch terms and conditions as (hall be agreed upon by and between the faid chancellor and council, and the perfon or perfons holding fuch mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments; and thereupon to convey' and aflure fuch refpetftive mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the name of the King's majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, under the feal of the faid duchy, to fuch •perfon or perfons, and their heirs refpedUvely, to be holden to fuch perfon or perfons, and their heirs refpc&ively, for ever, as

of

26+	Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 45. f 1779.

of the honour or manor whereof they are parcel, in free and common foccage, freed and difeharged from all fines, heriots, reliefs, quit rents, ond other cuftomary dues and payments, fuits and fervices, whatfoever; and that the deeds for conveying and affuring the fame (hall be made in the following form of Words, or as nearly thereto as may be; (that is to fay,)

Term of	EORGE the thirds by the grace of God\ of Great Britain,

deeds of	France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faiths and fo

conveyance, prt^. cfQ tQ w^om thefe our prefent letters Jhall come, greeting:

\	*	know	ye, that we, in confederation of the fum of	ef

lawful money of Great Britain, paid into the hands of our receiver-general of the revenues of our duchy of Lancafter, by A. B. one of our copyhold or cufeomary tenants of the	[as	the cafe may

be,] as appears by the receipt of our faid receiver-general, indorfed on thefe prejents, and by and with the advice and confent of our chan• eellor and council of our faid duchy, do hereby releafe and confirm unto the faid'A. B. and his heirs, for ever, all that	[deferibing

the premifes;] To have and to hold the premifes hereby releafed, with their appurtenances, unto and to the ufe of the faid A. B. ana his heirs, for every to be holiden of the honour or manor of which the fame is or are parcel, in free ana common foccage, freed and difeharged of end from all and all manner of fines, heriots, reliefs, quit rents, and other dues and payments, fuits, fervices, and cuflortts whatfoever, to *	which	the fame, or any part thereof, are now JttbjeR, and to be and

continue as freehold lands; [and in cafe there be any fubfifting leafe of the faid fines, heriots, reliefs, quit rents, dues, payments, or cuftoms, words to the following eflfedt are to be added] fubjett neverthelefs to the payment of the ufual and accufeomed fines, heriots, reliefs, quit rents, and other dues, [or as the cafe may be,] during the term and intend now outftanaing by virtue of a leafe thereof granted under the Jeal of the faid duchy, bearing date on or about [exprefling the date,] unto C. D .for a term	[as

the cafe may be,] which will expire on	[exprefling the

time when the fubfifting leafe will expire.] In witnefs, &c*

The aforefaid VII. And be it further enadted, That the faid feveral and re-grants, &c» fpeflive grants, conveyances, and aflurances, in the refpedtive of theduchCal ^orms aforefaid, under the feal of the faid duchy, (hall be good, to bevsdid m Efficient, valid, and effedtual in the law, for granting and aflur-law.	ing	the	faid	rents	unto	the	feveral	purchasers	thereof,	and their

heirs for ever, and alfo for conveying and affuring the faid mef-fuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, therein refpedlively to be comprifed, enfranchifed, and difeharged, unto and to the ufe of the feveral and refpedtive perfons^herein to be named, and their heirs for ever; any thing contained in the faid recited adt of the firft year of Queen Anne to the contrary thereof notwith-ftanding; and that the inrollment of the' faid grants, conveyances, and aflurances, in the court of duchy chamber of Lan-cajler, (hall be of the fame force and validity as inrollments of bar-* gains and fales in any of the four courts at JVeJlminfier.

i	VIII.	Provided

Digitized by t^ooQle

1779*1 Anno dccimo none Georgji III. C.45.	265

VIII.	Provided always, That where any leafe of any of the provifo relat-aforefaid rents, fines, heriots, reliefs, or other cuftomary dues or ing to fucti payments, hath been granted under the feal of the laid duchy rents, fines, for any term now fubfifting, that then, and in every fuch cafe, no^^der the faid grants, conveyances, and aflitrances, fo far as the fame ieafe. relate to or concern any of the hereditaments comprifed in fuch

leafe, (hall commence and take effe& only upon or from the expiration or determination of fuch leafe refpedively; and that fuch an abatement (hail be made in the purchafe-money for the hereditaments fo in leafe, as (hall be agreed upon between the faid chancellor and council, and the refpe&ive purchafers or per-fons therein refpe&ively named; and that the perfon or perfons entitled to the benefit of foch leafe, (hall and may have and take all fuch remedies in the law, for recovering and enforcing the payment of the feveral and refpe&ive rents, fines, heriots, reliefs, and other cuftomary dues and payments, during the continuance of fuch leafe, as he, (he, or they would, could, or might have had or taken in cafe this a& had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And whereas it may be convenient to perfons who are feifei of Tenants for tepybold lands and ejlates, [being within and parcel of the honours, lifeofcopy-

> manors, or lordjhips, of the faid duchy d/*Lancafter,) as tenants for

life only, to have thefame enfrnnehifed, be it therefore ena&ed by chafrentnui-the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for all chifement fuch tenants for life, who are or (hall be feifed of any fuch thereof* copyhold lands and eftates as aforefaid,and they are hereby autho-rifcd and impowered to contract and agree with the faid chancellor and council for the enfranchifement, and for the purchafe of timber thereon for difeharging the faid copyhold lands and eftates from the payment of all cuftomary fines, fines of ingrefs, and other fines,' heriots, reliefs, quit remits, and other dues and payments, to which, by the refpedtrve cuftoms of fuch honours, manors, or lordfhips, the fame are now,or would hereafter other-wife be fubjedt and liable to, and to pay to the faid chancellor and council fuch price or confideration as (hall be agreed on for the fame: and after any fuch mefluages, lands, tenements, or char3L hereditaments, (hall be fo enfranchifed and difeharged from fuch ukh the pay-fines, rents, dues, and payments, as aforefaid, it IhaH and may me»t of the7 be lawful for the refpecSive owners and proprietors thereof, being faid purchafe tenants for life as aforefaid, to charge fuch copyhold lands and moncy* eftates with the payment of the money to be paid for the enfranchifement thereoY, and for difeharging the fame from fuch fines, rents, dues, and payments, as aforefaid; and for fecuring the repayment of fuch money, with intereft, by deed or deeds, writing or writings, under their refpe&ive hands and feals, to be duly executed by them, and attefted by two or more credible witnelfes, to grant, mortgage, leafe, or demife, or otherwife fubjeft the lands and eftates fo charged as aforefaid, unto fuch perfon or jTerfons as (hall advance and lend the fame refpec-tively, for any term or number of years, fo as fuch grant, mort-gage, reafe, or demife, be made with a provifo or condition to

ceafe

Digitized by LjOOqIc

jT

266

Grants, &c. where the confideration (hall not exceed iol. not fubjcft to damp duty.

Enfranchifed premifes to remain fubjedt to entails, fettlemcnts, &c«

Grants to be made at tbe expence of the grantees. Officers fees.

Anno dedmo nono Georgii III. c.45. [1779*

ceafc and be void, or with an exprefs trud to be furrendered, when the money thereby to be fecured, with the interred thereof, (hall be fully paid and fatisfied; and alfo with a covenant, that fuch refpedfcivc tenants for life fhall pay and keep down the intered of the money to be thereby refpedtively fecured during their refpedtive lives, in fuch manner that no perfon afterwards coming into pofTeffion of any fuch lands and eftates, (hall be fubjedt or liable to pay any further or larger arrear of intered than for one year preceding the time when the title to fuch poffefllon fhall accrue and commence; and every fuch grant, mortgage, leafe, or demife, fo to be made as aforefaid, (hall be good, valid, and effedtual in the law, for the purpofes thereby intended, notwithdanding any fettlement, will, trud, ufe, remainder, limitation, or other incumbrance, of and concerning the fame lands and edates, or any part or parts thereof, then in being or capable of taking effedt,

X.	And be it further enadted, That where the money to be paid as the confideration for any fuch grant, conveyance, or af-furance, and fhall not exceed the fum of ten pounds, fuch grants, conveyances, and afTurances, under the feal of the faid duchy, mail be fubjedt to no damp-duty for the fame; and where the confideration money to be paid fhall exceed ten pounds, that the faid grants, conveyances, and afTurances, (hall be fubjedt only to fuch damp duty as is or are, or hereafter may be by law requifite for any deeds, whereby lands, tenements, or hereditaments, are conveyed.

XI.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That all and lingular the premifes to be enfranchifed and difcharged as aforefaid, under and by virtue of this adt, fhall, from and after the con* veyance and aflfurance thereof refpedtively, remain, enure, continue, and be fubjedt and liable to all fuch entails, wills, fettle-ments, mortgages, leafes, judgements, ufes, truds, limitations, remainders, reverfions, and all other incumbrances, as the fame premifes now are, or at the time of the making fuch conveyances and afTurances thereof fhall or may be fubjedt and liable to, in as large and ample manner and form as if this adt had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithdanding.

XII.	And be it further enadted, That the grants and aflu-rances to be made under the feal aforefaid by virtue of this adt, fhall be fued forth and inrolled in manner herein-before diredted, at the expence of the refpedtive grantees therein to be named; and that the feveral fees hereafter mentioned, and no more, fhall be charged for the fame by the officers of the faid duchy; (that is to fay)

Fo?

M	-	'

Digitized by L^ooQle

1779*] Anno dccimo nano Georgii III. c. 45.

267

For grants of rents.

To the regifter, for drawing and entering 1 the order for every cotftradl -	-3

To the auditor, for the particular and cer- ? tificate for the grant -----	3

To the clerk of the council, for drawing, ) ingroffing, and inrolling the grant -	3

For parchment 1 s. (or its real coft, if exceeding is. befides the ftamp-duty, any required) -

To the fealer, for the feal and wax

For the grant per every ad of a angle

ex-1

h ifj

/. S. d.

050

050 o 10 o

010

040

ditional rent in the Dune

grant. For grantf of

/. d. reat“

010

030

050.

000

010

Total of fees for grant of a Angle rent

J 5°l

And for every additional rent contained in the fame grant -	-	5

For alfurances for the enfranchifemcnt of copyhold or cuftomary tenements.

For enfran-chifement.

The whole charge, when the deTeripti-on* of the parcel* do not exceed fixty word*.

To the regifter, for drawing and entering ) the order for every contract - -	3	0

To the auditor, for the particular and cer- ' ficate -

To the clerk of the council, for drawing, 3 ingroffing, and inrolling the aflurance J

For parchment is. (or its real coft, if exceeding i s. befides the ftamp-duty; any required) -

To tbe fealer, for the feal and wax - -

/• I* dm

5 o



o 50 o 10 o

0X0

040

The further charge for every thirty words in ex* cef*, where the deferip. tioas of the parcel* ne-ceflarily exceed fixty words.

/. s. d.

010

0 10 0 10

000

000

Total for every aflurance, where the de-1

feriptionsr of the parcels do not exceed > i 50 fixty words -	)

Total for -every thirty words in excefs, where the! deferiptions of the parcels exceed fixty words - I

030

Digitizi



268	Anno	decimo	nono	Georgii III. 0.45;	[177$*

Monies to XIII. And be it further enadled, That all the monies toarife

o?rent*for ^	^	rcnts>	or l^e cnfranchifement and dif-

^7nfran°-r charging of any copyhold or cuftomary meffuages, lands, tene-chifement, to ments, or hereditaments, under and by virtue of this adt, (hall be paid to the be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the revenues recntcr-gene- Qf ^ ducby of Lantajler for the time being, and his fucceffors ; ****	and that the purchafers (hall not bfe liable to fee to the applica-

tion thereof, but that the receipts and acquittances of the faid receiver-general for the faid monies, (hall be a full difcharge to and laid out the purchafers for the fame; and the faid monies (hall from time in the pur- to time, as tbe fame (hall be paid in and received, be laid our, in thVname^ ^y the or(*er l^c ^ c^lncc^or ant^ council, in the purchafe of the dlichy of three per centum bank confolidated annuities, or in any of ofLancaiten the publkk funds, transferable at the bank of England, in the name of the duchy of Lancajler; in which name the governor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorifed and required to permit transfers to be made of the faid annuities, funds, or (lock, fo purchafed, and fuch transfers to be accepted by the receiver-general of the revenues of the faid duchy for the time being, who is hereby required to accept the fame accordingly 5 and that all and every the annuities, fund, or (lock, to be fo purchafed and accepted, (hall remain inveded in the name of the duchy of Lamajler, and (hall not be transferred, or transferable, without the authority of parliament; but all the intered of the faid annuities, funas, and dock, (hall be from time to time paid, by the faid governor and company of the bank of England, unto the receiver-general of the faid duchy for the time being, and his fucceffors, (whofe receipts (hall be a fufficient difcharge for the fame,) as parcel of fhe revenues of the faid duchy, and (hall be charged upon, and be anfweredand accounted for by him to the King's majedy, his heirs and fucceffors, accordingly, fubjelt to all fuch charges, incumbrances, and outgoings, if any fuch there be (taxes only excepted,) as the faid rents now are, or would have been chargeable with, or fubjed unto in cafe this a<5l had not been made. t Claufc for en-	XIV.	And whereas divers lands and tenements, parcel of the faii

coiiraging the duchy <?/Lancader, are held by Jundry perfons, by virtue of grants growrh ot	jtrom the crown under the feal of the faid duchy, infee-farm, in feme

umber.	of which grants all timber and other trees to arife and grow in tbe

lands thereby granted, are excepted and referved to the crown: And whereas divers other lands9 parcel of the faid duchy, are heldbyleafes granted under the feal thereof for terms of life or years, wherein all timber and other trees are alfo excepted and referved to tbe crown : And whereas fundry parts of the faid lands fo held in fee-farm or by hafey would, if planted for the production of wood and timber, pro-dvee a greater profit than in a courfe of hujbandrpr, and if the respective fee farmers and lejfees thereof were to be benefited by raffing and planting trees for timber and other purpofes thereon, they might be encouraged fo to do, to the great utility of thepublick; be it therefore enaded. That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid chancellor and council to contract with the owners of lands,

held

Digitized by v^ooqIc

*779*] Anno decimo nono GeoRGH III. C.46,47.	269

Yield of the faid duchy in fee-farm, for the abfblute fale of all timber trees and other trees growing, or hereafter to grow or arife, in or upon fuch lands refpe&ively, at and for fuch prices or coniiderations as (hall be agreed upon and mentioned in and by fuch contracts refpeilively; and thereupon to grant, fell, and releafe, under the feal of the faid duchy, in the name of his (aid Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, unto the faid feveral and re-fjpeftive owners of fuch fee-farm lands* and their heirs for ever, all and fingular the faid timber trees and other trees, which in and by fuch fee-farm grants are or were excepted and referved to the crown ; and that fuch contrails, grants, faJes, and releases, (hall be valid and effectual unto fuch refpeitive owners of the faid fee-farm lands, for granting, felling, and releafing, unto them and their heirs for ever, all fuch timber trees and other trees, any law or ufitge, or any thing contained in fuch grants of lands in fee-farm, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XV. And be it further enaited, That it (hall and may be Chancellor . lawful to and for the faid chancellor and council, by their order and council to be made in court of revenue, to authorife and dir^it the fur- jnayauthorife veyors of the Woods for the fouth and north parts refpeilively ofwoodt^o** of the faid duchy for the time being, to treat with, and to enter agree with into any contrail or agreement on the part of his Majefty, his leflearelat-heirs and fucceffors, to and with fuch leflee or leffees, for fecur- j.ni tofth.e ing unto fuch leflee or leflees, and his, her, and their executors, frceV^c. adminiftrators, and afligns, fuch a fair and reafonable allowance	*

or proportion of all monies which (hall, at anytime during the term and intereft of fuch leflee or leflees under their refpeitive leafes, arife by fale of timber trees, or other trees, or wood, within the lands (b to be held and occupied by him, her, or them, as (hall be fettled and agreed upon between the faid fur-veyors refpeilively, and the fyid leflee or leflees or any of them ; and alfo for allowing unto fuch leflee or leflees, at the end and expiration of their refpeitive leafes, a like fair and reafonable allowance and proportion in money for all timber and other trees which (hall be then left (landing and growing in and upon their refpeitive farms, according to the value of fuch timber and other trees refpeilively; which agreements, being confirmed by order of the faid chancellor and council, (hall be valid and effieilual to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

CAP. XLVI.

An ait for building a new gaol and houfe of correction for the county of

Pembroke.

CAP. XLVII.

An ail to indemnify fuch perfoos as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments $ and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for thole purports; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omitted to be

(tamped

Digitized by

Google

r

376	Anno	decimo	nono	Georgii III. c. 48.	[1^79.

ft am pc d according to law, or, having been damped, have been loft or mi (laid; and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly ftamped; and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors.

Preamble. Perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves agreeable to aft 1 Geo. 1. Aft 13 Car. a. Aft «5 Car. a Aft 30 Car 1. Aft 8 Geo. 1.

• Aft 9 Geo. *. Aft 18 Geo. *. and aft 6 Geo. 3 before the paffing of this aft j and who (hall, on or before Dec. 15,1770, qualify themfelves, (haft be indemnified againft forfeiture^. Not to indemnify any perfon for any penalty incurred by neglefting to qualify bimfelf. Perfons producing appointments and admiifiont before Dec. *5, 1779, (ball be confirmed, and qualified to aft as clerk, Officer, or member of corporations, &c. may enjoy all offices into which they lure been elefted; and (hall be indemnified from all penalties and damages incurred by reafon of dmiffions. Not to extend to reftcre pe Tons to any office avoided by judgment. Perfon* who (hall caufe affidavits to be filed before Michaelmas term, 1779, art indemnified and difcharged from penalties. Perfons profecated and here* by meant to be indemnified, may plead the general ifiiie.

CAP. XLVIII.

An ad to explain fo much of an a Cl, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for the encouraging and encreafing of (hipping and navigation, as relates to the importation into this kingdom, and other his Majeftys dominions, of'goods and commodities of the growth or production of Africa, Afia, or America, which are manufactured in foreign parts 3 for preventing maflers of Jbips removing their vejfels out of the fir earn, except to the lawful quays, in the port of London,-before the goods are difebargea, or their vejfels are cleared by the proper officers inxvards or outwards 3 and for allowing the officers of the cujloms and excife to make ufe of lights on board Jhips in the haven, dock, or bafon, at the port of Kingfton upon Hull.

Preamble. \AT HEREA*	™di	Jbe	<tbi

V V reign of Kthg Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for

Recital of the the encouraging and ehtreafing of (hipping and navigation 3 it navigation aft was, amongft other things, enabled, That no goods or commodities of is Car. 2, the growth, production, or manufacture, of Africa, Afia, or America, fhall be imported or brought into England, Ireland, Wales, the iftonds of Guernfey or Jerfey, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, from any other tlace or places, country or countries, but only from thofe of the faid growth, production, or manufacture, or from thofe ports where the faid goods and commodities can only, or art or ufually have been fir ft /hipped for tranfportation, and from none other places or countries, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all fuch of the aforefaid goods as fhall be imported from any other place or country, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid aCl, ett alj'o of the /hip in which they were imported, with all her guns, fur-tiiture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel: and whereas doubts have crifcn whether fuch goods, if carried from the place or country oftbt growth or production into any foreign parts of Europe, and manufactured there, may not be imported from thence into this kingdom, and other of his Majeftfs dominions in the fgid ad mentioned: and

11	whereas



Digitized by LiOOQle

1779-1 Anno dccimo nono GfioRGii III. C. 48.	271

whereas the importation of fuch goods and commodities fo manufactured would be very prejudicial to the trade and navigation of Great Britain, and would tend to the ruin of feveral artificers and labourers, whofe families are fupported by the manufacturing fuch goods and commodities in this kingdom: be it therefore enafted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand Explanation feven hundred and feventy-nine, the faid in part recited'all, of	th0

the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to permit any goods or commodities whatfoever, of the growth or production of Africa,

Afia, or America, which fhall be in any degree manufactured in foreign parts, to be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, Ireland, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, or Man, except and unlefs the fame (hall be fo manufactured in the country or place of which the faid goods and commodities arc the growth and production, or in the place where fuch goods and commodities can only or are firft (hipped for tranfportation, and from no other place or country whatfoever, under the penalties and forfeitures in the faid aft mentioned \ any cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

ft. Provided neverthelefs, That this aft (hall not reftrain or Certain goods prohibit the importation of oil of cloves, oil of cinnamon, oil ofthe ijnportatU mace, and oil of nutmegs, or of any goods or commodities „2t rSiibited which are permitted to be imported into this kingdom, under by ttaisaft! particular circumftances and reftriftions, by any fubfequent aft or afts of parliament which are now in force.

III.	And whereas Jhips and vejjels ariving at the port of London Penalty on from Holland and Flanders, and other foreign parts, and alfo Jhips mailers of and veffels outward bound from the faid port to foreign parts, are fhipa remov-frequently removed from the lawful quays, or out of the Jlream, to lie at anchor clofe to the back-doors of the houfes of the maflers of ftream, ex-fuch veffels, or at the publick houfes frequented by fuch maflers on the cept to the fide of the river Thames, before they are difeharged and cleared by lawful quays, the proper officers of the cufioms, whereby cambricks, lace, India felks, London°be-and other prohibited goods, are very often run from on board fuch fore ^’goods veffels, to the detriment of the revenue and fair trader; for remedy are difeharg-whereoffor the future, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, «d, &c.

That from and after the firfl day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy nine, if any (hip or vefiel, coming or arriving from foreign parts, within the limits of the port of Lon-don, (ha)l be removed out of the ftream, except to the lawful

Ss, before all the goods are difeharged out of fuch (hip or I; or if any (hip or veflel, outward-bound from the faid port of London to any foreign parts, having any goods or merchandize on board thereon, (hall, during her continuance in the faid port* be fo removed out of the ftream,except to the lawful quays, unlefs upon any accident or emergent occafion, immediately to be made known to the commifiioners or principal officers of his , Vot. XXXII.	T	Majefty’s

Digitized by L.ooQle

272	Anno	decinio	nono	Georgh III. C.48.	[1779-

Majefty’s cuftoms, and their confent for thofe refpeftive pur-pofes obtained 5 the matter, purfer, or other perfon taking charge of every fuch (hip or veflel, (hall forfeit and lofe the furo of one hundred pounds for each and every fuch refpeftive offence ; one moiety whereof fhall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms as fhall inform, profecute, or fue for the fame, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVefiminfler. Recital of an IV. And whereas by an aft oj parliament, made in the fourteenth aft *4. Gto; 3. year of the reign of his prefent Majefy, intituled, An aft for making and eftablithing publick quays or wharfs at Kingflon upon Hull* for the better fecuring his Majefty’s revenues of cuttoms, and for the benefit of commerce ig the port of Kingflon upon Hull; for making a bafon or dock, with refervoirs, fluices, roads* and other works, for. the accommodation of veffels ufing the faid port; and for appropriating certain lands belonging to his Majefty, and for applying certain fums of money out of his Majefty’s cuftoms at the faid port, for thofe purpofes ; and for eftablifhing other necefTary regulations within the town and port of Kingflon upon Hull; it is, amongji other things, enafted. That no perfon whatfoever Jbdll have or keep, or caufe to be had or kept, any fire, candle, or lamp, lighted (except in the manner in the faid aft for that purpofe mentioned) on board any Jhip or veffel within the haven, dock, or bafon, by the faid aft direfted to be made, in the faid port of Kingfton upon Hull, (the veffels employed as ferry-boats only exceptedJ, at any time or times whatfoever, between the twenty-ninth day of September and the twenty-fifth day of March, in every year, after the hour of feven in the evening, and before the hour of feven in the morning \ nor at any time or times whatfoever, between the twenty fifth day of March and the twenty-ninth day of September, in every year, after the hour of eight in the evening, or before the hour of five in the morning, upon pain of forfeiting, for every offence, the Jum of three pounds: and whereas, in order to prevent the clandefiine running of cujlomable and prohibited goods from on board Jhips or veffels in the night, it is absolutely neceffary that the tidefmen, and other officers of his Majefifs ctffioms and excife,fiationed on board, and appointed to guard fuch veffels for the fecurity oj the publick revenues, Jhmld have liberty to vfe lights, properly fecured, during their flay on board. as occafton may require > The faid aft be lt t^eref°re enafted by the authority afocefaid. That the faid not to extend recited aft, or any part thereof, (hall not extend, or be con-jto reftrain any ftrued to extend, to reftrain or prohibit any officer or officers officer of the Gf hJs Majefty’s cuftoms or excife from ufing lighted candles on board any fliip or veflel in the faid haven, dock, or bafon, in ufing lights fuch lanthorns, guarded or properly fecured againft accidents of on board any fire, as the colleftor of his Majefty’s cuftoms, and the colleftor veflel in the or other principal officer of exdfe, and the governor or chair-iSn^tonupon man	dock	company at the port of Kingflon upon Hull,

Hull. P fhall at any time think proper to direct and approve of for that purpofe; nor fhall any fuch officer or officers be liable to any penalty or forfeiture for having or keeping, or caufing to behad

or

Digitized by L.ooQle

\

1779.] Anno dccimo nono Georgii III. 0.49.-

or kept, fuch lights, in lanthorns fecured as aforefaid, on boarJ fuch (hip or veffel; any thing in the faid recited a& to the contrary notwitbftanding.

CAP. XLIX.

An aft to prevent abufes in the payment of wages to perfons employed in the bone and thread lace manufactory.

WHEREAS the practice of paying perfons employed in the Preamble* making of bone and thread lace, in the whole or in pare with goods injlcad of money, is a great injury to the lace-makers, and tends to the difeouragement of the lace manufacture: and whereas it would tend to encourage the manufacture of bone and thread lacex if the perfons employed therein were in future to be paid in money only, and if fotne provifton was made for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fuch money ; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and Afterjune after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hun- >77$* al1 Pfr‘-dred and feventy-nine, all lace merchants and dealers in lace, e^i^any * and all other perfons who fhall employ any perfon or perfons Ucc manutac-in the making of bone or thread lace, or who fhall buy any twers, or fhall bone or thread lace of the maker or makers thereof, fhall and purchafe lace are hereby required to pay fuch perfon or perfons for their la- °£ ^them in bofcr, and for all the lace fo bought of them, in money only, moneyt^nd and not with goods, or by way of truck, or in any other man- not with ner whatfoever, either in the whole or in part, any ufage or goods $ cuflom to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

II. And be it further ena&ed and declared, That if any lace on penalty of merchant or dealer in lace, or other perfon, fhall, after the faid 101* twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, pay any perfon or perfons employed in making bone or thread lace, in the whole or in part, for their labour, or for the purchafe of any bone or thread lace, with goods, or by way of truck, or in any other manner than with money only, every fuch l^ce merchant, dealer in lace, or other perfon, fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, to be levied and recovered by diftrefs and fale of *° the goods and chattels of the offender, by warrant, under the rcfi* hand and feal of any one juftice of the peace, within the county, city, or place, where fuch offence fhall be committed ; render- ' ing the overplus, if any, to the owner or owners of fuch goods and chattels, after dedu&ing the reafonable charges of fuch warrant, diftrefs and fale ; and fuch forfeitures, when recovered, 0n failure of fhall be paid to the party or parties aggrieved ; and for.want of diftrefs, of-fufficient diftrefs, fuch juftice fhall, and is hereby authorifed and fender to be required to commit the offender to the common gaol, prifon, or comncutlcd« houfe of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprizfe, for the fpace of fix calender months, unlefs fuch penajty, and

T z	the

How lace-mikers may recover debts due to them for lace fold, or for making thereof.

Perfons ag. grieved may appeal to the quarter lefli-ons |

on giving 14 days notice.

Preamble.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 50. f 1779. the charges attending the recovery thereof, (hall be fooner paid and fatisfied.	'

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June^ one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nirfe, if any fum or fums of money (hall be due and owing to any perfon or perfons employed in the making of any bone or thread lace, for his or her labour, or for the purchafe of any fuch lace, every fuch perfon (hall and may apply to any juftice of the peace for the county, city, or place, where the caufe of complaint (hall arife; and in cafe it (hall, upon the oath of the party complaining, (which oath fuch juftice is hereby impowered to adir.inifter), appear to fuch juftice that fuch money is due and owing as aforefaid, then ftich juftice (hall and is hereby authorifed and required to caufe the fame to be levied and recovered in the fame manner as the forfeiture herein-before impofed is directed to be levied and recovered.

IV.	Provided always, That if any perfon (hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any thing done in purfudnee of this aft, it (hall and may be lawful for any fuch perfon to appeal to the juftices of the peace, at any general quarter feflions to be hold-fen for the county, city, or place, where the aft, order, or proceeding, appealed againft (hall be made or done, within fix calendar months next after the making or doing thereof, the perfon appealing firft giving fourteert days previous notice to the perfon or perfons in whofe favour fuch aft, order, or proceeding, (hall be made or done, of his or her intention to bring fuch appeal; and the juftices at fuch quarter feflions are hereby authorifed and required to hear and determine the matter of every fuch appeal, and to make fuch order therein, add to award fuch cofts to either party, as they (hall think proper, and by their order or warrant to levy the cofts which (hall be fo awarded by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the perfon or perfons liable to pay the fame, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners of fuch goods and chattels, after deducting the reafonable charges of fuch diftrefs and fale ; and the determination of the juftices in the faid quarter fefiions (hall be final, binding, and conclufive upon all the parties.

CAP. L.

An aH for more effectually preventing frauds by private difillers\ andfor the better fecuring the duties on low wines and fpirits.

WHEREAS the duties on low wines and fpirits are greatly dimitiijhed, and the fair trader much injured, by means of fmallfills privately made ufe offor making and difilling low wines and fpirits; and whereas, notwithflanding the many laws already made for fecuring thefe duties, and for protecting the fair trader, many grofs frauds are daily praCtifed by evil-minded and indigent perfons* who are encouraged in fuch practices from the great length of time

allowed

Google

1779*3 Anno declmo nono Georgii III. d. 50.	175

allowed by thofe laws for the payment of the duties arifing from low wines andfpirits; now, for remedy of thefe mifehiefs, be it en-adted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the ad- • vice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, and by the authori- . ty of the fame, Thar, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, every per-, ^/verV4, fon or perfons making or keeping any wafti lit for diftillation, pe?fbn mak-and having in his, her, or their occupation, poflefllorr, or Cufto- ingwalhfor dy, any ftTll or ftills, the cubick contents of which, when the diftillation,; head is on, will amount to two gallons or upwards, proof being h^poflVirion” thereof made, by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or a ftfti 0f the witnefles, before any one or more of the commiflioners of excife cubick confer the time being, or before one or more of his Majefty’s jufti- tents of two ces of the peace, who are hereby refpeftively impowered to ad-minifter the fame, (hall be deemed and taken to be common common dif-diftillers for fale, and (hall be liable to the feveral rates and tiller, &c. duties of cxcife, and be fubjedl to the furvey of the officers of excife, and to the feveral penalties, fines and forfeitures, impof-ed by act or adls of parliament now in force, in any wife relate ing to diftillers; any law, ftatutc, or ufage, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

II. And whereas, by an aft, pajfed in the tenth and eleventh yeqrs Recital of to of the reign of King William the third, intituled, An adt to pro-& 11 0lft 3> hibit the cxceflive diftilling of fpirits and low wines from corn, cap’ and againft the exporting of beer and ale, and to prevent frauds in diftillers, it was, amongjl other things, enafled, That if any of* ficer of excife Jbould, under the authority of a warrant from a juftice of the peace, difeover and find any private and concealed fiill, backy or veffcly fpirits, low wines, or materials preparing for di'fiiU lotiony that in fucb cafe every fuch fiilly backy or other vejfely and alfo fuch fpirits, low wineSy and materials for difi illation, fhould be abfolutely forfeited, and that the per fon or perfons claiming the fame Jbould forfeity for every place in which fucb fiilly backy or other vef-Jel, Jbould be found, and alfo for every fuch fill, back, or other veJJ'el, found therein^ the fum of two hundred pounds: and whereas by one other al1, pajfed in the tenth and clrjenth years of the reign of King William the third, intituled, An adt for laying further duties up- and cap. »*• on fweets; and for leflening the duties as well upon vinegar as upon certain low wines and whale fins, and the duties upon brandy imported; and for the more cafy railing the duties up* on leather; and for charging cinders; and for permitting the importation of pearl a(hes; and for preventing abufes in the brewing of beer and ale, and frauds in the importation of tobacco; it was enafled, That the proprietor of any private fiilly back, or other vejfely which jbould be dtfeovered, according to the directions of the before recited aft, or the per fon in whofe cufiody the fame fiwuld be found, fbould forfeit and lofe, for every fuch fiilly back, and other vejfely the fum of two hundred pounds: and whereas it may be doubted whether, upon the difeovery and finding of private and con -cededJlills, backs, and other veffels, and of fpirits, low wines, or

T 3	materials,

Digitized by

Google

Officer of cx-

cile difcover-ing any private (till, &c. or any mate

Anno declmo nono Georgii III. c. 56.	[1779.

materials, preparing for diftillation, by any officer or officers of ex~ cife not having a warrant fr,m a ju/lice of the peace, fuch private and concealed fills, backs, or ether veffiels, fpirits, lew wines, or materials preparing for dif illation, are forfeited, and liable to be feized by Juch officer, and whether thf proprietor of fuch private and concealed fills, backs, or other veffiels, fo difeovered, or the perfons in tvhofe cufody of pojfeffibrt the fame Jhall be found, are liable and fub-jefi to the Jaid penalty of two hundred pounds: now, to obviate all fuch doubfs, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any officer or officers of excife (hall at any time difeover and find any private or concealed dill, back, or other veffel, for the making, preparing, or keeping of wa(h, low wines, or rials preparmg fpirits, or other materials preparing for didillation, then, and lor dill illation, in every fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for fuch officer to feizc may feize the every fuch dill, back, or other veffel, and all Arch low wines, lame.	fpirits, wadi, and other materials, preparing for didillation,

which he (ball fo find and difeover, and either to detain and keep the fame in the houfe or place where found, or to remove the fame to the office of excife next to the place where he (hall If the faid dills fo find and difeover the fame; and in cafe the fame fhall not, &c. be not, within ten days next after fuch feizure, be claimed by the true claimed anc*	owner	(hereof,	then	the	faid	dills,	backs,	and other,

bythe ovrner, vefl<ris, fpirits, low wines* walh, and other materials preparing they fhall be * for' didillation, (hall be ibfolutely forfeited : and the proprietor forfeited j and of any fuch private and concealed back, dill, or other veflel, or t?ereofPorCthe Per^on m whofe cudody the fame (hall be found, (hall for-perfoninwhofe ^ and ^fe,for every place in which any fuch private dill, back, cudody they and other veffel, (hall be found, and alfo for every fuch dill, are found,fhaU back, and other veffel found therein, the futn of two hundred forfeitforeach p0unc]s: and if any perfon or perfons (hall obdrudl, oppofe, particu ar, nioleft, or hinder, the officers of excife, or others acting in their affiftance, in the due feizing fuch private dills, backs, and. other veflcls, fpirits, low wines, wa(h, or other materials pre-. paring for didillation, or in removing the fame, or any of them^ after feizure, to the next office of excife, as aforefaid ; then? and in every fuch cafe, every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

Ill, And be it further enaeded by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, on* thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, no perfon or perfons whatsoever (hall be permitted to make entry of any workhoufe or place, or of any dill or utenfil for making, diddling, or keeping of low wines or fpirits, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons (hall

cn

2,00/. Penalty obftru&ing officers in feizing fuch (tills, &c,J

No perfon to make entry of any werk-houfe or (till for making low wines or fpirits un-

occuhC ^tene 0CCl*Py a tenement or tenements of the yearly value ot ten menfof io/,C pounds, or upwards, and for which he, (he, or they, (hall ac-perann. and cordinglv be affeffed in their own name, and (hall alfo pay to (hall pay to the parim rates in the feveral parifhes or places in which they, pari/h rate#. ^ajj refpc£hvely refide; and that no entry of any workhoufe, place, dill, or utenfil, for tnaking, diddling, and keeping, of low wines and fpirits, then made, or thereafter to be made, of any fuch workhoufe, place, dill, or utenfil, (hall be of any avail

t9



Digitized by

Google

1-779*3 Anno decimo nono GeoRGH III. c.50.	*77

to any pcrfon.not fo qualified* or for any longer time than the

perfon or perfons fo making entry (hail be qualified, as afore-

/aid ; and every perfon making or diftilling low wines or fpirits,

and not qualified as aforefaid, (hall notwithftanding any entry

by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be perfons

making and diftilling low wines and fpirits without entry, and

(hall be fubjcdt to the like penalties and forfeitures as perfons

making and diftilling low wines and fpirits without entry are,

by the ftatutes in fuch cafe made and provided, now fubjedt unto.

IV.	And) for the more effectual fecuring the duties bn low wines Diftiller* to

end fpirits, made and diftilled within Great Britain, be it further weekly^of all enadted by (he authority aforefaid, Thar, from and after the the walk nfed twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and by them in feventy-nine, all and every perfon whatfoever, who (hall make	low

or diftill low wines or fpirits, lhall, weekly and every week,

make a true entry in writing at the next office of excife, within p the limits of which the faid low wines or fpirits are by him or them refpedlively made or diftilled, of all the wa(h by him, her, or them, refpedively ufed for the making of low wines and fpirits, within each week, on pain to forfeit, for every negledt of making fuch true entry, the fum of ten pounds.

V.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Diftillerj not That every diftiller who (hall not pay and clear off within a aweek week after he, (he, or they, (hall have made his, her, or their after entry, entry, or ought to have made his, her, or their entry as afore- to pay double, faid, (hall pay double the value of the duty.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Certain word* That, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, every maker, diftil- wardd'oor^f Jer, redtifier, and compounder, of fpirits, who (hall make, €Very itill-diftill, redtify, or compound, any fpirituous liquors for fale with-^houfe, (tore, in Great Britain^ (hall caufe to be painted, in durable large legi- boufe, &c* ble characters, over the outward door of each and every ftill-

houfe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, (hop, cellar, vault, and other place. by him, her, or them, refpectively made ufe of for the making or keeping of Britijb-made fpirituous liquors, the words dijlillerx on forfeiture reflifiery or compounder offpiritulus liquorj, (as the C3fe may be;) of iqoL upon pain of* forfeiting, for every fuch ftillhoufe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, which, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, (hall be fo made ufe of by fuch maker, diftiller, redtifier, or compounder, without having the*

/aid words fo painted as aforefaid, the fum of one hundred pounds.

VII.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore- Penalty on faid, That if any perfon who (hall either make, diftill, redtify, buyingBritifo-or compound, any Briti/b-tnade fpirituous liquors for fale, or

who (hall fell or deal in any fort of fpirituous liquors, (hall re- otber^nan °* ceive or buy, or procure or employ any perfon to receive or diftiller, buy for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their ufe, any who has the Briti/b-made fpiritupus liquors, (except at the publick fales'of

4*8

painted over the outer door of his Hill-houfe. See, Exception,

Eifher buyer or feller informing a-gainft the other party, fliallbedif- # charged of his own penalty.

Penalty on perfons, not having made entry of all the places ufed by them, who/hall paint over any of fbeir doors the words di/liiler, rectifier. See,

All the powers, penalties, and forfeit* tires, &c. contained in former revenue laws, to be apjpfe} in collecting. levying, aod recovering, the duties and penalties mentioned in this aft.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 50;.	[ 1779.

fuch Briti/b-made fpirituous liquors as have been condemned, and are fold under the direction of the commifljoners of excite,) of any perfon or perfons other than a maker, diftiller, rectifier, or compounder of fpirituous liquors for fale, over the outward door of ,whofe ftillhoufe, (torehoufe, warehoufe, (bop, cellar, vault,.or ther place by him, her, or them, refpeCtively made ufe of for the making or keeping of Britijb-made fpirituous liquors, (hall be painted as aforefaid, the words di/iiller y reliefer9 or compounder of fpirituous liquors, as the cafe may be; every fuch perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and l#fe, for every fuch offence, the fum of fifty pounds.

VIII.	And) for tbe more effectual difeovery of fuch offenders, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the offending party or parties, whether buyer or feller of fuch Britijh-made fpirituous liquors, who (hall firft difeover and inform againft the other of the faid parties, /hall, in every fuch cafe, be, and he is hereby declared difeharged and acquitted of and from all penalties and forfeitures, which, at the time of fuch information given, he might be liable for or by reafon of fuch his own offence.

IX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon whatever, other than fuch as (hall have duly made entry of all the places by him, her, or them reflectively made ufe of for making or keeping of Britijb- made fpirituous liquors, (hall paint, or caufe to be painted, over the door of any place to them refpeCtively belonging, the words difliller, retllfitrx or compounder of fpirituous liquors, or either of them, every pfcr-fon fo offending fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds, and fhall alfo be fubjeCt to the feveral penalties and forfeitures to which perfons making or diftilling fpirituous liquors for fale, without making entry, are how fubjeCt unto.

' X. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That fcll and every the powers, authorities, rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, which, in and by in aCt made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for taking away the court of wards and and liveries, and tenures in capitc, and by knights fervice, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Ma jejly in lieu thereof or by any other law nowin force relating to his Majefty’s revenue, upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, for fecuring, enforcing, managing, raifing, levying. Collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, oraf-certaining, the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, "detecting, and punching, frauds relating thereto, (not otherwife altered by this aCt) fhall be exercifed, praCtifed, applied, and impofed, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for the fecuring, enforcing, managing, raifing, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, and adjudging, afeertaining, and recovering,-the duties and penalties herein mentioned and directed, and for preventing, detecting, and punifhing, frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods,

penalties*

Digitized by Tooele

1779O Anno decimo nono Georgii III. 0.51.	279

penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enabled in the body of this alt. Penalties and XI. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, forfeitures That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures impofed by this all, J^^d^nd* IhaH be fued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by fuch ways, applied. » means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be fued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by altion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlminJler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, refoeltively 5 and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majcfty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who (hall difeover, inform, or fue for the fame.

CAP. LI.

An ad for granting to his Majejly certain duties on licences to he taken out by all perfons letting horfes to hire for travellings in the manner therein mentioned; and certain duties on all horfes let to hire for the purpofes of travelling pojl, and by time \and upon certain carriages therein mentioned.

Mojl gracious Sovereigns

WE, your Majejly's mojl dutiful and loyal fubjefls, the com- preamble.

mons of Great Britain, in parliament ajfembitd^ towards raifings by the mojl eafy means, the necejfary fuppltes to defray your Majejly s pub lick expenses* have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majejly the feveral and refpefltve duties berein-afttr mentioned j and do mojl humbly befeecb your Majejly that it may be enabled; and be it enalted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thou- After Julyj9 fand feven hundred and feventy-nine, there (hall be raifed, i77Mh« *?*-levied, colleded, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Jo'bepaid to* Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuc- his Majefty; ceflors, the feveral rates and duties following; (that is to fay,) neideluet* That every poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, in Great every poft-Britain, who (hall let to hire any horfc for the purpofe of tra- matter. Sec, veiling poft by the mile, or from ftage to ftage, or being a per- "ho (hall let fon ufually Jetting horfes to hire, fiiall let to hire for a day, or f^travelling any lefs period of time, any horfe for drawing any coach, cha- poft, for an * riot, or chaife, or any other carriage ufed in travelling poft, (hall annual li-yield and pay annually unto his Majefty, his heirs and iuccef- cence, 5/. fors, the fum of five (hillings for a licence for that purpofe; every perfon that for and in refpelt of every horfe hired by the mile or ftage hiring horfes, to be ufed in travelling poft, in Great Britain, there be charged to uaveijK>tt a duty of one penny for every mile luch horfe (hall be hired to cachThorfe, travel poft; and that for and in refpelt of every horfe hired for , </, per mile §

a

2 So

or i j.per day, where the dtftancc (hall • not be afcer-tained;

every perfon keeping a diligence, poll-coach,or other four wheeled carriage, for carrying only four inuae paffengers, for hire, (hall pay annually 5/. for a licence j

and (hall alfo pay one halfpenny for every mile fuch carriage ihall travel.

The faid duties to be under the management of the commifii-oners for the ftamp-dutie?.

Penalty on perfons letting out horfes to travel poll without a li-

cence.

Any two corn-mini oners of

* Annodecimo nano Geokgii III. c. 51. [1779#

a day, or any lefs period of time, for drawing, on a pod or other publick road, any coach, chariot, or chaife, or any other carriage ufed in travelling poft, there (hall b£ charged, if the dift-ance (hall be then afeertained, the fum of one penny per mile, and if, the diftance (hall not then be afeertained, there (hall be charged the fum of twelvepence for and in reipeft of each horfe fo hired ; fuch duty to be paid by the perfon or perfons by whom fuch horfe (hall be hired; that every perfon who (hail keep any four-wheeled chaife, or other machine, commonly called a diligence or pofl-cocuh, or by what name foever fuch carriages now are or hereafter (hall be called or known, for the purpofe of conveying in the infide thereof any number of paffengers, not exceeding four, for hire, to and from ftage to ftage, or from place to place, (ball yield and pay annually unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, the fum of five (hillings for a licence for that purpofe; that every four wheeled chaife, or other machine, commonly called a diligence or pcjl-coach, or by what name foever fuch carriages now are, or hereafter (hall be called or known, for the purpofe of conveying in the infide thereof any number of paflfengers, not exceeding four, for hire, to and from ftage to ftage, or from place to place, (hall be charged with a duty of one halfpenny per mile fuch carriage (hall travel, to be paid by the owners thereof: and for the better and more’effectual railing, levying, collecting, and paying the faid rates and duties hereinbefore grantevl, the fame fhaH be under the government, care, and management of thecommiffioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties payable to his Majefty, his heirs and lucceftors, and charged on (tamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to appoint and employ fuch officers under them for that purpofe, and to allow fuch (alarica and*incident charges, as (hall be neceffary ; and to provide and ufe fuch marks or (tamps as they (hall think fit; and to repair, renew, or alter the fame, from time to time, as there (hall be occafion; and to do all other alts, matters, and things, necef-fary to be done for putting this aft in execution, with, relation to the faid rates and duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorifed to put in execution any of the laws now in being concerning damped vellum, parchment, or paper.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, no perfon whatfoever, required by this aft to be licenfed, (hall, unlefs he or (he be authorized and enabled in the manner herein-after preferibed, let out any horfe for hire, either by the mile or ftage, or to draw any coach, chariot, or chaife, or any other carriage ufed in travelling poft, for a day, or any lefs period of time, upon pain to forfeit, for every fuch offence, five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is direfted.

III.	And bt it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That,

Digitized by t^ooQle

1779*1 Annadedmo nono Georgii III. c. 51.

That, from and after the palling of this aft, any two or more the ftamp dur-of his Majefty’s com mi (Turners appointed for managing the du-.t,e**°r.^rr*1 ties arifing by ftarrvp9 on vellum, parchment, or paper, or fome *bem. may * perfon duly authorized by them, (hall grant licences to fuch grant licences perfons who (hall apply for the fame, to let out horfes for hire, tor letting out in manner aforefaid, in any city, town, or other place, within horfes to hirc“ Great Britain, for the fpaee of one year, to commence from the faid fifth day of Julyy one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day ; and upon licences to be firft granted to any perfon or perfons after, the faid fifth day of Jufy> one thoufand feven hunched and fe-venty-nine, to commence from the day of the date of every fuch licence; and all and every perfon or perfons who fhall take out fuch licence for letting out horfes for hire in manner aforefaid,

(hall take out a frefh licence for another year ten days at the lcaft before the expiration of that year for which he, (he, or they fhall be fo licenfed, if he, fhe, or they fhall continue to let out horfes for hire, in manner aforefaid, and (hall, in like manner, renew fuch licence from year to year, paying down the re-fpeftive Turns due for fuch licences, as long as he, (he, or they (ball continue to let out horfes for hire, in manner aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Noperfbnte That ho poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon whatfoever, oneinn licenfed or to be licenljpd by authority of this aft, fhall, by virtue &c. for letting of one licence, keep more than one inn, houfe, or other place, horfei, by vir-for letting horfes for the purpofes aforefaid ; but for each and tueqf onc every inn, houfe, or other place, which any poftmafter, inn- ccncc-keeper, or other perfon, fhall keep for the purpofes aforefaid,

a feparate and diftinft licence fhall be taken out, and paid for, by fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Licenfed inn-every poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, fo licenfed to let keepers, See. horfes as herein-before mentioned, fhall caufe the words licenfed ^ Swords Vo to let pojl-borfes, to be painted or written, in legible charafters, be painted on either on a fign hung out, or in fome vifible place in the front the front*, of of his, her, or their houfe, ftables, or out-offices, at the refpec* their houfe*, tive places at which ne, fhe, or they let out horfes to hire, as fh^^tlhorfes aforefaid, to denote that fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other for hire* perfon, is a letter or furnifher of poft-horfes, and authorifed to •

furnifh travellers with the fame purfuant to law ; and if any on penalty of poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, fo licenfed as aforefaid, 5^ fhall prefume to let out horfes for hire as herein-before mentioned, without fixing or hanging out fuch token as aforefaid, every poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, fo offending, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to be recovered and diftributed as herein-after is direfted.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That every poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon fo licenfed

as aforefaid, fhall, if he, fhe, or they, furnrfh his, her, or their to travel own chaifes, or other carriages, at the fame time with fuchhor- fhall affix their fes let to hire to travel paft as aforefaid, mark or paint, or caufe and f	to	thc,r p ac*

Digitized by

Google

a8a	Anao^edinoiiono~GsoRGiYlll.^r54.-	{i	779J

abode, on to be markod or painted, upon Tome confpicuous part of the tome confpi- chaife, or other earn age-fo furnifhed, his, her, or their chriftian thereo?^1 a°d furname* *nd the name of the city, town, or place, of his, her, or their abode, in plain and legible charadters, and continue the fame thereupon, fo long as fuch chaife or carriage (hall be fo ufed ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall negled the fame, or mark or paint, or caufe to be marked or painted, any falfe or fictitious name, or place of abode, on fuch chaife or other car-on penalty of riage, he or (he (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of 51*	five pounds.

Commiflion- VII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforeiaid, cnof the That the faid commiflioners appointed for managing the duties arifing by (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, mall, at the to every perfont,mc °f ifltfhig fuch licence as aforefaid, deliver, or caufe to bo taking out a delivered, to every poftmafter, innkeeper, 'or other perfon fo to licence,printed be licenfcd, printed or written papers, intituled, ftamp-offictwttBf or written pa- acf0Uftf. jn which (hall be inferted the day ot the week, and pe^,,	blanks left for the number of horfes and miles, and for the day

jOf thp month, and the names of the poftillions or drivers employed, to be filled up as herein-after dire&ed, according to the following form, or fuch other form as the (aid commiflioners (hall judge convenient for keeping fuch accounts t

Stamp-

!

Digitized by v^ooQle

Stamp-office weekly account.

A.

of C.

m

o

0

01 «

O

!•

c

•0

•8

o

c

c

<

o>

t'v

Month

and

Day.

Week

and

Day.

Sunday

Monday

Fuefday

Wednefday

Tburfday

Friday

Saturday

Names of Poftillions or Drivers.

A. B.

No. of

Horfes. Miles.

Horfet. Miles

C. D.

N°. of

Horfes.

E. F.

No. of

Miles.

G. H.

N°. of

Horfes. Miles

J.K.

No. of

Horfes.

Miles.

L.M.

N°. of

Duty.

Horfes. Miles

284	Anno decimonono Georg n III. c. 51. (1779%

and alfo cer- and (hall alfo deliver, or caufe to be delivered, a number of tain tickets, tickets, on which Hull be printed or written, if for an innkeeper, the name of the (ign or houfe, if not an innkeeper, then, in Jieti thereof, his, her, or their name or names; and alio on fuch tickets (hall be inferted the name of the city, town, or place, where fuck licenfed perfon or perfons refide j and alfo the words horfes, Tf 2, 3,4, 5, or 6, »n figures, as the tickets may be intended £0 de-note the numbers ; and likewife the words miles, except where the horfes	are let to hire for a day, or any lefs period of time,

and then,	inftead of the word miles, the words far a day, (had

be inferied, together with the words (lamp-office or fome ether mark or (lamp fufficient to afeertain that fuch ticket was iffued from the (lamp-office, and (hall take efpecial care that all per-. fons fo licenfed (hall be fufficiently furnished with fuch account Penalt	on	anc* t*c^ccts	} anc^ m anY °®ccr employed in the execution

officer/mak-	°f this	*n relation to the faid rates and duties, (hall refufe or

ing default, neglcdl to do or perform any matter or thing by this a£t required or diredled «to be done or^perfotmed by him, whereby any nf his Majefty’s fiibjedls (hall or may fuftain any damage whatfo-ever, fuch officer fo offending (hall be liable, in any a&ion to be founded on this (latute, to anfwer to the party grteved-aH-fech damages, with treble cods of fuit.

Poilmafters, VIlI. And it is hereby further enadled by the authority afore-&c. on receiv- faid, That each and every poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon ingtbeirfirft f0 licenfed to let horfes for the purpofes aforefaid, (hall, at thae rivefccurity ^me receiving his, her or their firft licence, give fecurity, by for the redeli- bond, to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in the fum of very of tickets fifty pounds, with a condition that he, (he, or they will, when-unaccounted CVcr thereunto required, redeliver, orcaule to be redelivered* the or, &c. (lamp-office tickets which he, (he, or they, may have received, and that may remain unaccounted for by him, her, or them; and that he, lhe, or they, will alfo deliver to the perfon or-perfons (properly authorifed by the commiffioners appointed for managing the duties arifing by (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, to infpedl the fame, and to reccive^the money due thereon) the (lamp-officeaccount fodelivered to him, her, or them, as aforefaid* faithfully made out, filled up, figned, and attefted, as herein* after dire&ed, and make payment of all fuch fum and fums of money as lhall be due and payable to his Majefty, in purfuance ,	of, and according to the true intent and meaning of this a<5l; and

alfo truly and faithfully to obferve and perform all the directions, matters and things herein contained, on his, her, or their behalf,. to be obferved and performed; and in .cafe of thejionpeiform-ance or breach of fuch condition, it (hall and may be lawful for ' the faid commiflioners, or the perfons fo appointed by them, to caufe each and every fuchJbond to -be- profoeuted according to law; and in cafe of judgement againft the defendant, the faid commiffioners may, if tney (hall think, fir, refufe to.grant to fuch perfon, againft whom fuch judgement (hall be obtained, any licences to let horfes as aforefaid in future.

-IX. And

Digitized by v^ooQle

1779*3	Anno decimo nono GeoRgii III. c. 51.

IX* And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That* all and every poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, li-cenfed as aforefaid, who (hall let horfes to hire by the mile or ftage, to be ufed in travelling poft, (hall, by themfelves or fervants, previous to the ufing fuch horfe or horfes, a(k, demand, and receive, for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, of and from the perfon or perfons firing the fame, the fum of one penny per mile, for each mile (uch horfe (hall be fo hired to travel, at and after the rate or number of miles which he, (he, or they (hall charge fuch traveller or travellers for the ftage or diftance fuch horfe may be hired to go; and (hall, at the fame time he or (he receives payment of the duty for fuch horfe or horfes, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the perfon or perfons hiring fuch horfe or horfes, one or more of the ftamp-office tickets herein-before mentioned, as occafton (hall require, and to which fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall add, or caufe to be added, in words or figures, the the month and day of *he month, and the number of miles for which fuch horfe or horfes are fo hired : and if any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall negledt to a(k, demand, and receive, the faid duty of one penny ^ mile from fuch perfon or perfons hiring (uch horfe or horfes, or (hall negleiSt or refufe to deliver fuch ticket or tickets, as herein-before dire&ed, to fuch perfon or perfons fo hiring the horfes as aforefaid, fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds; and moreover, in cafe of not receiving the faid rate or duty, be chargeable therewith to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in the fame manner as if he, (he, or they, had actually received the fame.

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all and every traveller or travellers, to whom fuch ticket (hall be delivered as aforefaid, who (hall pafs through any turnpike, (hall, at the firft turnpike through which he, (he, or they (hall pafs, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the toll-gate keeper there, the ticket or tickets fo given to him, her, or them, at the place where he, (he, or they hired fuch horfe or horfes, which the faid toll*gatherer is hereby dire&ed to receive and file ; and if any traveller or travellers fo going poft as aforefaid, (hall have neglected to take fuch ticket or tickets, or (hall not deliver, or caufe the fame to be delivered, he, (he, or they (hall, before fuch horfes be permitted to pafs fuch toll-gate, pay for every horfe hired and ufed by fuch travellers or traveller, the fum of one (hilling and fixpence, which the gate-keeper is hereby authorised to afk and demand, and not permit fuch horfes to pafs till he, (he, or they (hall have paid the fame, or produced fuch ticket or tickets as aforefaid.

XI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon Ecenfed as aforefaid, who (hall let to hire any horfe or horfes by the day,, or lefs period of time, as aforefaid, (hall, by them-felves or fervants, previous toifuch horfe.or horfes being ufed,

4	o	afk,

285

Poft m afters, Sec. letting out horfes to travel pott, (hall receive, for the ufe of his Majefty, of the perfons hiring the fame, i d. fof every mile each horfe is to travel;

and (hall deliver to them flattop-office ticktts properly filled up.

Penalty on negleft thereof.

Travellers to deliver their tickets at the fit ft turnpike they (hall pafs through#

Penalty on negleft.

Poftmaftefs, *

See. letting out'horfes to travel by the day, See. (hall receive*, for the ufe of hU

Digitized by LjOOQle

286	Anno	decimo	nono	Georgii	HI.	c. 51. [1779.

Majefty, of afk, demand, and receive, for the ufe of his Majcfty, his heirs h^rin^tbc*	an<* ^U€Ct^ors» °f an<^ from the perfon or perfons hiring the

i^Jlfor every	faoac* the fom of one penny per mile for each mile fuch horfe

mile each	or horfes (hall be fo hired to go, where the difiance (hall be

horfe is to	then afeertained, and where the difiance (hall not be then af-

travel; or is. certained, then the fum of twelve-pence for each horfe fo hired, whe^the°dif- Prcv*ous to fuch horfe or horfes being ufed; and (hall, at the tance (hall not fame time, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the perfon fo be afeertained; hiring fuch horfe or horfes, one or more of the (lamp-office and (hall de- tickets hercin-before mentioned, with the words for a day inliver to them ferted thereon, as occafion (hall require, and to which any ?kkete°ro ^\r P°®ma^cr5 innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall add, or caufe to a<ided, in words or figures, the month, and day of the month ; and in cafe fuch horfe qr horfes (hall be hired to return the fame day with the fame carriage, and any perfon or perfons therein by or for whom fuch horfe or horfes are fo hired, then Penalty on the words To return; and if any pofiraafier, innkeeper, or other poftmafter, perfon, (hall negledi to a(k, demand, ,and receive, the faid &c. for neg. duty of one penny per mile, or twelve-pence, as the cafe may e *	happen to be, from fuch perfon or perfons hiring fuch horfe

or horfes, or negledl or refufe to deliver fuch ticket or tickets, fuch pofimafier, innkeeper, or other perfon, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, and moreover, in cafe of not receiving the faid rate or duty, be chargeable therewith to his Maiefiy, his heirs and fuccefiors, in the fame manner as if he, (lie, or they had a&ually received the fame.

Enumeration XII. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore-ot particulars fai()9 That every pofimafier, innkeeper, or other perfon fo li-by poftmaf- * ccnkd to Jet horfes as aforefaid, (hall infert in the account tCT$r&c. in hcrein-before fpecified fo delivered to him, her, or them, from the account to the (lamp-office, the number of horfes ufed in travelling poft, be delivered an(j thc numbcr of miles for which fuch horfes (hall have been <Mubp-2£e. * k a^° the number of horfes let to hire for a day, or any r " lefs period of time, and the day of the month on which the fame were ufed, together with the names of the poftillions or drivers employed ; which faid account (hall be figned by fuch pofimafier, innkeeper, or other perfon fo licenfed as aforefaid, ?nd witnefled by the hoftler or other fervant employed in preparing and getting ready fuch horfes, and (hall be open, when required,' to the infpeltion of any perfon or perfons duly au-thorifed, under the hands and feals of the faid commiflioners At what times for managing the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and Scented per- paper, to infpell the fame ; and fuch pofimafier, innkeeper, or f>n#re^d,llS other perfon, fo licenfed as aforefaid, refiding in the city of WeftmiiSer^ Linden or liberty of WeJhmnfterj (hall, the tirft Tuefday or Wed-or within five ftefiay in every month, and fuch other perfons fo licenfed as nailet thereof, aforefaid, refiding within five miles of the city of London or or in the bills liberty of IPeJiminJler^ or within the bills of mortality, (hall, JhaUmTut’ lhc €Lhurfiay or Friday in every month, or at fuch other their tn times as may be appointed by the faid commiflioners, on -	.	publick

Digitized by i^ooQle

j779.] Anno decimo nono GeorgII III. c. 51.	387

publick notice given in the Gazette, bring in and deliver to the at the flamp-commiffioners, or to the perfon or perfons appointed by them for the purpofe of receiving the fame, at the head office, the accounts herein-before directed for the four weeks ending on the Saturday preceding fuch day of delivery, and (hall, within eight days thereafter, pay fuch fum and fums of money which (hall appear to be due thereon to the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and. paper, or to the proper officer for the timq, being for colle&ing the faid duties, for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, at the head office in Lincoln’s Inn> or wherever elfe the fame may be held, upon pain of forfeiting ten pounds for every default in not delivering in fuch account, and double the amount of the money fo due and payable from fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, for the faid rates or duties, for the nonpayment thereof.

XIII.	And it is hereby further enabled. That every poftmafter, Where and innkeeper, or ocher perfon fo licenfed as aforefaid, not refiding whenlicenfed within che cities of London or tVeJlminJler, or within five milts P*

of the fame, or within the bills of mortality, fhall, at all fuch of Peking- * times and places to be appointed for that purpofeas herein-af.er dom (hall de-mentioned, produce and deliver the accounts herein-before di- liver »heir ac-redted for the weeks ending on the Saturday preceding fuch de- c<>unt**&c* livery, and then unaccounted for, to the perfon or petjbns duly authorifed, by commiffion under the hands and feals of three of the faid commiffioners for managing the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, to receive fuch accounts, and ihe money due thereon, and at the fame time pay to fuch perfon or perfons all fum and fums of money which (hall appear to be due upon fuch accounts, under the penalty of ten pounds for every default in not delivering fuch. accounts, and double the amount of the money due and payable from fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, for the faid rates or duties for the nonpayment thereof.

XIV.	And be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid, All tickets That all and every'ticket delivered from the ftamp-office, th*t paving the (hal( appear with the number of miles expj*e(Ted therein, either

in words or figures, (hall be deemed a ticket upon which the ™ ch/rem* duty has been received, and ihall be accounted and paid for bjr flu 11 be ac* the poftmafter* innkeeper, or other perfQn, according to fuch cordingly paid number ofhorfe^and miles marked thereon, at and after the rate *orAbytbe aforefaid. '	.	P^fter.&c.

XV.	And it is hereby further enadied by the authority afore- Penalty on faid, That every poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, fo li-

ccnfed as aforefaid, who (ball be guilty of any wilful concea]- endeavour » ment, or making falfe accounts, or any other fraudulent con- defraud bii trivance, device, or pretence whatfoever, with an intent or de- Majeityo* the fign to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fuCceftbrs, of any of the	^

rates or duties impofed by this id, or any part thereof, fych ^	*

poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, (hail forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as herein-after diredted \ artd Vot. XXXII.	U	the

i88	Arino dccimo nono (2eorgii lit c. 51. f 177^.

the faid commiflioners (hall 2^d may, if they (hall fo think fit* after judgement obtained agamft fuch offender, refufe to grant to fuch offender 'any licence in future.

Every pod- XVI. And in order to prevent the evading the payment of the du-matter, See. ties hereby granted, by permitting carriages conveying perfons pofl to who (hall take frg draivn by horfes which have paid the duty for the Jlage, under the horfes travel- Preterice °f fuc^ horfes being upon the return home ; be it further en-* ling port (hall aCted by the authority aforefaid, That every poftmafter, inn-be accountable keeper, or other perfon, who (hall take the hire for fuch horfes for the duty, by the mile, or from ftage Co ftage, (hall be confidered as the perfon to whom the duties herein before granted fhall be paid, and (hall be chargeable with and accountable for the fame, as if fuch poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, was the actual proprietor of iuch horfes, although the fame may belong to, and be the property of, any other licenfed poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon.

No poftmafter, XVII. And, in order to prevent evading the payment of the du-&c. at whole ties hereby granted upon horfes hired by the mile or Jlage, under pre~ houfe any fence of the letting fuch horfes for a day, or anflefs period of time, be travrllei flnli jt cna£ecj by the authority'aforefaid, That no poftmafter, inn-ftiallfctthem* keeper/or other perfon, at whofe inn, houfe, or other place* anyorherwife kept for letting horfes to hire, any traveller or travellers (hall than by the change horfes, (hall let to hire any horfe or horfes, to fuch tra-mile or ftage. veller or travellers, in any other manner than by the mile or ftage; and if any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, fhall aCt contrary hereto, he, (he, or they, (hall, for every offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to be recovered as here-in-after mentioned.

Receiver ge- XVIII. And, in compenfation for the trouble every toll-gate keeper neral 6f the may have in and about the execution of this afi, and for an encourage-ftamp-duties ment f0 difeover and detefl frauds that may he committed againjl the toft1Patet0the-^w^ he ft enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid keepers ioj. receiver-general at the head office, and the faid other collectors* where the du- (hall and may, and they are hereby authorifed and required to ties on tickets p3y to the rcfpeCtive toll-gate keepers, who (hall deliver, as themXall^ herein-after mentioned, tickets by him or her received at fuch amount to refpcCth e gates, the fum of ten (hillings, where the duties upon iool. See. fuch tickets fhall amount to one hundred pounds ; and at and after that rate for tickets where the duties thereon (hall amount

to any greater or lefs fum than one hundred pounds, and alfo allow fuch toll-gate keeper to retain the money-collected by him from fuch traveller Qr travellers who fhall not, purfuant to this aCt, have delivered tickets to fuch toll gate keeper^ as aforefaid. Where and XIX. Provided always neverthelefs, and it is hereby enaCted, , when the toll- That all and every toll-gate keeper (hall, for the compenfation - fhaTl brm^ftie an<* a^owance aforefaid, bring, or caufe to be brought, the tickets fad tickets! C herein* before mentioned by him or her received, if Within five miles of London, then to the head office there, or to fuch other place within the bills of mortality as the commiffioners fhall appoint ; and if beyond the diftance of five miles from London% then to fuch places, and at fuch times, as the collector appoint-u	ed

a 89

. 1779-3	Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c.51*

cd to colledl fuch durics {hall require, and deliver up, or caufe to,be delivered uj), fuch tickets to the receiver-general or col* le&or to be appointed as aforefaid.

XX.	And be it further enacted by the authority 2fprqfaid, Penalty on That all and every toll-gdte keeper who (hall have received t0,l gftcJjcfP* fuch ftamp-office tickets as aforefaid, who (hall not bring, or deiivc^up caufe to be brought, fuch tickets, at the times and places afore- ticketsoudc-faid, (hall, upon demand made at the gate of fuch turnpike, de- mand.

liver fuch tickets to the collector to* be appointed by the faid com-miflioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, as .aforefaid $ and if any toll gate keeper (hall refufe to dtliver up all and every fuch ftamp-oftice tickets, fo received by him or her, upon fuch demand as aforefaid, every toll-gate keeper (hall, for each ticket he or (he (hall fo refufe to deliver up, forfeit and pay the fum of live (hillings, to be recovered as herein-after is directed.

XXI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Where poft-That all and every, poftmafler, innkeeper, or othef perfon, fo m***fr,» f liccnfed as aforefaid, not redding in the cities of London and^^|fs^t0 Wejiminjlir^ nor within the bills of mortality, (hall* at the times mortality, are and at the places to be mentioned at the foot of the firft lieence to attend and granted to him, her, or them, when the fame (hall be delivered, Paf*tlieir ac* and afterwards at the foot of every receipt which (hall be given counu-

by the collector for the money paid in by him, her, or them, on account of the faid duties* attend, and there deliver in and pafs his account, and pay the duty received by him, her, or them, as aforefaid, to the collector fo appointed to collect the fame: provided that no fuch perfon as aforefaid (hall be compelled to travel for the payment of the faid duties, or other caufes whqt-foever touching or concerning the fame, if he, (he, or they live in a market-town, out of the faid town, or if he, (he, or they live out of a market-town, then to no other place than to the market-town neareft to his, her, or their habitation.

XXII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enatfed and declared, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any horfes uled in hackney-coaches, Thisa& not licenfed purfuant to feveral acts of parliament made for that e*lenJ? purpofe; nor td any horfe or horfes ufed in the drawing of any hackney* ** coach, chariot, or chaife, or any other carriage, ufed rn travel- coaches, &c. ling port, where fuch horfe or horfes (hall be hired to return before twelve of the clock at night of the fame day with the fame carriage, and any perfon or perfons therein by or for whom fuch

horfe or horfes were hired, and (hall a&ually return accordingly.

XXIII.	And it is hereby further enatfed and declared by the Al! horfes authority aforefaid, That every horfe hired by the mile, or ftage, biied by the (hall be deemed to be hired to travel poft, within the true intent [JJaii b^diem-and meaning of this adf, although the perfon or perfons hiring c<f hired to”** the fame do not go or travel feveral ftages upon a poft-road, or travel poft. change horfes; and although at the ftage or place at or to which

U 2	fuch	.

Digitized by

Google

2go	Anno	decimo	nono	Georgii	III.	c.	51. [1779-

fuch horfc (hall be hired there (hall not be any poft-houfe; arid although there (hall not be any pod fettled or eftaJblifhed on the road, or awy part thereof, upon which fuch horfe (hall be hired , to go; any thing hercin-before contained, or any law or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIV. And be ir further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Ou the death That if any podmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, licenfed to pott,malt?r'lt” horfes in manner, aforefaid, (hall die, it (hall and may be See. hu execu- lawful for his or her executors, adminiftrators, or other perfons tors&c- (hail fucceeding to fuch inn, houfe, or other place, to let horfes to not be liable hire in manner aforefaid, until fuch time as fuch perfon (hall foHenin* ^ Procure fuc^ licence, and give fuch fecurity as hrrein-before lurie^ to hire, directed without being liable to the penalty herein-before provided they inflicted upon the perfons letting horfes to, hire without being take out a li- licenfed in that behalf, provided fuch licence be taken out withm after	days	a^lcr death °f fuch pod-mader, inpkeeper, or

hi* death. other perfon ; and fuch perfon or perfons (hall be fubjedt to the fame rules, regulations, and charges, and liable to account, and to the payment of the fame rates and duties hereby impofed, as fuch poflmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon, was fubjedfc and liable to.

No perfon XXV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, (hall let out #, That, from and after the fifth day of one thoufand feven ddigence^or hundred and feventynine, no perfon who (hall keep any four-, poit-coach, wheeled chaife, or other machine, commonly called a diligence Scc. without a or pojl-coach, or by what name foever fuch carriage or carriages licence, now are or hereafter (hall be called or known, for the purpofeof conveying, in the infide thereof, any number of paflengers, not exceeding four, for hire, from dage to dage, or from place to place, jhall let out the fame for fuch purpofe, without having lirft obtained a licence under the hands of two of the faid com-.	- miflioners for managing the duties on (lamped vellum, parch-

5*)1. for each ment> and paper, for that purpofe, upon pain to forfeit, for every chance. time fuoh machine (hall be fo ufed, the fum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed.

Com mi (fion- XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, era ot itamp- That, from and after the pafling of this adl, any two or more fuciThcefr es°* 0^ ^,s Majefty’s com miflioners appointed for managing thedu-to ait pertons l*es arifing by (lamps on vellum, parchment, or pap6r* or fome who fliitl np- perfon duly authorifed by them, (hall grant licences, under their ply for them, hands and feals, to any perfon or perfons who lhall apply-for the fame, to let out for hire any fuch diligence, or other car-^ riage, for the purpofe aforefaid, for the fpace of one year, to " commence from the fifth day of July* one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, upon all licences to be granted on or be-, fore that day; and upon licences to be firft granted to any perfon or perfons after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, to commence from the day of the date of fuch licence; which faid licence (hall be renewed at lead ten days previous to the expiration of the year for which it was granted ; and if »he perfon or perfons fo licenfed (hair continue

to

Digitized by Google

f779*] AnnodecimononoGEoRGii.III. c. 51.	291

to let out for hire fych machine, diligence, or carriage, as afore-faid, he, (he, or they (hall, in the fame manner, renew fueh licence from year to year, paying down the refpedlive fums due for fuch licence, and fo yearly and every, year, as long as he,

(he, or they (hall continue to let fuch diligence, or other carriage, in manner aforefaid.

XXVII.	And be it further enafled by the authority afore- 9n^on® di* faid. That no perfon or perfons, folicenfed to let out diligences,

or other carriages, in manner aforefaid, (hall, by virtue of one virtueot one. licence, keip more than one diligence, or other carriage, for the licence, purpofe aforefaid.	.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Ail licenfed

faid. That all and every perfon or perfons, fo licenfed to ufeany ©ne happeninjr diligence or carriage as aforefaid, to and from ftage to ftage, or for every mile * from place to place, (hall pay to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc- their dili-ceflfors, the fum of one halfpenny for every mile every fuch car- V* riage or carriages (hall be fo ufed or travel, as aforefaid.	(hall travel 1

XXIX.	And,it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority and (hall de-aforefaid. That all and every perfon or perfons, fo licenfed to c*arc> wh?n ufe fuch diligence, or other carriage, as aforefaid, (hallr at the jjj*? lichee time of receiving fuch licence, declare from what place, and ro to and from’ what place, fuch diligence, or other carriage,'is intended to be what place* ufed, diftinguifhing the di(lanee or number of miles between lt»»intended the two extreme towns or other places fuch diligence or other andhowolten. carriage is to go, and the number of journies £ach fuch diligence or carriage is fo intended to be ufed, either in the day or

in the week, as the cafe may happen to be, that the fame may be inferted in fuch licence; and all and every perfon or perfons, fo licenfed for fuch purpofe as aforefaid, (hill give fecuiity, by bond, to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceifors, in the fum of twenty pounds, with a condition for the faithful accounting for and paying fuch fums as may be due for the journies fuch diligence or other carriages may have fo made.

XXX.	And, in regard it may be difficult to afeerffin the number Difcretionary

of times fuch licenfed diligences, or otner carriages, making/hortf ages	commTffi-

about London, may go in a day, it is hereby provided and enact- oner* iciative cd. That the commiffioners for managing the ftamp-duties, or to diligence*, the major part of them, or fuch officers as they (hall appoint in &c palling that behalf, (hall and may, and they are hereby impowered to	^

make fuch allowances as (hall appear to be juft to any perfon or miles of Lon-perfons licenfed to ufe any diligence, or other carriage, as afore- don.

faid, to go from and to return to London, where the diftance dots not exceed twelve meafured miles, upon oath made by the owner of fuch diligence, or other carriage, before the faid com-miflioners, or the major part of them, or fuch officers fo to be appointed, as to the number of journies actually made in a day by fuch diligence or other carriage, where the fame (hall differ from the number exprefled in fuch licences; which, oath the faid commifttoners are hereby required to adminifter, and to examine into all the circumftances relative to the number of jour-nies fo n?adfc by fuch diligence, or other carriage, as aforefaid,

U 3	any

Digitized by v^.ooQle

The name of

the owner of every dill-* gence, Scc. to be painted on

Where and

when the da t<es anting fioii* diti gences. See. nail be paid.

292	Anno	dccimo	nono	Georgii III. c. 51.	[1779.

any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding ;

'	•	.	and	the laid commiffioners, or the major part of them, are here-

by impowered to make fuch regulations, with refpect to fuch diligences, or other carriages, where fuch allowances are applied for, as they (hall, from time to time, find neceflary, as well tor the effectual lecpring the duties on fuch diligences, or other carriages, as doing juflice to the owners or proprietors thereof.

XXXl.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all and every perfon or perfons fo licenfed tp ufe every fuch carriage as aforefaid, (hall mark or paint, or caufe to be marked or painted, on the outfide pannel of each door, before rh/outfide ot he, (he, or they (hall ufe the fame for the purpofe aforefaid, his, each door. her, or their chriftian and furname, mentioning the place from whence they fet out, and to which they are going, in plain and legible characters; and every proprietor of every fuch diligence or other carriage as aforefaid licenfed to go from London to any other place, or from any other place to London; (hall, on the firft Monday in every month, between the hours of eight in the morning and two in the afternoon, unlefs the fame be an holiday, and then on the next day not being an holiday, clear the laid duties charged and become due by virtue of this a6l, by paying the fame to the receiver-general of (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to the proper officer for the time being for eolle&ing the faid duties, for the ufe of his Majelly, his heirs and fuccefTors, at the head office in Lincoln's Inv> or wherever *	elfe the fame be held; and if fuch proprietor or proprietors (Kail

be licenfed from any town in the country to any other town than London, then fuch proprietor or proprietorslhall clear the faid duties, by paying the fame to the perfon duly authorifed, by pommiflion under the hands and feals of three of his Majeftv’s comniiffioners of the (lamp-duties, to receive the fame, under the penalty of ten pounds,

Licenfed pro- XXXII. Provided always. That every fuch licenfed proprie-prictor of any tor or proprietors of any diligence ;br other carriage as afore ^ to ^veCfevcnC w^o iay down and difcorrfinue the ufe of the fame, days notice fhall 6,vc notice, in writing, feven days at lead before he, (lie,

' ~ or they (hall laydown or difeontinue fuch diligence or other carriage, and (hall have fuch notice indorfed upon the back of fuch his, her, or their licence or licences, or upon tire bond fo to be given as aforefaid, and from thencefortu, on payment of all arrears, (hall be no longer charged or chargeable for or in refpecl of fuch diligence or other carriage,

XXXIII. And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid receiver-general at the he*d office, and the uVUi oth^r collectors duly appointed to receive the duties hereby oi'the'inopies' *mpofed, (hall make an allowance to the fevenl pofttnafters, to be account- innkeepers, or other perfons licenfed as aforefaid, and they (hall ed for and be intitled refpe&ively to deduCl for their own gfe, at and after paid by them, the rate Qf three-pence ift the pound, out of the monies by them regularly accounted for and paid to fuch receiver-general or other collcClor, according to the direClions herein before contained. Penalty on XXXIV. And be it further enabled by the Authority aforefaid,

before be dif*

continue the tame.

Poftmafler*,

See. to be allowed \d. in the pound out

Digitized

?d by Google

1779.] Anno decimo nono Gecrgii III. c. $1.	293

faid, That if any perfon ftnll faifely make, forge, or counterfeit, forging any or caufe or procure to be faifely made, forged, or counterfeited, or wilfully ad or aflift in the falfe making, forging, or counter-	e

feiting, any ticket, by this ad authorifed or direded to be ufed, with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, of any of the faid duties, or ihall utter or publilh as true any falfe, forged* or counterfeited ticker, with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, of any of the faid duties; every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convided,

(hall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, to be levied and applied as herein before direded and declared.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Pecuniary

That all pecuniary penalties hereby impofed, amounting to mountin *to twenty pounds or more, (hall be divided and diftributed, to ^/^go one wit, one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, half to his and the other moiety thereof, with full cofts of fuit, to fuch Majeity, and perfon or perfons who fhall inform and fue for the fame, in any ^^f^mer pf his Majefty’s courts at H^e/lminjler^or offences committed in	'

England, IValts^ or Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majefty’s

court of feflion,*court of judiciary,* or court of exchequer, in Scotland, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, protedion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, fhall be allowed.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the Two juftices* authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for m?y deter-any two or more juftices of the peace, refiding near the place aeainft where the offence fhall be committed, to hear and determine this atffif the any offence againft this ad, which fubjeds the offender to any penalty does pecuniary penalty not exceeding twenty pounds; which faid notexceedio/. juftices of the peace are hereby authorifed and required, upon

any information fexhibited, or complaint made, in that behalf, to fummon the party accufed, and alfo the witneffes on either fide, and upon the appearance or contempt of the party, fhall proceed to the examination of the matter offad ; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confeflion.of the party, or by oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, to give judgement or fentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this ad is direded, and to award and ifliie * out thfeir warrants, under their hands and feals, for the levying any pecuniary penalties or forfeitures fo adjudged, on the goods of the offender, apd to caufe fale to be made thereof, in cafe they fhall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where the goods of fuch offender cannot be found fufficiem to anfwer the penalty, to commit fuch offender to prifon, there to remain until fuch pecuniary penalty fhall be paid and fatisfied ; and if either partv (hall find himfelf ag- Perfons aggrieved by the judgement of the faid juftices, then he or they	m*Y

(hall or may, upon giving fecurity to the amount of the value ^ar^rfef-C of the penalties and forfeitures (p awarded by fuch two juftices, don<. appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next general quarter feflions for that county, riding, or place, who are hereby im-

. U 4	powered

Digitized by L.00Q le

Juftictt may mitigate the pena ties.

Jtecever? general of liamp-d itiei to pay the *junet granted by this aft • into the exchequer.

Auditor to keep a lepa-tate account thereof.

Psrt of an aft of 9 Ann* repealed.

Perfons fupd tor any thing done in pur-

Anno dcci'mo nono Georgii III. 0.51.	[1779-

powered to fummon and examine witnefles, upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame* and in cafe of convi<5ti-on, to iflue warrants for levying the penalties as aforefaid.

XXXVII.	Provided neverthelefs, That it (hall and may be % lawful to and for the faid refpeftive juftices, where they lhall fee caufe, to mitigate and leflen any fuch penalties as they fhali think fit, reafonable cofts and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the difeovery as in profccutmg the fame, being always allowed over and above fuch mitigation, and fo as fueh mitigation do not reduce th£ penalties to lei's than double the duties over and above the faid cofts and charges ; any thing contained in this aft, or any other aft of parliament, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral duties herein-befoce granted (hall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the rece ver-genera! for the time being of the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who (hall keep a feparate and diftincl account of the feveral rates and duties, and pay the fame (the neceflary charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being dedufted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at fuch time, and in fuch imnner, as the duties, now charged on (lamped vellum, parchment or paper, are direfted to be paid; and that in the office of • the auditor of the faid receipt (hall be provided and kept a booh or books, in fohich all the monies arifing from the faid feveral rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hail be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, upon any account whatfoever; and the faid money, lo paid into the faid re-cept of exchequer as aforefaid, (hall, together with fuch other rates, duties and revenues, as (hall be granted by any aft or afts of this feffion of parliament for this purpofe, be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and expences as are direfted to be paid and payable purfuant to an aft of this prefent feffion of parliament, (intituled, An a& for roifing a certain fum of money by way of annuities, and for efia-bUJhing a lottery.)

XXXIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid* That fo much of an aft, made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, (intituled. An aft for ejiablifbing a general poft-office for all her Majefty's dominions, and for fettling a • weekly fum out of the revenues thereof for the fervice of the war, and other her Majefty's octaftons,)' as reftrains any peAons, other than the poftmaifler-genera! for the time being, and the refpec-tive deputies and fubftitutes of fuch poftmafter-general, from preparing or providing, or from letting to hire, or furniffiing horfes or furniture for riding pod within this kingdom, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void.

XL. And^be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times be (ued, • molefted, or profecutea, for any thing by«hio> or .them dane:qr~

executed-

Digitized by

executed in purfuance of this a£t, or of any claufe, matter, or fuance of this thing, herein contained, fuch per Ton or perfons fhall and may a£t, may plead plead the genera! iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence general for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict *fhall pafs ancTrecover for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs be- trc^\c cofts. ; come nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall Have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff'or or plaintiffs.

CAP. LII,

An aft for taking off the duty upon all fait ufed in the curing of pilch-ards, and laying a proportionable duty upon all pilchards confumed at home only.	>

WHEREAS, by an aB of parliament, pajjed in the fifth Preamble.

year of the reign of his late majefty King George the firjly intituled, An aCt for recovering the credit of the Britijh fifhery Recital of an in foreign parts, and for better fecuring the duties on faity pitch- 5Gco* *• ards cured for exportation are exempted from the payment of any duty on fait to his Majefty, except the cufioms payable on the importation thereof : And whereas of late times the pilchard fifhery hath been fo much increafed, that the demands of foreign markets have been found infufficient to take off and vend the quantities of pilchards cured at a price adequate to encourage and prefervt a fifhery fo valuable: And whereas, upon a ferious view and invejiigation of the Jlate of the faid fifhery, there is reafon to hope that the fame may be preserved, and carried on in its full extent,if under proper regulations, a reafo-nable abatement were made in the duty on fait ufed in the curing of all fucb pilchards as may be appropriated for home confumption; be ^tCf it therefore enaCted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by 1?79i duties* and'with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tem- on laic ufed in poral, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and pifeh-by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth day conrumptiorTe of Ytf/y, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, the t0 ceat? ° # duties now payable on fait ufed in curing of pilchards for home confumption, fhall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid.

II. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That New oath to at the beginning of every fifhing feafon for pilchards, the pro- be taken by prietor or proprietors of the fait delivered duty-free for the cur- the proprie-ing of pilchards for exportation, purfuant.to the faid a<ff, or his fors °( or their agent or agents, fhall,.ihftead of the oath required by the f^at the'be-faid adt, make oath* in writing, before the officer for the duty ginning of the on fait, at the office neareft to the place where the fait is lodged, tithing (eafon (who is hereby empowered to adminifter the fame,) declaring tw pilchard* the quantity of the foreign or Britijh fait refpedtively lodged for ■ the curing of fi(h, and that all the faid fait is intended for the curing of lilh for exportatiorvonly, and (hall not, by his or their order, confent, or connivance, direCtly or indirectly, be fold, given away, or any way delivered, but for the purpofe afbrefaid, except fo much thereof as (hall be ufed for curing fuch pilch-.*	arda

Digitized by

Google

*96	Anno decimo nono Georgii HI. c.52.	[1779*

ards as (hall be entered with the office of the place for borne cott-fomption, and charged with the duties by this a<5l chargeable thereon.

III. And be it enafled by the authority aforefaid, That every curer of pilchards, from -and after the fifth day of July, one thou-fand feven hundred and feventy-nine, before lie removes any pilchards (except for exportation) from the office, cellar, or place, where the fame (hall be cured, (hall, from time to time, make entry thereof at the next fait office; and (hall pay to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, a duty of five (hillings and two-pence halfpenny for every cask or barrel, containing fifty gallons of cured .pilchards, Co to be removed, and fo in proportion for a greater or Icfs quantity, in lieu and full fatisfadlion of any other duty impofed or laid on Britijb or foreign fait, to his Majefty, in refpeft of pilchards cured as aforefaid, for home coniumption; and that no fuch curer (hall fell a lefs quantity than twenty five gallons of pilchards at any one time; and that fuch pilchards (hall be packed or pat up in cafks, each cafk not containing lefs than twenty-five gallons, and the contents of fuch cafk (hall be marked on the heads thereof, by the proper officer of the commiflioners of the fait duties; and upon entry and payment of the duty, and marking fuch cafks as aforefaid, a permit (hall be given gratis by the falt-ofticer, exprefling the contents of the calks for the which the duty (hall be paid, as aforefaid, and the marks of fuch cafks, and for what place the fame are intended, and whether to be fent by land or water carriage; on pain of forfeiting all the pilchards that (hall be fold in lefs quantities than herein-before mentioned, or that fhall be removed or carried away before entry is made, and the duty paid, and without the casks containing fuch quantity of pilchards at the Jeaft, and being marked, and fuch permit obtained as afore-faid, and of the cask or veflel in which fuch pilchards fhall be found, and alfo the fum of forty (hillings for every twenty-five gallons of pilchards fo fold or removed, and fo in proportion for 9 greater or lefs quantity, to be recovered from the perfo* of perfons who (hall fo fell, remove, or carry away, the fame; one moiety thereof for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceff-ors, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who (hall feize, foe, or inform for the fame, to be fued for, recovered, and levied, in fuch manner and form, and with fuch power of mitigation, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be fued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated, by any law of excife, or by a&i-t>n of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any "of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler 5 and all and every officer and officers bf his Majefty’s cuftoitis, excife, or duties upon fait, are hereby authorifed and impowered to feize all fuch pilchards fo fold in lefs quantities than herein-before mentioned, or removed or carried away before entry and payment of dujy, and all other things performed as aforefaid, and the faid cafks or veffels wherein they (hall be found.

Retailer* of IV, be it further enatfed, That -no perfon or perfons pilchards not	'	purcha-

Pilehards for borne consumption to be entered at the next falt-©flke; and a duty Of 5 s.td. halfpenny* to be paid for $very ca(k of go gallons.

No curer to fell lefs than *5 gaHons at a time.

On entry and payment of the duty,

&c. a permit to be given gratis by the Jalt-oflicer.

Penalty on felling in lefs quantities than above-mentioned, &Q.

Digitized by v^-ooQle

1779-] Anno decimonono Georgii III. C.53.	297

purchafmg pilchards to fell by retail (hall, at any one time, buy to buy left a lefs quantity than twenty-five gallons, and (bail alfo be ob- than25gal-liged, upon demand, or inquiry made of him or them for that purpofe, by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, in difcover the fome reafonable time of the day, to difcover to fuch officer or names of the officers the name or names; and place or places of abode, of the curers* curer or vendor of any quantity or quantities of pilchards then in his pofleffion; and that if any fuch retailer fliali purchafe a lefs Penalty* quantity of pilchards than is before mentioned, or (hall, upon fuch demand or inquiry, refufe to difcover the name and place . of abode of any fuch curer or vendor, every perfon fo offending (hall, in each cafe, forfeit the quantity or quantities of pilchards fo purchased, or refpe&ing which fuch demand or inquiry (hall be made, and the cafk or cafks (if any) wherein the lame fttall be contained, and alfo the fum of forty (hillings, to be recovered by the ways or means, and in manner herein-before mentioned or diredted.

V.	And be it further enadled, That the proprietor or pro- Proprietors of prietors of the fait delivered duty-fee for curing pilchards for feltdefi*cred exportation, his, her, or their agent or agents, (hall in the ac- curTne^tlch^ count which, after the end of every fi(hing feafon, they are to ardsforex-" deliver in writing into the falt-office, containing the quantity of port at ion, are, fifh exported, or entered and (hipped to be exported* on which ln their ac-the falt'takcn away, after its delivery into the foie euftody of the ^"ofVhe1* faid proprietor or proprietors, his, her, or their agent or agents, fcafon, to ex-has been ufed or confumed, as by the former law is directed, prefsthe (and under the penalties thereby preferibed,) exprefs alfo the quantity en« quantity of pilchards entered for home confumption, on which jf0r^fc^,rn. fuch fait has been ufed or confumed.	fumption,"ort

Vf. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in cafe which fuch the duties of excife on fait* (which now amount to three fak ha* been (hillings and four-pence per bulhel on home-made fait, and fix “fcd*

(hillings and eight-pence per bufhel on foreign fait,) or any of	fait

them, (hall ceafe, determine, or be redeemed by parliament, fhould be lelT* then the rate or duty of five (hillings and two-pence halfpenny ened, then for every cafk or barrel, containing fifty gallons, hereby impok the aforefaid ed upon cured pilchards for home confumption, (hall ceafe, or be letfened in proportion to the duties on fait that (hall fo ceafe, t>e iefiened in determine, or be redeemed; any thing herein contained to the proportion. ' contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LIU.

An aft for difeent inning the duties on cotton-wool, the growth and produft of the Britiih colonies or plantations in America, exported

from this kingdom.

WHEREAS the importation of cotton wool, the growth and Preamble.

produft of the Britifh colonies and plantations in America, may he increafed, and the manufafture thereof promoted and encouraged,

'if the duties now payable on the exportation thereof from this kingdom are difeontinued j be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod

excel-]

Digitized by

Google

After June 14., 1779* the du-tie» on the exportation of cotton-wool, the growth of the #riti(h colonies in America, (hall ceafe.

The aforefaid cotton-wool to be duly entered, and Hr pped in the pretence'of proper offi. cers, &c. or otherwife liable to the duty.

Preamble.

16 Geo. 3, Cap.4j, ie-cited.

and further continued dll July 1,1779.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C. 54. [ 1779.

excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thar, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, the duties now payable upon cotton^ wool, the growth or produce of the Britijb colonies or plantations in America, exported from this kingdom to any parts beyond the Teas, fhall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable ; any law, cuftom, or ufage, tf> the contrary notwith-ftanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That due entries fhall be made at the cuftom houfeof all fuch cotton-wool, in the fame manner and form, expreffmg the quantities and qualities thereof, as was ufed and praftifed before the making of this aft; and fuch cotton-wool fhs*H be (hipped outwards in the prefence of the proper officers of the cuftoms appointed for that purpofe; and the exportation thereof fhall be in Britijb~bu\\t fhips or veflels, navigated according to law;.and on failure of the faid conditions and di-reftions, or any or either of them, the faid cotton-wool fhall be liable to the fame duty as if this aft had never been made; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwittiftand-ing.

CAP. LIV.

An aft for further continuing, for a limited time, an aft, made in the fxteenth year of the rfign of fais prefent Majefly, intituled\ An aft to authorife, fora limited time, the punifhment, by haid labour, of offenders who, for certain criqies, are or (hall become liable to be tranfported to any of his Majefty’s colonies and plantations.

WHEREAS an aft of parliament was made in the fxteenth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefly, intituled, an aft to au-thorife, for a limited time, the punifhment, by hard labour, of offenders who, for certain crimes, are or fhall become liable to be tranfported to any of his Majefty’s colonies and plantations:. And whereas the faid at1 was continued, by an aft made in the lafl fiff on of' parliament, until the fir (I day of June one thoufand fevea hundred and feventy-nine: and whereas it is expedient further to continue the faid firfl- mentioned aft for a further time to be* limited; be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prerent parliament aflembled, and* by the authority of the fame. That the faid aft fhall be, and is hereby further continued from the faid firft day of June, until the firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine. f

CAP,

Digitized by

Google

CAP. LV.

An aft for enlargingthe times appointed for the meetings of commif-, fioners or truflees for putting in execution certain afts of this fejfton of parliament. *	%

WHEREAS certain afts may hate been made and faffed in this prefent fejfum of parliament, appointing the firft meetings of the commijflonirs or truflees for putting fuch afts in execution upon certain days, which have elapfed before, or, happened ufcn% the refpeftive days of pajflng fuch aftsy ana doubts may arifey whether in fuch cafes the commiflioners or truflees appointed in and by fuch afts are authorifed to meet and carry fuch afts into execution ; may k therefore plcafe your Majefty that it may be enabled ; And be it enadled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con fen t of the lords fpiritual and .temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That in cafe any adt or adls of parliament hath or have pafled during this prefent feflion of parliament, and the commiflioners or truftees for putting fuch adl or adls in execution (hall not have met and holden their firft meetings on the refpe&ive days appointed by fuch adls refpedliveiy, oc (hall have met and holden any meetings without fufficient authority fo to do, .it (hall and may be lawful for fuch commif-fioners or truftees, or fuch number of them as by fuch adls are authorifed to meet and to pgt fuch adls in execution, to meet and proceed in the execution of fuch adls refpedliveiy, on or before the day fortnight next after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament; and all fuch meetings fo had, (hall and are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and effedtual, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if the commiflioners or truftees had met and proceeded to put fuch adls in execution on the days appointed in and by fuch refpedtive adls, or as if they had been authorifed by fuch refpeclive adls to have holden meetings on the days on which any meetings may have been already holden, as aforefaid ; and all adls, matters, and things, which (hail be done by fuch commiflioners or truftees in the execution of fuch adls refpedliveiy, (hall be as valid and effedlual in all refpedls, and to all intents and purpofes whatsoever* as if their firft meetings had been held on the days appointed by fuch adls refpedliveiy, or as if they had been authorifed by fuch refpec-tive adls to have holden meetings on the days on which any meetings may have been already holden as aforefaid.

Preamble.

If the com-raiflioners or truftees ip-pointed to execute anj aft of this feflion, (hall not have met as therein appointed, See. they may meet on or before the day fortnight next after the end of this fed!on.

CAP. LVI.

An aft for altering, amending, and enforcing, fo much of an aft% made in the fiventeentb year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, intituled, An adl for granting to his Majefty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all perfons adling as audlioneers;

a	and

Digitized by

3°Q

Anno decimb nono GfeoftGit IIL c.56.	[1^79;

And certain rates and duties on all lands* houfes, goods, and other things, fold by auction j and upon indentures, leafes, bonds, deeds, and other inftruments; as rtlaUs to the method of granting licences to auctioneers, and to the collecting the duties on eft ate* and goods fold by auftion.

Preamble.

w H E R E A S, by an aft, made in the feventeenth year af the

17 Geo. 3, cap. 50, le-cited.

7

reign of his prefent Majejty, intituled, Ao adt for gra nting to his Majefty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all perfons ading as auctioneers * and certain rates and duties on all lands, houfes, goods, and other things, fold by auction * and upon indentures, leafes, bonds, deeds, and other inftru-ments; certain duties were impofed bn all licences to be taken out by perfons felling eftates, goods and chattels, by auftion, atid on the pur chafe-money of the things fo [old: and whereas the powers, rules, and regulations, therein prefenbed for afertaining, /ecu ring, and colliding, the [aid duties, and for preventing frauds therein, have been found ineffectual to fecure the payment thereof \ and the fetid duties have, by reafon of various frauds and evafeons, been greatly decreoftd or withheld; far remedy thereof, and for the better fecuring the payment of the faid duties, be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, IVt of the faid That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thOufand fev«n repealed, hundred and feventy-nine, the feveral powers, rules, regulations, and provifions, by the faid adt given and directed, for granting licences to auctioneers, and for collecting and managing, the duties by the faid act impofed on licences to be granted to perfons felling by auction, aod on the puroliafe-money of the eftates, goods, and effects fo fold, (hall ceafe and determine, and be no longer ufed, except in all cafes relating to the recovery of any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the faid duties, or to any penalty or forfeiture which fhall have been incurred upon, or at any time before, the faid fifth day of July! one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nino, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

1"he duty II. rfnd whereas, by the faid recited aft, it is, among!/ other ww, vvu, from and after the twenty-ninth day of Sepr tember, one thoufand feven hundred and fevtnty-feven, there Jhell be ruifed, •levied, colic fted, and paid, in fuch manner as in the faid aft is mentioned, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, bis heirs and fuc-ceffors, the fum of'Jixpence for every twenty [hillings, out of the pur chafe-money aripng by jale at auftion of all plate and jewels: and whereas the faid duty of fixpence in every twenty Jhillings, out of the purchafe money of the faid goods, has been found to prevent, it a great tneaj'ure, {he Jale of the faid goods by auftion, to the prejudice of the revenue intended to be raifed by the faid aft , be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine* the faid duty of fixpencc in every twenty (billings, out

of

of

pound out of the purchafe-pioney of plate and jewels, repealed *

Digitized by

i^9*] Anno dccimo nono GeorCii lit; c. 56.	301

of the parchafe^money of the faid goods* (hat! be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that the fum of three-pence for every twenty (hillings, out of the purchafe-mooey ariGng by fale at audion of ail plate and jewels, (hall be railed, levied, and a duty of^ and colleded, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and * fucceffors; the faid duty to be paid, accounted for, recovered, luted inttead and applied in fuch and the like manner as the other rates and theieoi. duties, granted by the faid recited ad upon Tales by audion* are direded to be paid, accounted for, recovered, and applied $ any thing therein, or in this prelent act, contained to the contrary hotwithftanding.

. III. And, for the better preventing the like frauds, and for No perfon td the more tffedual fecuring the payment of the duties, by the fell eftates, faid ad impofed, be it further enaded by the authority afore- g°od* &c. as faid, Thar, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one without00^1 thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nirte, no perfon whatever, having taken hot already licenfed according to the faid ad, who now, or at out a licence* any time or times hereafter doth or (hall excercife the trade or bufmefc of an audioneer, or fdier by commillion, at any Tale of any eftate, goods, or efFeds whatfoever, by outcry, knocking down of hammer, by candle, by lot, by parcel, or by arty other mode of (ale at audion, err whereby the htgheft bidder is deemed to bo the purchafer* or who (hall ad in fuch Capacity; fhall prefume to deal in, vend, or fell, any ertate, goods, or effeds whatfoever, by publick fale or otherwife, by way of audion as aforefaid* in any manner whatfoever, without firft taking out a licence, in manner herein after mentioned, before he, (he, or they (hallfo put up to fale, or fell, any (uch eftatc, goods, or effeds, by public fale, by way of audion, as aforefaid ; and in which licence (hall be fet forth the true name and real place of abode of the perforl or persons taking out the fame, for which he, (he,' or they (hall immediately, upon taking, out thereof, pay down for each and every licence, fo to be taken out from time to time, the feveral fums of twenty (hillings and five (hillings, by the faid ad granted; over and befides any other duties or payments to which fuch perfon or perfons may be liable for trading in, vending, or felling, any gold or filvef plate, or otherwife, in manner following; that is to fay, 1/fuch Where licences be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excife in London* then fuch licences, whether they be granted England and for felling by way of audion within the faid limits, or in any Wales; other part of England or IVals^ (hall be granted under the hands and feals of two or more of his Majelty’s commiffioners for the duties of excife for the time being, or of fuch perfon or perfons as the commiffioners of excife (hall from time to time ^appoint for that purpofe, and the faid refpedive duties (hall.be paid at the faid chief office of excife in London; bat if the licence for felling by audion, in the partr of England and IFales* not within the faid limits, (hall be taken out without the limits aforefaid, then fuch licences (hall be granted under the hands and feals,of the feveral collcdors and fupervifors of excife within

theii*

Google

d

302	Anno dcctmo nono GfioROil III. c.56.	[ c 779.

their refpeftive colleftions and diftrifts, and the faid duty offivc (hillings, by the faid a<5t impofed, (hall be paid for the fame to the colleftor of exdfe who (hair grant and deliver the fame : and where for and in cafe fuch licences (hall be token out within the limits of Scotland.	the chief office of excife in Scotland, fuch licences (hall be

granted under the hands and feals of two or more of his Majefty’s commiflioners of excife in Scotland for the time being, or of (uch pcrfon or pcrfons as the commiflioners of excife in Scotland (hail appoint for that purpofe, and the duty of five (hillings, by the faid aft impofed for the fame, (hall be paid at the chief office of excife in Scotland, in the fame manner as is herein-before defcribed in regard to the licences to be taken out within the limits of the chief office of excife in London, but if fuch licences (hall be taken oat in any part of Scotland, not within the limits of the chief office of excife in Scotland, then fuch licences (hall be granted under the hands and feals of the feveral colleftors and fupervi-fors of excife in Scotland, within their refpeftive colleftions and diftrifts, and the faid duty by the faid aft impofed for the fame, 'Xhallbe paid, by each and every perfon and perfons fo taking out fuch licences, to the colleftor of excife who (hall fo grant and deliver the fame; and fuch refpeftive commiflioners of epccife, and the pcrfons fo to be appointed, as aforefaid, by them refpeftively, and alfo fuch colleftors are hereby refpcftively authorifed and required to grant and deliver fuch licences to the perfons who (hall apply lot the fame, upon their paying the duty by the faid aft directed to be paid for each and every fuch licence.

Licences to be IV* And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, renewed an- That every perfon or perfons already licenfed, or who, after iiually. the faid fifth day of July, one thouiand feven hundred and feventy-nine, (ball take out any fuch licence as aforefaid, is, and are hereby required to take out a frefh licence, ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve calendar months afrer taking out the firft licence, before he, (he, or they do prefume to vend or fell, by way of auftion, as aforefaid, and in the fame manner to renew every fuch licence from year to year, paying down the like futn of twenty (hillings, or five (hillings, refpeftively, by the/aid aft impofed for each and every new or renewed licence. Penalty on at pl*cc and at the times before-mentioned: and it any per-fclling goods, fon or perfons not already licenfed as aforefaid, (hall prefume &c. by auftion 0r offer to vend or fell by way of auftion as aforefaid, 'without cehccUor&with	ta^n6 out fuch licence, or without renewing the fame

outduly re- * yearly in manner as'aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, if hewing the-	the offence fhall be committed within the limits of the chief

Came.	office of excife in London, forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence,

the fum of one hundred pounds; and if fuch offence (hall be committed in any place without the faid limits, then fuch perfon or perfons (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

The feveral V. And whereas, by the /aid recited aft, a rate of duty of three-duties of’j dr pence is to be railed, levied, collected, and paid, for every twenty ^unVgrdnt- fallings of the purcbofe-monty ariftng by fale at auftion of any inter eft.

Digitized by ooQle

1779*1 Anno tfecimo nono Georgii III-C. 56.	303

in pojfejfton or reverfion, in any freehold^ copyhold,	leofebold lands,	ed by the for-

tenements, boufes, $r hereditaments, and of any annuities or fums of	!®

charged thereon, and of any utenfih in hujbandry and farming pro^mon for /£//>;, vejfels, and of any rcverfionary inter efts in the any^greater or publuk funds,	the fum of fixpence for every twenty Jbillings out of lefs (urn.

/A* purchase-money arifing by fade at auction of all fixturex, furniture, jewels^ piftwres, booksy horfes and carriages,	all other

goods and chattels whatsoever; turd whereas it may be doubted whether the faid refpeftive rates and duties fo imported as ajorefaidy are payable for any part of fuch pur chafe-money not amounting to the Jum of twenty Jhillings: Now, to obviate all fuch doubts, it is hereby enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the faid refpedive rates and duties of three-pence and fixpence fo imposed, as aforefaid^ was intended to be charged, and is hereby declared to be charged and chargeable, for every twenty (hillings of the faid purchafe-money, and in proportion for any greater or lefler fum of the purchafe-money arifing or to arife by fates at audion.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid* After July 5, That, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufahd j*?. feven hundred and feventy-nine, the faid refpedive sates and tic^Oiall be a duties of three-pence and fixpence by the faid a& impofed, (hall charge upon . be, and are hereby declared to be, a charge upon every audio- the auctioneer neer or feller by commifiion, immediately from and after the immediately knocking down of the hammer or other doling of the bidding, fng ofevery " at every fale by way of audion, and that the rates and duties fa*, fo charged (hall be paid, by every fuch audioneer or feller by commifiion, in manner, and at the times hereinafter men-

tioned.

VII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Every audio*. That, from and after the faid fifth day of Julyy one thoufand neer within feven hundred and feventy-nine, every perfon not already li- exedfe-cenfed, ading as audioneer as aforefaid, at any publick faJe or 0£gcc in L~on. audion within the limits of the chief office of fxcife in London, don, when he fhafl, at the time of receiving the licence, give fecurity by bond t.ak«8 out h,a to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, in the fum of two {j^^ndtoii# hundred pounds, with two or more fufficient fureties, which Majefty, in fecurity the commiflioners for the duty of excife for the time 100/. with fu-being, or any two or more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons reties, that he as the faid commiflioners of excife (ball from time to time ap-	"breach

point to deliver out the licences as aforefaid, is and are hereby	deliver!

authorifed and impowered to,take, that he will, within twenty- at the (aid of-eight days after each and every fale by way of audion, deliver, fice, a partico-at the chief office of excife in London, to the perfon or perfons lar acc^u^ who (hall be appointed by the commiflioners of excife to re- 1 ercg 9	*

ceive the fame, an exad and particular account in writing of the total amount of the money bid at each fale, and of the fcveral articles, lots, or parcels, which (hall have been there fold*, and the price of each and every fuch article, lot, or parcel; and at the fame time make payment of all fuch fum and Turns of money as (hall b£ due and payable to his Maiefty, in purfuance Vol. XXXII.	X

Digitized by LjOoq le

3^4	Anno deckno nono Gkchgii HI. c. 56. [1779.

of, and according to the true inteot and meaning of this a&; which fum or futns of money he is hereby authopfed and iro-powered to retain out of the produce anting by fetch fide, or depofit made ad fuch fate, or otherwise recover the fame by* a&ion of debt, or on the cafe, againft the perfon or perfons by yhom fuch auctioneer (hail be employed^ or on whofe account and (hall make fiich goods (hall be (b fold; and every perfon fo acting as oath to the auctioneer, or the perfon who aCted as his clerk at fuch fale, if truth of tuch any, (hall make oath to the truth of each and every fuch ac-account* count before the commiflioners of excife, or one of them, or before fuch perfon as the faid commiflioners ef excife (hall *p-point to receive the fame; which oath the faid com mi (Boners of excife, or one of them, or other perfon fo to be appointed as aforefaid, is and are hereby authorifed and hnpowered to If auctioneer adminiftcr : and in cafe the att&ioneer giving fuch bond (ball (hall not fulfil RCgJeifl to deliver in his account, or to make payment of the of*be bond,0* anc* duties as herein directed, or if it (hall appear that the commiflioners account delivered in by fuch auctioneer was not a true and of^scife may juft, account, or that the faid auctioneer hath a&ed contrary to putkinftMt. the true intent and meaning of fuch bond, and of this prtfont a£h, it (hall and may be lawful for the laid commiflioners of excifo to caufe fuch bond to be put in fuk, unleft they-(ball Bod fufficient csuife to forbear the fame, and thereupon, in cafe of a verdieft or judgement againft the defendant, fueh licence (hall thenceforth become void to all intents and purpofes.

Everyauftia* VIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, over in Great That each and every perfon fo acting as afore&id, at every fech ®ritain» puhbck auction, in any part of Great Britam not* within the nits of the ex-	°f *he faid chief office of excife in London, (hall, at the

cife-office in time of receiving fuch licence, as aforefaid, give fccurity by London, (hall bond as aforefaid, in the fum of fifty pounds, which fectsrity give fecunty (hall be taken by the refpedtive commiflioners of excife in Gnat co/ that he*n &nta*n'> or ™Y two or more °f' them, refpetftively, or by fuch will, within fix	or perfons as the faid commiflioners of excife refpeeftively

weeks after (hall appoint to deliver out the faid licences, in like manner as each fate,deli, is herein-before mentioned and directed with regard to the c^a^account ^onds to ^ 8*ven w*thin the limits of the chief office of excife thereof &c. *n London, that he will, within fix weeks after every fale by au£tion, deliver in an ex2& and particular account, jn manner as is herein-before required to be delivered by perfons felling by au«Slion within the limits of the faid chief office of excife it* London, and (hall, at the fame time, make payment of all fuch fum and Turns of money as (hall be due and payable to his Ma-jefty, for and on account of each and every fale by way of auction by him made, from time to time, within fuch fix weeks / refpeftively; and all the powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, herein-before prescribed or contained, for the better levying, fecuring, or accounting for, the faid rates or duties within the limits of the faid chief office of excife if* London, (hah be obferved in ail other parts of Greet Britain, as if the feme were again particularly repeated and reena&cd.

o	IX. And

Digitized by

Google

1779. j Anno dfccimo nono GeoRGH III. c. 56.	305

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid} Ati^ionecrt That, from and after the faid fifth day of july> one thoufand ^exd^e’oU feven hundred and Seventy nine, every fuch audioneer, or feller gCCj &Ct prcJ by commiflion, felling by auction within the limits of the faid vious notice of chief office of excite in London, (hall, two days at leaft before «ach f*le; and he, (he, or they do begin any fale by way of audion, deliver,	^

' or caufe to be delivered, at the faid chief office of excife, to the i0gue,c6ntaiiw perlon who (hall be appointed by the commiffioners of excife to ing an cxaft receive the feme, a notice in writing, figned by fuch auctioneer, enumeration fpecifyiDg in fuch nptice the particular day when fuch fale by j**tbe audion is to begin ; and (hall, at the fame time, or within a,t 0	°	*

twenty-four hours after, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the perfoh fo to he appointed as aforefaid, a written or printed catalogue, attefted and figned by fuch audioneer, or his known clerk $ in which catalogue (hall be particularly exprefied and enumerated each and every article, lot, parcel, and thing, by fuch audioneer intended to be fold at fuch audion j and every fuch audioneer, felling by audion in any part of Great Britain, not within the limits of the faid chief office of excife in Lcndoni (hall, at leaft three days before he, (he, or they do begin any (ale by way of audipn, deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the colkdor of excife, in whofe colledion fuch fale is intended to be, or at the office of excife next to the place where fuch fale is intended to be, a like notice in writing, figned by fuch audioneer, fpecifying therein the particular day when fuch (ale is to begin; and (hall, at the fame time, or within twenty-four hours after, deliver or caule to be delivered, to fuch cdledor, or at the office o( excife next to the place where fuch (hie is intended to be, a written or printed catalogue, attefted and figned by fuch audioneer, or his known clerk; in which catalogue (hall be particularly exprefied and enumerated each and every article, lot, parcel, and thing, by fuch audioneer intended to be fold at fuch audion : and if any fuch audioneer on penalty of (hall prefume to fell any eftate, goods, or effeds, by way of audion, without delivering the notices and catalogues hereinbefore required to be delivered, or (hall, at any :uch fale, (ell any eftate, goods, or effeds* not particularly exprefied or enumerated in fuch catalogue, every fuch audioneer (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds.

X: And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Any an£Ko-«f any fuch audioneer, fo felling by audion at any place within nfe™i England or IVaki* not within the limits of the faid chief office ^thinthe of excife in London, (hall not be prepared to deliver in the ac- limits oF the count, by this ad required, to the colledor of excife within excife office»a whole colledion fuch notice was delivered, and luch fale by J^ndon, audion made, then, and in fuch cafe, fuch audioneer (hall, and	to

he is hereby permitted and reqifired to deliver in his account of deliver in hit fuch fake, within fix weeks after every fuch fale, at the faid account of any chief office of excife in London, and to the perfon appointed to [aj5 lh€C?Jr receive the fame, and (lull* at the fame time, deliver to the ^aH,whh'u»Cfix /ame potion, a true copy of the notice* apd of the catalogue wc«kt after c	X	2	by	luch fale, dc-

306	Anno decimo nono Georgii III. G.56. [1779.

liver it aMhe by him before delivered to the faid oolleCtor, and if any fuch London^6 0 au<^*onecr foal I negieCl to deliver fuch copy of the Taid notice* on on. ar Itlc catalogue, every auctioneer offending therein (hall* for each offence, forfeit and iofe the fnm of twenty pounds.

If the Tale by XL And whereas it may fometimes happen that jales at aufiicnof auction of any ejlates or goods may be rendered null and void* by reafon that the eitate, &c,	per fin, for whofi benefit the fame fhall be fold, had no title to, or no

fhaij be ren- r^yt t0 ^jp0j'e Qf tfo fame . be it further enaCted by the authoirty owing to a de- aforefaid, That, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one te&ive title, thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, if any fale by auCtion the auctioneer, of any eftate, goods, or chattels, (hall be rendered void, , by ^lain^o^he™ rea^on l^at !^e Per^on f°r whofe benefit the fame was fold had co^miflionert no ntle to the fame, cr no right to difpofe thereof, then, and in of excife, or every foch cafe, it rtiall and may be lawful for the auctioneer, jnftices of	who paid the duty for the things fo fold, or for the perfon for

peace;	whofe benefit the fame was fo fold, to lay his, her, or their

complaint before the commiflioners of excife, or juftices of the peace, whithin whofe jurisdiction refpeCtively fuch fale was who (hall hear made; and the faid commiflioners of excife, or juftices of the and deter- peace, refpeCtively, upon fuch complaint to them made, by or> minet e ame, Qn ^ behalf of fuch auctioneer, or by or on the behalf of the* perfon for whofe benefit the fame was fold, (hall, and are re* quired to hear and determine a|) fuch complaints, and examine the witnefles upon oath which (hall be produced, as well on the behalf of the party making fuch complaint, as on the behalf of all and every other party and parties; which oath they have hereby power to adminifter; and thereupon, or by other due proof, to relieve the party fo complaining of fo much of his, her* or their refpeCtive payments, as (hajl be fo made out before them to have been over-paid ; any thing in this ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

Whereowners . XII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enafied by the authority bfd^lfemfclves af°re*ai^> That in cafe the real owner of any eftate, goods, or or employ * effefls, put up to fale by way of au&ion, (hall become the pur-others to bid chafer, by means of his own bidding, or the bidding of any tor thrm. an other perfon on his behalf, or for his ufe, at fuch fale, without the duties \%x ^rau^ or c°Nufi6n, then, and in fuch cafe, the refpeCtive com-b/madeVc- ° nniflioners of excife in Great Britain, and fuch collectors, fii-cordingly; pervifors, and other officers of excife, as are hereby refpeCtively authorifed, within their refpeCtive collections and diftfiCh, to receive the faid duties, are hereby authorifed and required to make an allowance to fuch owner of the duties arifing by this aCt upon fuch bidding 5 provided notice be given to the auctioneer before fuch bidding, both by the owner and the perfon

provided notice be given to the auttio

neer that fuch intended to be the bidder, of the latter being appointed by the uerlons are to former, and having agreed accordingly to bidat, the fale for the bid for the ufe an(j behoof of the feller; and provided fuch notice be verified owners, Stc.	^ oath Qf the au&ionccri as alfo the fairnefs and reality of

the faid tranfaCtion, to the bed of his knowledge and belief; and in cafe any dilute (hail arife whether fucb purchafe by the owner was not made by collufion, or .in order to tefien the full a	'	Jinn

Digitized by

Google

1779-1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c.56.	307

fum appointed by this aft to be paid, or concerning the fairnefs of fuch tranfaftion, then, and in fuch cafes, the proof thereof (hall lie upon the perfon afting as auftioneer; and on failure therein, or in cafe of arty unfair praftice, then no fuch allowance (hall be made as aforefaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by Certain aafti-

the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this aft contained (ball oa.8	1"djich

extend to any fale or falcs, by way of auftion, of eftates or

chattels, made by any rule, order, or decree, of his Majefty’s court of chancery, or of exchequer in England, before the matter in chancery, or the deputy remembrancer of the faid , court of exchequer 5 or by any order or decree of the courts of great fefiion$ in Walts, or by any order or decree of the court of fefiion or exchequer in Scotland refpeftively; or to any fuch fales made by the Eaft India company, or the Hudfon's Bay company \ or by order of his Majefty’s commiffioners for the duties of cuftoms or excife ; or by order of the board of ordnance, or commiflioners of the navy or viftualling offices; nor to the Cite by auftion of any goods diftrained for rent, or for nonpayment of tithes; any thing herein-before to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	Provided alfo. That nothing in this aft contained Not (hall extend to any auftion to be held, on the account of the granting*1 lord or lady of any manor, for the granting any copyhold or copyhold or cuftomary mefluages, lands, or tenements, lor the term of a cuftonuuy life or Jives,, or any number of years ; or to any auftion to be ,an<b> &c. . hdd for the letiing or clemiGng any mefluages, lands, or tenements, for the term of a life or lives, or any number of years,

to be created by the perfon or perfons on whofe account fuch auftion (hall be held ; or to the fale or Tales of any woods, coppices, produce of mines or quarries, or to any coptraft relating thereto, or to the cutting or working the fame, or to the fale of any materials ufed in the working of fuch mines or quarries refpeftively ; or to the fale of any cattle, and live or dead (lock, or unmanufaftured produce of land; fo as fuch fale or feles of wood?, coppices, produce of mines or quarries, 'cattle, corn, flock, or produce of land, be made whilft they continue on the lands producing the fame, and by the owner or owners of fuch lands, or proprietor or proprietors of, or adventurer or adventurers in, fuch mines or quarries refpeftively, or by his or their fteward or agent, ftewards or agents; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafted by the Neither this authority aforefaid. That nothing in this or in the faid ercited nor the aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge expend to any with the faid rate or duty, any eftate, goods, or chattels, fold fajc uncjer a Y at auftion, under the authority of any (heriff or under-(heriff, (heriff s ati-for the benefit of creditors, in execution of any judgement had ^horiV for ttc or obtained ; or any eftate or effefts of bankrupts, fold by order

of the affignee or aflignccs under any commiffion of bank- effcftiofbank>

X 3	ruptcy	i	rupts fold by

yo8	Anno dccimo nono Georgii IIL c. 56.	[17*79.

order of aflig ruptcy ; or any goods imported into this kingdom, by way of* neci, &c. merchandize, from any Britijb colony or plantation in etmeriea> the fame being of the growth, produce, or manufa&ure, of the laid colonies or plantation, on the firft (ale of fuch goods, by or for the account of the original importer to whom the fame were configned, and by whom they were entered at the cuftom-houfe at the port of importation, fo as fuch fale be made within twelvemonths after fuch goods (hall be fo imported1; nor to any (hips, or other tackle, apparel, and furniture, or the cargoes thereof, which may be taken and condemned as prize, which (hall be fold in this kingdom, by or for the benefit of the captors thereof; nor to charge with the faid rate or duty any fhtps or goods that may be wrecked or ftranded on the coaAs of this kingdom, and fold by au&ion for the benefit of the insurers or proprietors thereof, or which may be fold, free of duty, to defray the charges of falvage; nor to charge with the faid rate or duty any goods damaged by fire, and fold by order of and for the benefit of the infurers of fuch goods ; nor to fafes jna.de by truftees chofen in purfuance of an a<ft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. Ah a8 for rendering tie payment of the creditors of infobent debtors more equal and expeditious; and for regulating the diligence of the Uw by arrejlment and poinding 5 and for extending the privilege of bills to promiffiry notes; and for limiting aQ'nms upon bills and pro-miffory notes; in that part af Great Britain called Scotland 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

After July 5, XVI. And for the better and more effc&ual preventing frauds *779, aoftio- which may be practifed by audtioneers felling eftates, goods, or chattels, under the authority of Iheriffs, or their under-(heriffs, feized bv or un(^cr the order and direction of the aflignees under gny a flieriff in ex- commiflion of bankruptcy ; be it further enacted by the au-ecution, (hall thority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid fifth day of enumerate the July* one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, every fhcwtin'the	who	(hall	fell atau&ion any eftates, goods, or chat-

catalogue to tels, that have been feized by any (heriff or under-fheriff, or by be delivered their authority, and by them, or cither of them, taken for th* benefit of creditors, in execution of any judgement had and cemfiedbythc Gained, (hall fpecify and enumerate, in the catalogue by him (heriff, &c.:	to be delivered under the dire<5tions of this adl, as well the par-

ticular eftates and effeds to be fo^d, and alio theexadf fum to be levied under fuch execution ; and the iheriff or under-(heriff rcfpe&ively (hall, arid they are hereby required to fubferibe and fign every fuch catalogue, and to certify, at the foot thereof, that all and every the eftates, goods, and effe£b in fuch catalogue rcfpeiftively fpecified and enumerated, were realy and truly the property of the perfon againft whom fuch judgement was had and obtained, and that the fame, and evesy part And av&io- thereof, were actually feized in execution of the fame judge-ween employ- men*• and every au&ionecr who (hall be employed, by rhe ttfe&s at any aflignees under any commiflion of bankruptcy, to fell the effect baakrupt,Dall of any bankrupt, (hall likewife fpecify and enumerate in the

catalogue

1779*1 Anno dcdrtio nxmo Georgii III. r. 56.

3*9

catalogue to be by him delivered as aforefaid, the particular enumerate the goods and cffe&s then to be fold, and the aflignces, or the aflignee, if only one under fuch commiflion, (hall, and he and Jj^fonsfiwS^ they is and are hereby required to fubferibe and fign fuch cata- which (hall be logue, and to certify, at the foot thereof, that all and every the certified by the eftates, goods, chattels, and effects, in fuch catalogue refpectively a^gnees. Sec• fpecified and enumerated, were really and truly the property of the faid bankrupt at the time of fuing forth the faid commiflion ; which refpedlive catalogue, fo figned and certified as aforefaid, (hall be produced by every fuch auctioneer, to the perfon to whom fuch auctioneer is by this aCt dire&ed to deliver his account, before fuch auctioneer (hall be permitted

to pafs his account, or to have the fame allowed: and if fuch £cn?ie5r#on —....	^rr:   ' n^Ti lh*n“>occ. c

or

fheriff, under-(hcriff, aflignee, or aflignecs rcfpc&ively, fhall	who

infert, or fuffer or permit to be inferted, in any fuch catalogue fliallfufferany fo to be fubferibed, figned, *nd certified, as aforefaid, any eftate, estate, &c. to goods, chattels, or effects whatfoever, other than fuch as were	*n

realy and truly the property of the debtor or debtors, bankrupt which was^not or bankrupts, as aforefaid, refpedively 5 or if any fheriff or under- the property Iheriff (hall omit or negleft to certify on fuch catalogue'thc true of the debtor fum to be levied, or (hall certify thereon any falfe fum to be * levied, then, and in every fuch cafe, the party offending (hall, for every fuch offence refpeCtively, forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds.

XVII. Atid be it further enabled by the authority afordaid, Au&ionecrs That, from and after the faid fifth day of July* one thoufand employed to feven hundred and feventy-nine, every auctioneer who fhall be employed to fell any goods damaged by fire, fold by order of, henefit and for the benefit of, the infurer or infurers of fuch goods, oftheinfuren, lhall fpecify and enumerate, in the catalogue to be by him de- (hallenume-^ livered as aforefaid, the panicular goods then to be fold, and rate the parti-the infurers, or the infurer, if only one, fhall, and he and they j^cthe' is and are hereby required to fubferibe and fign fuch Catalogue, which1mall & and to certify, at the foot thereof, that all and every the goods certified by n fuch catalogue refpeCtively fpecified and enumerated, were lhc infor***-really and truly fold for the benefit of fuch rnfuter or infurers; which catalogue, fo figned and certified as aforefaid, (hall be produced by every fuch auctioneer, to the perfon to whom fuch auctioneer, is by this ad, to deliver his account, before fudh auctioneer (hall be permitted to pafs his account, or to have the fame allowed: and if fuch infurer or infurers rerpeftively (hall Penalty on in-infert, or fuffer or permit to be inferted, in any fuch catalogue £jrf.ri ^ho fo to be fubferibed, figned, and certified as aforefaid, any gOotfc be^nferted in whatfoever other than fuch as were really and truly to be fold catalogue any for the benefit of him or them as aforefaid ; or if any infurer ot good* other inforers (hall omit or nCgleCt to certify On fuch catalogue the than fucAV.. true particular of the goods to be fold ; then, and in every fuch forTheir bene-cafe, the party offending (hall, for every foch offence refpec*- fit, See. tiyely, forfeit and lofc the fum of twenty pounds.

XVIIL And be it farther enacted by the authority aforefaid, £e®aFl,ea aod That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed ny this sdt, bere-

X4.	(hall

3 io	Anno	decimo	nono Georgii HI. c. 57^58. [ 1779.

covered and (hall be fued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by fuch ways, applied. means, and methods, as<any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, isor may be recovered or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of bis Ma-jefty’s court of records at Wefirmnfler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (all neceffary charges for the recovery thereof being firft deduced,) (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall difeover inform, or fue for the fame.

CAP. LVII.

An aft for the better providing of a maintenance for the Vicar of the parifh of The Trinity, in the city of Coventry.

C A P. LVIII.

An aft for preferving the navigation of the river Lee, in the counties' ^Hertford, Eflfex, and Middlefex.

Preamble. TI7H ER E A S by on aft of parliament, made in the twelfth VV year of the reign of his late majefly King George the fecond^ fc®clta! offor afeertaining, preferving, and improving, the navigation of aft 12 Geo. a. t^c rjver jr from the town of Hertford to the town of Ware* in the county of Hertford; and for preferving and improving the faid river, from the faid town of Ware, to the newotu or river made by the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of LondoH; and for other purpofes therein mentioned; the governor and company of the new river, in conftderation of a quantity of water fupptied out of the faid river Ltt,for the ufe of the faid new river, are dtrefted to pay to certain trujlees appointed in and by the faid aft, for the care and management of the navigation of the river Lee, two annual ferns of money, amounting together to the fum of three hundred and fifty pounds, to be applied in preferving and improving the navigation of and 7. Geo. the faid river Lee: And whereas, by an aft made in the jeventb year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, for improving the navigation of the river Lee, from the town of Hertford to the river Thames*, and for extending the faid navigation to the flood-gaj$s belonging to the town mill, in the faid town of Hertford; certain perfons therein named, together with the trujiees appointed in or by virtue of the faid aft of the twelfth year of his late Majefly, were appointed trujlees for putting the faid aft of the feventh year of his prefent Majejly in execution, and divers powers and authorities are given, and granted to the faid trujlees, for making, extending, improving and maintaining, the faid navigation, and for making and maintaining certain new cuts or canals to communicate with the faid river Lee; and by the faid aft of the feventh year of his prefent Majefly, the faid annual fum of three hundred and fifty pounds is vefied in the faid truflees, together with certain rates and duties thereby granted, for the purpofes of the faid afts; and the faid navigation hath been completed for feveral years, and is found beneficial to the publick: and whereas the Jaid truflees have charged.the rates or duties, and other monies arifing by virtue of the faid afts, with the

payment

t

1

i

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1779*1 Anno decimd noh6 XSEOftCfri HI. Cl 5?.	3	*'

payment of the principal fum of forty four thoufand three hundred pounds , and alfo with the payment of annuities (or the lives of certain perfms, to the* amount of three thoufand four hundred pounds, or thereabouts; and there will be likewife due to feveral perfons for arrears of inter eft, annuities^ rents, compenfatibns, and pur chafe of lands, and far workmen's bills, and other annual expence s'of carrying on the faid navigation, at Mid fu miner ncxt9 the fum often thoufand fix hundred pounds, or thereabouts: and whereas the money arifmg by virtue of the faid atts is not fufficient to pay and difcharge the inter eft of the Jaid principal moneyy and alfo to pay the faid annuities ? and other monies, due and owing as aforefaid; and9 unlefs fome additional rates and duties are allowed to be collected upon the faid navigation feveral perfons who have lent and advanced money upon the credit of the faid afts will Be very great fujferers9 and the navigation of the faid river will be totally lofl9 to the great detriment of the publick ; wherefore in order to prejerve the faid navigation, and for relief-of the Jaid feveral annuitants, and other creditors; may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and bv the authority of the fame,	(

That, from and after the Monday fevennight next after pafling n,etniftcc» of this ad, there (hall be paid, at fuch place and places, and in authorized to fuch manner and proportions, as hcrcin-after mentioned, to the colled the fol-colledor or colledors appointed by the faid truftees, or any fe- ,owinS vcn or more of them, by all and every perfon and perfons who (hall carry or convey any goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities whatfoever, up or down the faid river, or the faid cuts or canals, (over and above the rates and duties payable by virtue of the faid ad of the Seventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty,) the feveral additional rates and duties herein-after mentioned; (that is to fay)

For every ton of malt palling through King's Wcir9 or the additional * lock neareft thereto, the fum of one (hilling and three-pence; rate«. and pafling through Newman's Weiry or the lock neareft thereto, (the rates and duties for the fame not having been paid at King's JVeir9 or the lock neareft thereto, as aforeiaid,) the fum of eleven - pence; and pafling through Lee Bridge, or any lock in the new cut below the faid bridge, (the rates and duties for the fame not having been paid at King's Weir9 or Newman's Weir, or the locks neareft the faid weirs, as aforefaid,) the fum of five-pence;*and pafling on any part of the cut between Bromley Lock and the river Thames, (the rates and duties not having been paid for the fame above Bromley Lock aforefaid,) the fum of two-pence; and fo in proportion for any lefs quantity than a ton :

For every ton of flour that (hall be carried or conveyed through King's Weir aforefaid, or the lock neareft the fame, the fum of four-pence halfpenny 5 and through Newman's Weir> or the lock neareft the fame, the fum of four-pence halfpenny; and through Lee Bridge, or any lock in the new cut below the faid bridge, the fum of three-pence; and fo in proportion for any lefs quantity than a ton :

For

Digitized by

Google

Additional rates to be a fecurity for iftoney due on the credit of the former a&s.

The rates to be reduced in certain proportions as the annuities fall in.

Anno decimo nopo Georqii IH. c. 58.	[«	779.

For every ehaldron of coals, culm, or cinders, carriod or con-veyed through Newman s lVeir9 or the lock neareft the fame, the fum of pence \ and through Lee Bridge aforefaid, or any lock in the laid cut below the faid bridge, the fum of feven-pence ; and fo in proportion for any lefs quantity than a chaldron :

For every ton of other goods, wares, merchandizes, and com* modities whatsoever, that (hall be carried or conveyed through King’s IVcir^ or the lock neareft the fame, the fum of fixpeacc; and through Newman’s Weir% or the lock neareft the fame, the fum of fixpence; and through Lee Bridge, or any lock in the faid cut below the faid bridge, the fum of threepence; and between Bromley Lock and the Thames the fum of two-pence; and fo in proportion for any lefs quantity than a ton;

For every pleafure boat which tliall pafs through any of the faid locks or places, or on the (aid cut between Bromley Lock and the Thames, the fum of oue (hilling; and for every empity boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, patfing along the faid cut from Bromley Lock towards the Thames, after having delivered any lading for which the faid rates and duties (hall not have been paid, or palling along the faid cut from the river Thames towards Bromley Locky and not having been to deliver any lading for which the rates and duties (hall have been paid, the fum of five (hillings:

Which (aid additional rates and duties hereby granted, (hall be collected, levied, and recovered, by fuch and the like ways, means, and methods, as the rates and duties granted by the faid adi of the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty can or may, by virtue thereof, be collected, levied, and recover-ed, and as if the additional rates and duties hereby granted were inferted in the body of the faid adt; and the fame (hall be applied to and for the feveral ufes, intents, and purposes, as the . rates and duties granted by the (aid adfc are thereby diredted to be applied.

II.	And be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid. That the faid additional rates and duties herein-before granted, are hereby declared to be a fecurity for the payment of all the principal monies borrowed and due as aforefaid, and all intereft due . and to become due for the fame, and alfo for the payment of the feveral annuities granted and now payable as aforefaid, and of all other monies whatfoever due and owing on the credit of the faid former acts; and the feveral perfons entitled thereto (hall have the fame powers and remedies for the recovery thereof, out of the rates and duties hereby granted, as are by the faid recited a<ft given for the recovery of any money chaiged upon the rates and duties thereby granted.

III.	Provided always, and be it further caa&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from time to time, as the annuities granted by the faid truftees (hall fall in, the rates and dutiee hereby granted, (hall be reduced, in the proportions'following; (that il to fay) when the faid annuities IhaJJ be reduced to two thouland

four

Digitized by LjOOQle

*779-3 Anno dedmo none Geqrgii III; c. 5?.	313

four hundred pounds, no more than three fourth parts of the rates and duties hereby granted (hall be demanded or taken; and when the faid annuities (lull be reduced to one tboufand four hundred pounds, no more than one half of the faid rates and duties (hall be demanded or taken; and that when the faid annuities (hall be reduced to four hundred pounds, no more than one fourth part of the faid rates and duties (hall be demands ed or taken; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

IV.	And whereas ajhes, breeze, and other materials ufed in mating All afhes, tricks, are frequently conveyed upon the faid river, under the pretence breeze, and of being for manuring of land, whereby the payment of the rates and

duties are evaded; be it therefore enafted by the authority afore- nl^ ^ * (aid. That all a(hes, breeze, and other materials and things fabjt&teifc* which (hail not be ufed for manuring of land, (hall he liable to ratwi the payment of the like rates and duties as are by the (aid recited aft of the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Mqefty, and this aft, granted for any goods, wares, merchandizes, and com* modifies, (except coals, culm, or cinders;) and it lhall and may he lawful for the colleftor or colleftors appointed by the (aid truftees, or any five or more of them, to demand, colleft, and recover the (aid rates and duties for all fuch afhes, breezy, and other materials and things, as (uch colleftor (hall havereafon to apprehend are not intended to be ufed for manuring of land, in fuch manner, and by the fame ways and means, as the rates and duties herein before granted can or may be demanded, col-Jefted, and recovered; any thing in the faid former aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Provided neverthelefs. That in cafe it (hall afterwards be but if ufed for

made appear to fuch colleftor, that the afhes, breeze, or other manure, the materials or things for which the faid rates and duties (frail have	bc

been paid as aforefaid, were for the manuring ofland, that then

She rates and duties fo paid (hall be returned by fuch colleftor to the owner or owners of fuch allies, breeze, or other materials or things, or his or their agents or fervants, upon demand.

VI.	And, for the better ascertaining the tonnage of timber Every lading

and wood, to be charged with the payment of the rates or duties	,

granted by the faid recited aft, and this aft; be it enafted and ac^oes!^ declared by the authority aforefaid, That whenever any boat, 5 barge, lighter, or other vefltl, navigated upon the faid river,

cuts, or canals, (hall be laden with timber or wood only, fuch lading (hall, for the purposes of the faid recited aft of the fe-venth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and of this aft, be deemed twenty five tons, although the fame may aftualiy be a greater or lefs quantity ; any thing in the laid recited aft, or in this aft, or any ufage or cuftom, to the contrary hereof not-.

withftanding	.	.	.	.	.	.	.	f	... So much of

VII.	And be it farther enafted by the authority aforefaid, tj,e formcr That, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one aft as re-thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, (o much of the faid quires fteerf-tecited aft of the fpventb year of the reign of his prefent Mai bifu of bd-^

'	j€®y»	ing, repealed.

Owner* of goods, or perions delivering any on their behalf, (hall give bills of lading to the fteerfmen, who are to

Jiroduce the ame to the collectors of the tolls.

Penalty on negleft, &c.

All vetfels to be marked with graduated figures denoting their burthen} on penalty of $1.

Anno decimo nonoGEoRGii III. c. 58.	[177(7.

jefty, as requires perfons having the charge of any boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, to give an account in Writing, as therein is mentioned, of the quantity, quality, and weight, of the goods^ wares, merchandizes, and commodities, which (hall be in back boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, and alfo of the quantity, quality, and weight, of the goods, Wares, merchandizes, and commodities, which (hall have been difeharged or taken out of fuch boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, before the arrival thereof at the place where fuch account is' to be given, andaa inflicts any penalty on fuch perfons for not giving fuch account^ or forgiving a falfe account, (hall be, and is hereby repealed; *

VIII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand<feven hundred and feventy-nine, the owners of, or perfons feHing any goods, wares, or merchandise, or any perfon who (hall deliver any 'goods, wares, or merchant dize, on account of fuch owners or perfons felling the fame, on board any boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, to be carried or conveyed upon the faid river, cuts, or canals, (hall, and are hereby required to give a true account, in writing under their refpeCfivc hands, of the quantity, quality, and weight, of all iiich goods, wares, and merchandize, to the fteerfman or other <pec* (on having the care, charge, or management of the boar, bwrgc^ lighter, or other veflel, on board of which fuch goods, wares, or merchandize (hall be delivered, together with the date of the de» livery thereof; and the faid fteerfman or other perfon (hall pro* ducc the faid account to the collector or collectors of the (aid rates or duties, and deliver a true copy thereof to-every fuch collector 5 and in cafe any fuch fteerfman or other perfon (haU not produce fuch account, and deliver a copy thereof as afore* faid, every fuch fteerfman or other perfon (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds; and in cafe any fuch fteerfman or other perfon (hall produce a falfe account to any fuoh collector or collectors as aforefaid, the perfon who (halt have figned fuoh falfe account (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds.

IX.	And, for the better enabling the collectors of the faid rates^er ditties to judge of the truth of the accounts of lading to be produce edas aforefaid-, be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, all boars, barges, lighters, and other vefTds* which (hall be navigated upon the faid river, cuts, or canals, (hall be painted or marked, in three different places on each fide thereof, with graduated figures or marks, of proper dimenfions, at fuch diftances, and upon fuch parts of the boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, as the faid truftees, or any five or more o£ them, (hall order, under the direction of fome proper and fkilful perfon; and fo from time to time, as occafion (hall require; and the fame (hall at all times be kept fo marked, in a plain and legible manner; and that, after the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty; if any boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, (hall be navigated upon the faid river,

cuts.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1779*] Anno decimo nemo Georgii III. c. 58.	315

cuts, or canals, not being painted or marked in a plain and legible manner as aforefaid, according to the true intent and .meaning of this ad, the owner, or perfon having the care, charge, or management, of fuch boat, barge, lighter, or other veffel, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds.

( X. And whereas it might tend te the better execution of th'e /aid So much of incited afts,and this aft, if the faid truftees were obliged ta bald^ for?cr~ more than one general meeting in every year ; be it therefore enad- miftees cd by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the paffing to meet 00 of this ad, fo much of the faid recited ad of the feventh year the firft Mon-of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as direds a general meet- day Jn June. ing of the truftees to be holden on the firft Monday in June in y'rcpaAr*' every year, and notice to be given thereof, (hall be, and is hereby repealed.

XL And be it further enaded, That the faid truftees, or any mcefi,s» five or more of them, (hall hold a meeting for carrying the pur- ofthetruttecs. pofes of the faid recited ads, and this ad, into execution, at , the fign of the Rofe and Crown, at Enfield Highway, in the parifh of Enfield, in the faid county of Middlefex, upon the Monday ie-vcnnight after the paffing this ad, and may adjourn fuch meeting from time to time, previous to their firft general meeting,

(to be holden as herein-after mentioned,) as they (hall think proper; and that the faid truftees, or any live or more of them. Three gene-ihall hold three general meetings in every year, at or within the refpedive times and places herein-after mentioned; (that is ^^year" to fay) in the town of Hertford, upon the laft Monday in July, ,	7	*

or within fix days afterwards; in the parifh of Waltham Holy Crofs, in the faid county of EJfex, on the laft Monday in Oftober, or within fix days afterwards; and in the city of London, on the laft Monday in January, or within fix days afterwards; and the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall, at fuch refpec-tive general meetings, appoint the day, and the houfe or place (being within the refpedive times, and at the refpedive places, aforefaid) upon and at which their then next general meet- at which they ing (hall beholden; and the clerk to the faid truftees for the (hril«udit and time being (hall, at fuch refpedive general meetings, lay before counts and* the truftees then afiembled, a full ftate of the accounts relative caufe*n ab-to the excution of the faid recited ads, and this ad, up to fuch ftradthereof of the days following, videlicet, Midfummer-day, Michaelmas-day,t0 he made, and Cbrijlmas-day, as (hall happen next before the day of hold- ^"book of ing fuch refpedive meetings, in order that the fame may be au- }^eir proceed -dited and fettled; and the faid truftees, at fuch general meetings, ing*. are hereby required to examine and pafs the faid accounts; and after the fame (hall be examined and pafled, an abftrad thereof (hall be made out, and figned by five or more of the faid truftees, and the fame (hail be fairly entered in the book of proceedings of the faid truftees; and all perfons interefted in the faid navigation may, at all convenient times, have a copy of fuch abftrad, upon paying to the clerk to the faid truftees the fum of two (hillings and fixpence; and in cafe the faid truftees (hall not fettle and pafs the faid accounts at any fuch general

meeting.

Digitized by UooQle

two fevcral meetings m every year. No money Co be borrowed till the accounts are fettled. Securities for money borrowed, and annuities

E

ranted to valid*

3 i 6	Anno decimo hdrto OioRfcii III. c. 58.	[ 1779.

meeting, then fuch meeting fhaH be adjourned to the feventh day then ne*t following, and fo from time to time, until the faid accounts ihall be fettled and pafled, and an abftradt thereof made and flgried as aforefaid ; and after the faid accounts (ball be completed as aforefaid, the (aid truftees may adjourn fuch re-fpetfive meetings to fuch place and time, previous to the time of holding their next general meeting, as the faid truftees; or any five or more of them, (hall think proper.

Uter 1 yean, XII. Provided nevertheless, that after the expiration of taro be trtjttee*	y*ar$ from the paffing 0f this a#, the faid truftees fibril be ob-

acconats at	*‘gcc* t0 examine and fettle the faid accounts at two aft leafiof

the faid three general meetings in every year, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XIII.	Provided alfo, That no money (hall be borrowed by the faid truftees, until the faid accounts (hall have been fettled, and entered as aforefaid.

XIV.	And whereat doubts they arife touching the validity if fern of the fecurities granted by the faid trufites; to obviate fuch doubts, and tofecure the froeral creditors who have, bona fide, lent and Advanced their money for the pnrpofes of the /aid navigation 5* be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the fcveral principal films of money fo lent and advanced to the faid truftees, and the annuities granted by them, (hall be, and they are heroby re-fpedtiVely declared to be charged upon the ra*es or duties granted and made payable by the faid recited of the fevciwh year df the reign of his prefent Majefty, and alfo upon the rates or duties by this a<5i granted and made payable; and that the federal fecutities given and granted for the payment thercefy are hereby declared to be valid and effectual in the law, to alt in*-tettts and purpofes.

XV.	And whereas deubts have arifeii touching the power ef eke faid truftees to pay off any particular fecurities for money at kitAreft already granted, in cafe they find it netfjjary fo to do; be it therefore enabled and declared by the authority aforefaid, That it Anil and may be lawful for the faid truftees, or any (even or more of them, from time to time, as they (hall think proper, to pay off any of the principal money borrowed and due upon the credit of the faid rates and duties; provided three calendar months notice thereof, at the leaft, (hall be given in writing, figned by them, to the perfon or perfons entitled to the money fo to bw paid Off, and of the day and place at ahd upon which fuch money will be paid; and in cafe the fecurities given for fuch money (hall not be produced at the time and place to be mentioned in fuch notice, and, upon tender of the principal money, and all int'ereft then due thereon, (hall not be delivered up to the faid truftees, or to their clerk, that then the intereft of all fuch principal money (hail from thenceforth ceafe, and be no longer paid or payable.

XVI.	Provided nevertheless, That the principal moneyed re-fpedt Whereof fuch notice (hail be given, and alfo the hitereft for the fame up to the time mentioned in fuch ndtiec for the payment

Truftees im powered to pay off aoy principal money now due;

giving three months notice.

Provifo*

Digitized by v^.ooQle

3*7

1779*1 Anno dedmo nonoGBORGii III. 0.58. xnenl thereof, (hall ftill remain due and payable, until the fame (hall be received by the peribn entitled to the feme.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further ehadted and declar- All monies cd by the authority aforefaid, That all payments to be made, former and alfo the monies due and owing on the credit of the faid

former a&s, (hall be payable as well out of the rates and duties charged upon created by this adt, as out of the rates and duties created by the the prefent faid former a&s, in the like courfc of payment, and with the and fame priority, and with the like remedies for recovery thereof, r***>*c' as are dire&ed in and by the faid former ads; any thing in this ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Truftees not That no annuity or annuities (hall hereafter be granted upon to grant any the credit of the rates and duties authorifed to be colleded by annuities for ▼iitue of the faid recited ad of the feventh year of* the reign oflhc *uturc# his prefent Majefty, or by this ad; any thing in the ftid recked

ad to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That no money (hall here- n0 money to after be borrowed upon the credit of the rate9 and duties autho- be hereafter zifed*o be colleded on the (aid river, or any of them, unlefs borrowed,-un-twenty-onc truftees at the lcaft (hall be prefent, and fhall concur ^Vfh^con-thercin, and uni eft feven of fuch truftees dial! be refident in the Cur therein; laid county of H$rtford9 feven within the faid county of EJfex%

and feven within the (aid county of Middlefix and city of London, or one of them ; and that no (uch money (hall be fo borrowed, but at a meeting to be holden for that pUrpofe; of which meeting one calendar month’s notice at the leaft (hall be given in ibene of the publick ncwfpapera circulated in the faid counties, at leaft three times before the borrowing any fuch money; any thing in the faid recited ad of the feventh year of the retga ©f his prefent Majefty to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

XX.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared. That and then mm no more than the fum of twenty thoufand pounds, over andvmor#(tJ1,< above the faid fum of forty-four ;houfend three hundred pounds,'*°,0#0 * principal money, already charged on the faid rates, (half hereafter be borrowed on the credit of the faid former ad, or this

prefent ad; any thing in the-faid former ad, or this ad, to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

XXI.	Provided ncverthelcfs, and it is hereby enaded and de* Truftees id-

<clared by the authority a fore fa kl, That it (hall and may be law- thori'ed to ful for the faid truftees, or any (even or more of them, if they	J

think fir, at the requeft of any perfon or perfons to whom any

arrears of intereft, or any arrears of annuities, (hall, on the arrears of intwenty-fourth day of June, one thotrfend feven hundred and tcrefl and an-fcventy-nine, be due and owing on the credit of the faid rates nuidei&c* or duties, to aftign over the faid rates or duties, or any part thereof, for fccuring the payment of alt fuch arrears, together with intereft for the fame; and all fuch aflignments (half be good, valid, and effedual in the law, for the payment of thb money thereby fedured, and' all intereft to grow due for the feme, any thiqg hereinbefore confined ta the contrary hereof

in

Digitized by

Google

locks, near the places of colledtion, fhut; and not to fuffer any veffel to pals till the rates are paid.

Penalty on neglea.

3} $	Anno dcpmo aciao G^orgii III. c. 58. f 1779.

in any wife notwithftanding: provided alfo. That the fum for which the (aid rates and duties (hail be afligned, as herein-before mentioned, (hall be conttrued and taken to be part of jthe fum of twenty thoufand pounds, which the truftees are authorifed to raife by virtue of this a6V.

Colledor* re- XXII. And, in order to prevent any wajie of water at arty of the tnegates	at or near ^e P^ces appointed for collecting the faid rates or

duties, and for the better collection thereof; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the colie&ors of the faid rates or duties (hall, and are hereby authorized and required, at all times hereafter, to keep the gates of the locks, at or near the feverai places appointed for colleding the faid rates or duties, properly (hut and locked, or otherwise fattened, fo as not to fufFer any unneceflary watte of water through the fame, (except only at fuch times, and for fo long as (hall be ncceflary for boats, barges, lighters, and other veflels, to pafs through fuch locks, and in times of flood;) and no boat, barge, lighter, or other veffel, (hall be differed to pafs through any fuch lock until the whole rates or duties authorifed to be colleded (hall be paid to fuch colledor; and in cafe any colledor (hall not keep the gales of the lock, at or near the place where he (hall be appointed to colled the faid rates or duties, properly (hut and locked, or otherwife fattened, fo as not to fuffer any unneceflary watte of water through the fame, or if fuch colledor (hall permit or differ any boat, barge, or lighter, or other veffel, to pafs through any fuch lock as aforefaid, before the full rates or duties which ought to be colleded (hall have been paid, every fuch colledor offending in either of the cafes aforefaid (hall, for every offence, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding forty (hillings.

XXIII. And) for the more effectual preventing the wa/le of water in any of the faid cuts or canals, to the prejudice of any mill, be it further enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any of the locks or other works made or ereded, or to be made or ereded, by the faid truftees, (hall be out of repair, and any mill (hall be prejudiced thereby, then, and in every fuch cafe, upon notice thereof in writing, given by the occupier of fuch mill to the furveyor to the faid truttees, fuch furveyor is hereby required forthwith to infped into and conflder the fame, and report fuch notice, and his opinion thereof, to the faid truftees, at their next meeting; and the faid truttees, or any five or more of them, (hall, and are hereby required, at their faid next meeting, to take the fame into confideration, and as foon as may be to caufe fuch locks and works to be put into good and fufficient repair, fo as to prevent the watte of water as afcye-faid; and in cafe fuch furveyor (hall refufe or negled to infped into and furvey fuch defied or want of repair in any of the faid locks or other works, or make fuch report as aforefaid, he (hall forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding ten pounds nor lefs than forty (hillings.

XXIV. And be it further enaded. That no fteerfman, or other perfon having the care, charge, or management, of any

boat,

Truftees to keep the locks and works in repair, to prevent wafte ©f water.

Perfons navigating vef-

Digitized by v^ooQle

1779 } Anno decimo ftono GfioRGii III. c.58.	319

boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, upon the (aid river, cuts, fcls required or canals, and parting with fuch boat, barge, lighter, or other to (hut the "veflel, through any lock upon the faid river, cuts, or canals, upper gates (hall fuffer the water to remain in the lock longer than is ne- jjj ceflary for fuch boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, to pafs	C

through the fame; and that every fuch fteerfman, or other per- parted, except fon, in going down the faid river, cuts, or canals, (hall (hut (b™e other the lower gates of fuch lock before he (hall draw the doughs of * ** the upper gates thereof; and after he (hall have brought fuch lg * boar, barge, lighter, or othfc'r veflel, into the faid lock, (hall (hut clofe the upper gates before he (hall draw the doughs of the lower gates thereof; and in going up the faid river, cuts, or canals, (hall, fo foon as he (hall have parted with fuch boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, out of the faid lock, (hut the upper gates of the faid lock, and afterwards draw the doughs of the lower gates, unlefs there (hall be then a boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, in fight from the faid lock, coming down the faid river, cuts, or canals, in which cafe the lower gates of the faid lock (hall be left (hut, and the upper gates (hall be left open; and every'perfon, who (hall not a<ft agreeable to the directions herein before mentioned, (hall, for every offence, forfeit and pay any furil not exceeding forty (hillings.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforcfaid. So much of

That fo much of the faid recited a<ft of'the feventh year of the lhc former

reign of his prefent Maieftyl as requires the-owners of boats, *s requires 1the , b	.	r	.J J rr 1	;	r	•	]	names to be

barges, lighters, or other veflels, to caufe their names, and put on the

alfo the names of theftecrfmen, or other perfons having the care bowsofvtflel*,

or charge of fuch boats, barges, lighters, or other veflels, and repealed.

their refpedtive places of abode, to be placed and fet on the

upper part of the bow on both (ides of fuch boats, barges,

lighters, or other veflels, and as inflitfs a penalty for default

therein, (hall be, and is hereby repealed.

XXVI.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared,

That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou- £^7of fand feven hundred and feventy-nine, the owner or owners of owners and every b:>at, barge, lighter, or other veflel, palling upon the fteerfmento faid river, cuts, or canals, (hall caufe his, her, or their name or be put on the names, and alfo the name of the fteerfman, or other perfon having the care or charge oF every fuch boat, barge, lighter, or c * other veffel, and their refpe&ive places of abode, to be placed and fet at full length, in white letters upon a black or dark ground, fuch letters to he four inches long, and of a proportional breadth, and made on fome confpicuous part*of the ftern of every fuch boar, barge, lighter, or other veflel, and to be kept at all times plain and legible; and in cafe any boat, barg-, on penalty of lighter, or other veffel, (hall, at any time after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thopfand feven hundred and feventy-nine, be navigated on the faid river, cuts, or canals, not having the name or names of the owner or owners thereof, and alfo the name of the fteerfman, or other perfon as aforefaid, and alfo their refpe&ive places of abode, placed and fet on the ftern of every Vol XXXIfc.	Y	,	fuch

n

Penalty rn floating 6f timber.

Penalty on perfons af-faulting the colledors, or obltru&ing them in their duty.

Provifo.

Tottenham mill ft ream to be ufed as part of the navigation for ever, fubjed to a certain annual payment.

Anno dccimo nono Qeorgij III. c, 58.	[ 1779.

fuch boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, and keep plain and legible, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad; or if any fteerfman or other petfon fhall cover or conceal the fame, or ufe any means whaifoever to prevent any perfon from reading the lame; every perfon offending in any of the cafes aforelaid (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of live pounds.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (ball, after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-nine, float*, or caufe any timber to he floated, upon the faid river, cuts, or canals, every fuch perfon fhall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty (hillings for every time he or they fhall float, or caufe any timber to be floated, upon the faid river, cuts, or canals. t ,

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaijl,, That if any perfon fhall affault, interrupt, or obftrud any coU ledor, or other perfon employed by the faid trufttes, or any five or more of them, in colleding the faid rates or duties, or other-wife in the execution of his office, every fuch perfon (hall, for tvery foch offence, forfeit and pay any lum not exceeding forty (hillings, nor lefs than ten (hillings.

XXIX.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained fhall prevent, or be conftrued to prevent, any fuch collector, of other perfon, having his remedy, for any fuch offence,; ip any of his Majefty’s courts of law, by adion, indidment, or other-wife.

XXX.	And whereas a attain navigable Jlream or cut belonging to James Townfend efquire, called Tottenham Mill ftream, hath been ufed at part of the faid navigation, for the paffage of boats, barges, lighters, and other veffels, for which the Jaid truflees have paid to the faid James Townfend the annual fum of ten pounds ten [/hillings; and the faid James Townfend is confenting that the faid Jlream or cut Jhould be ufed as part of the faid navigation for ever, fubjett to the fame annual rent; but the fame being no part of the navigation deferibed in the faid aft, the ufe of the faid Jlrepm cannot be fccured to the publick, unlcf fame further powers are grant? id for that purpofe; be it therefore cnaded and declared by the authority aforelaid, That the faid ftream or cut, together with a proper towing-path on the weft fide thereof, fhall for ever hereafter be ufed as part of the faid navigation; and that the owners of ail boats, barges, lighters, and other veffels, fhall have liberty to navigate along the faid ftream or cut, and to make ufe of the faid towing-path, in like manner as if the faid ftream or efit had been part of the navigation deferibed in the faid ad; and the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, fhall, and have hereby full power and authority, from time to time, to fcour, cleanfe, deepen, and do fuch other works in the faid ftream or cut, and repair the faid towing-path, as they (hall think fit, for the purpofes of the faid navigation, without any hindrance, moleftation, or interruption, from the faid James Townfend, or any perfon or perfons who may hereafter be entitled

>	’	to

Digitized by

Google

i

1779-1 Annodecimo ndnoGEORGii III. c.58.	32	r

to the laid ftream or cut, and towing-path, fo that no damage be >done thereby to Tottenham mills, by preventing the water flowing to the fame as it now doth.

XXXI.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained Nothing to be (hall authorife the faid truftees, or any of them, or any other j^^TottVn-perfon or perfons acting under their authority, to contract the ^am

faid ftream or cut, or prevent the occupier of Tottenham mills from penning a head of water to the faid mills, or to obftrudl, hinder, or prevent the navigating or pa fling of boats, barges, lighters, and other veflels, to and from the faid mills.

XXXII.	Provided alfo, That the occupier or occupiers of The occupiers the faid mills, or any other perfon or perfons, fhall not, upon „ot*to draer any account or pretence, caufe the water to be let or drawn t^e water out of the faid dream or cut, fo as to reduce the fame below low a certain the height of two feet on the prefent fill of the wafte gate of height.

the faid mills to be afcertained by a ftone put down and The truftees marked for that purpofe: and the faid truftees are hereby re- to keep the quirfed at all times to keep the gates of the lock near the faid p**3 of the ftream or cut of sfn equal height with the banks of the faid ftrcea^of aif mill ftream at the mill head, for keeping a full head of water to e<jUai height the faid mills ; and the faid truftees fhall, at all times, repair, with the and keep in good repair, the bridge built acrofs the new cut banks; and to near the faid mill ftream.	hC£wthC

XXXIII.	And be it further enabled, That the faid truftees, r g *

or any feven or more of them, fhall, and they are hereby autho* How the rent

rifed and required, out of any money arifing by virtue of [he ufeof C

faid recited adts, and this adt, to pay, or caufe to be paid, to Tottenham

the faid 'James Townfend, and the owner of the faid ftream or mill ftream,

cur, and towing-path, for the time being, the annual rent of may **rc-

teri pounds ten fhillings, of lawful money of Great Britain, free covcred*

and clear of and fuom all taxes and dedudiions whatfoever, on

the twenty-fifth day of March in every year, the firft payment

to be made on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand

feven hundred and eighty: and in cafe the faid yearly rent lhall

not be paid for the fpace of twenty-one days next after the day

herein-before appointed for the payment thereof, that then the

faid James Tozvnfend, and the owner for the rime being of the

faid itream or cut, and towing-path, (hall have fuch and the

fame remedies for recovering the fame yearly rent, and all cofts

and expences attending the recovery thereof, as are in the faid

recited adt of the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty

provided for the payment of any rents or annuities granted and

m?de payable by virtue thereof.

XXXIV.	And whereas, by the faid recited att of the feventh In cafe the year of the reign of his prefent Majcfty, the faid truftees are required tonn»p

to pay to fir William Wake baronet, and Peter Fioyer efquire, wiHiamWake their heirs and affgns, the Jum of one penny per ton on all goods, and Mr. Floy-wares, merchandizes, or commodities, which Jhould be carried or eon- er,by the for-veyed down the faid river, through the cut or canal made from the mer ^aI1 faid river, above King’s Weir, to the weft toilftream of the powder	*V-°

mills near Waltham Abbey : and whereas it is apprehended that, num% the dtfi-

Y 2	by	cicocy fhall be

d

gaz	Anno	decimo	nono	Georgii IIT. c. 58.	[1779*

made up to by laying the additional rates or duties herein-before granted, their tKem by the property may be injured: be it therefore enadted and declared by Wl* the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the faid fum of one penny per ton (hall not hereafter produce to the faid fir Wiliam Wake and Peter Floyer^ their refpe&ive heirs and afligns, the clear annual fum ot one hundred and fixty pounds, that then the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby authorifed and required, from time to time, to make up the deficiency to the faid fir William Wake and Peter Flayerf their refpetfive heirs and afligns, and the fame (hall be paid to the faid fir William Wake and Peter Floyer, their refpe&ivc heirs and afligns, at the end of every year in which any fuch deficiency (hall happen ; and in cafe of nonpayment thereof, for the fpace of ten days after the fame (hall be due, the faid fir William Wake and Peter Floyer, their heirs and afligns, (hall and may have and take fuch and the like powers and remedies for receiving and recovering the fame, and all cofts and charges attending the recovery thereof, as are in the faid recited a& given for recovery of the faid one penny per ton.

The height at XXXV. And whereas it would be for the benefit of the faid na-water \$to he 'Vl&atim'> ttnd of certain mills, called Dicker Mills, Jituate near the kept ^Dicker fai^ town °f Hertford, and alfo of certain works for fupplying the Mill dream, to faid town with water, belonging to the mayor and aldermen of the be afeertained faid town, if the water in Dicker Mill Jlream was always, kept up by engineers. t0 a urta\n height; be it therefore ena&ed. That the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby required, within forty days next after their firft meeting to be holden in purfuance of this adfc, to give notice to the owner and occupier of the faid mills, and to the mayor of the faid town of Hertford, dire&ing each of them to appoint an engineer, to jneet an engineer to be appointed by th% faid truftees, on a certain day to be mentioned in fuch notice, in order to examine the faid mill ftream, and to agree upon and fettle to what height the water in the faid mill ftream ought to be kept up for the future, and to order and direct proper ftones or pofts to be fixed or fet up in or on the banks of rhe faid ftream, and alfo near the faid water-works, with proper marks thereon denoting fuch height; and the determination of the faid engineers, or any two of them, (hall be final and conclufive.

In cafe the Paid XXXVI. Provided always, That in cafe engineers ftiali not •ngincers (hall be appointed as aforefaid, or being fo appointed, (hall negledt withfn three °r refu^e to or not agree therein within three calendar months after months after the day to be appointed for the meeting of the faid their appoint- engineers as aforefaid, that then the juftices of the peace, at ment, the their general quarter fe(lions to be holden for the faid county of ?THertford-* ^ertf°r^ uPon application made to them for that purpofe on Ihire (halkap. behalf of the faid truftees, or of the owner or occupier of the point another faid mills, (hall, and they are hereby required to name and ap-engineer to point fome able engineer to examine, fettle, and determine ietdethefame. touching the matters aforefaid, and his determination (hall be final and conclufive 3 and after fuch determination as aforefaid,

o	the

Digitized by

Google

1779-] Anno decimo nono GeorgiI III. c. 58.	P3

the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby required to caufe fuch ftones or ports as aforefaid to be forthwith fixed or fet up, with proper marks thereon, and at fuch place and places as the faid engineers or engineer (as the cafe may be) (hall direft, in order to denote and fix the Height to which the water in the faid rtream ought to be kept up; and the faid truftees (hall from time to time fupport and keep fuch ftones or ports fixed, with fuch mark or marks as aforefaid, and all the charges and expences attending the appointing and employing the faid engineers, and alfo of erefting and fixing luch ftones or ports, and keeping and fupporting the fame as aforefaid, (hall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the faid truftees, out of'any money arifing by virtue of the faid former afts, or of this aft; and that after the faid ftones or ports (hall be fixed or fet The mills, &c. up, and marked as aforefaid, it (hall not be lawful for the occu- when°the wa-pier of the faid mills, or the perfon having the care of the faid tcr (hall be be-water-works, to fuffer the faid mills, or water-works, to work, low the marks or for the perfon having the* care of the navigation there to keep on the ftones open the ciftern or lock near the faid mills, when the water (hail or pofts* be reduced below the mark or marks upon the faid ftones or ports ; and in cafe the water within the faid rtream (hall at any time be reduced below the faid mark or marks, and the occupier of the faid mills (hall not immediately (hut down the faid mills, or the perfon having the care of the faid water-works (hall not immediately (hut down the faid works, or the perfon having the care of the navigation there as aforefaid (hall not immediately (hut the faid ciftern or lock, fo as to raife and keep up the water to the faid mark or marks, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, (notice having been given to them refpec-tively fo to do), every fuch occupier, and other perfon aforefaid, fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding forty (hillings, nor lefs than ten (hillings; and in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall break, raife, pull up, fink Penalty on lower or deftroy, or in any wife alter any of the ftones or pofts altering which (hail be fo fixed or fet up as aforefaid, or obliterate, deface, mar**’&c# change, or alter, any letters, figures, or marks, which (hall be inferibed thereon, every fuch perfon thall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That Nothing to bo in afeerraining the height at which the water in Dicker Mill

ftream aforefaid Ihould be kept up for the future, or in fixing or	er

fetting up any fuch pofts or ftones as aforefaid, nothing (hall be * done to the prejudice of Dicker Mills, or of the occupier thereof, or of the faid water-works, or of certain mills called Hertford Town Mills, or any occupier thereof,

XXXVIII.	Provided alfo, That no occupier of the faid mills Provlfo* called Dicker Mills, or perfon havihg the care of the faid waterworks, (hall be fubjeft to the penalty aforefaid, for not keeping

the waVer in bicker Mill ftream up to fuch height as aforefaid, whenever any of the works of the faid navigation, above th*

Y 3	tnoutfi

Google

324	Anna	decimo nono Georgii III: C. 58.	[	1779.

mouth of the cut or canal in King's Mead* (hall he out of repair.

Truftce* may XXXIX. And be it further enafied by the authority afore* leafe the rates faid. That from and after the term of five years from and alter after the end the palling of this a&, the faid truftees, or any feven or more ol five years. ef them, (hall have full power and authority, by writing undo: their hands and feals, to let or demife ihe rates and duties authorised to be colle&ed upon the faid river, cuts, or canals, far any term not exceeding two years at any one time, for else higheft rent they can get for the fame, by publick bidding or otherwise, the fame to be payable at fuch times, and under fuch covenants, as the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, fhall think fit, (the faid truftees taking proper fecurky from the perfon or perfons to whom the faid tolls (hail be leafed ' or demifed, for payment of the rent or rents, and performance of the covenants) 5 which rent and rents (hall be paid to the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, or to luch perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint to receive the fame, and (hail be applied and difpofed of in the fame manner as the faid rates and duties are by the faid recited a<ft of the.feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and this ad, directed to be applied and difpofed of.

Publick notice XL. Provided always. That one calendar month’s previous thereof to be notice, at the leaft, be given in fome of the publick newfpapers given.	circulated	in	the faid counties of Hertford, EJ/ex^ Middiefex, and

the city of London, of the intention of the faid truftees to leafe or demife the faid rates and duties.

If the truftees XLI. Provided alfo. That in cafe the faid truftees (harll at any leafe the tolls time let the faid rates and duties, they fhall, and are hereby they fhaU em- reqUirecj, during fuch time as the rates and duties (hall continue to°^approv”d t0 be let as aforefaid, to keep conftantly employed,, at »their of by fir Wii- own cofts and charges, fome proper perfon, to be approved of Jiam Wake by the faid fir William Wake baronet, and Peter Fioyer efquire, Flo er to take ^cir re*Pe<^ve hrirs anc* aligns, and fuch perfon is hereby an°account of required to take and keep an exa<5t and faithful account in the tonnage of writing of the tonnage of all goods, wares, and merchandizes, all goods pair* which (hall pafs, from time to rime, through the faid lock, fhr?agh in the cut near to King's IVrir aforefaid; and the faid fir King*? Weir. William Wake baronet, and Peter Fioyer efquire, their re-fpe&ive heirs apd afligns, (hall have free liberty, from tiine to time, to infpedl fuch accounts, and to take copies or extracts thereof; and it Hull and may be lawful for the faid lif William Wake baronet, and Peter Fioyer efquire, and their re-fpedlive heirs and aftigns, within twenty days before the expiration of every year, to compare the fame with the account kept by the leflee of the faid tolls arifing at King's Weir; and in cafe fuch leflee (hall refufe to produce his account to the faid fir William Wake baronet, and Peter Fioyer efquire, and their re-fpedtive heirs and afligns, for the fpace of ten days after notice given for that purpofe, that then and in that cafe his leafe (hall, at the expiration of the year, ceafe and determine.

XLII. PrO-

Digitized by kjOOQle

1779.3 Anno dccirao nono Geqrgii III, c. 58.	325

XL1I. Provided always* and be it enaded and declared by The trultccs the authority aforefaid, That the truftees appointed or eleded, “ndc|[ th* or who (hall hereafter be appointed or defied, by or in purfu- ha?eCfull ° ance of the faid ad, of the feventh year of the reign of his pre- powertocarry fent Majefty, and all* every* or any of them* (hall have full thi* ait into power and authority to ad in the execution of this prefent act execution, of parliament in all refpeds* and to *11 intents and purpofes* as fully and effectually as if the feveral provifions contained in this ad were inferted in the body of the faid recited ad.

XLIII. And be it further enaded. That the feveral penalties Penalties and and forfeitures by this ad impofed, (hall be levied and recovered forfeitures in the fame manner as any penalties or forfeitures are, by the how to bc faid recited ad of the feventh year of the reign of his prefeat Majefty, direded to be levied and recovered, and (hall be ap-plied tor the purpofes of the faid recited ads, and this ad.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That all perfons ag-perfons who (hall think themfelves aggrieved by the order or grieved may judgement of any juftice or juftices of the peace, upon account aPPeal to the of any offence committed* or fuppofed to be committed, againft this ad, may appeal to the juftices of the peace for either of the faid counties where the offence was committed* or fuppofed to be committed, at any general quarter feffions of the peace to be held within the fpace of fix calendar months after fuch caufe of appeal (hall happen, the perfon or perfons fo appealing firft giving fecurity, to the fatisfadion of the faid ju:|ice or juftices, to profecure fuch appeal with effed* and to pay the cofts which (hall be ascertained by the laid general quarter fdfions* in cafe fuch order or judgement (hall be affirmed ; and the juftices at (uch general or quarter feffions are hereby authoriled and re-quiied to hear and determine fuch appeal, and to make fuch Orders therein, and to award cofts, as to them (hall appear juft; which orders (half be final and conclufive to all parties, and (hall not be removed or removeable, by any writ of certiorari or , orherwife, into any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJ}-minjUr, or elfewhere; and that no order or proceeding to be had by or before any juftirc of juftices of the peace, relating to the execution of this ad, ft>all be qualhed or vacated for want of form only.

XLV. And be it further enaded. That if any adion, fuit. Limitation of or information* (hail be brought or commenced againft any a^ons* perfon or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of this ad* every fuch adion* iuit, or information* (hall be commenced* within fix calendar months next after the fad committed* and not afterwards, and (hall be laid or brought in the counties of Hertford, EJTex, or Middlefex* and not elfewhere; and the perfon or perfons fo fued or profecuted* may plead the general General iffue. iffue, and give this ad* and the fpecial matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad : and if it (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any adion, fuit, or information, (hall bc brought after the time before limited for bringing

Y 4	the

Digitized by ^.ooQle

/

Trtblc co(b.

Expenses of this aft how to be paid.

Publick aft.

Preamble.

Recital of 18 Geo, 3. cap. *6.

/

Anno decimo nonoGborgu III. c.59.	[	1779.

the fame, or lhall be brought in any other county or place than as aforefaid, that then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants ; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become non-fuited, or fuffer a difcontinuance of his, her, or their aftion, \ fuit, or information, after the defendant or defendants (hall	1

have appeared, or if in any fuch aftion, fuit, or information,	'

judgement (hall be given againft the plantifif or plantitFs, the’ 4 defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods, and (hall have t fuch repedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in other cafes by law.

XLVX And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all thp cods, charges, and expences incident to and attending the obtaining and pading this aft, (hall be paid out of the firft monies which (hail be collefted or received by virtue df the faid former afts or this prefent aft.

XLVII. And be it further enafted. That this aft fhall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick aft; and ail judges, judices, and other perfons whomfoever, are hereby required to take nptipp thereof^ fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. LIX.

An aft for repealing the duties on all inhabited houfes, impofed by an aft made in the loft fejjion of parliament, and for granting to his Majejly other duties upon all inhabited houfes in Great Britain, and for amending thefaid aft; and alfo for amending fi> much of an aft, made in the /eventeinth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, as impofes a duty upon all fervants retained or employed in the feveral capacities therein mentioned.

WHEREAS, by an aft, made in the lajl feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majedy certain duties upon all inhabited houfes within the kingdom of Great Britain, certain yearly rates and duties were granted upon all inhabited houfes within the kingdom of Great Britain, to be paid by the occupiets thereof; [that is to Jay), a duty of fixpence in the pound on all dwclling-houfes, with the houfehold offices therewith occupied, worth the yearly rent of five pounds, and under the yearly rent of fifty pounds, and of one Jhilling in {he pound on till dwelling-houfes, with the houfehold offices therewith occupied, worth the yearly rent of fifty pounds and upwards \ to be ejlimated and afeertained in manner therein exprejfed: and whereas the faid rates and duties do not bear a proper proportion to eaib other, and the payment thereof hath been greatly evaded$ we, your Majejly's mojl dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain, ijt parliament affiembled, do therefore think that it vjill be for the advantage of the publick to repeal the prefent rates and duties on inhabited houfes, and to grant unto your Majejly the feveral new rates and duties on inhabited boujts herein-after mentioned, to be applied to the ufes and purpofes which the faid rates and dutitSy granted by the abovmentiontd afty made

Digitized by

Google

1779*] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. 0.59*	5*7

in'the lajl feffton of parliaihefit, art now applicable unto ; and da moji humbly be fetch your Majejiy that it may be enabled; and be it enatf ed by the kings moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confetti of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth day July, one After July 5* thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, the rates and duties ^J9«4nted" granted by the adt, made in the lad feflion of parliament, by the recited intituled. An aft for granting to his Majejly certain duties upon all ad to ceafe. inhabited boufes within the kingdom of Great Britain, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, except only fuch monies as '(hall have become due in refpelt of the faid rates and duties, aflefled at any time on or before the faid fifth day of Jufyy one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, and which (hall be in arrear and unpaid.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That New duties to from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven ^J51*** ***** hundred and feventy-nine, there (hall be charged, raifed, levied *

and paid, unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftbrs, the fcveral *

and refpe&ive rates and duties upon all inhabited houfes, with

their appurtenances, hereinafter mentioned, by the occupiers

thereof refpedtively; (that is to fay), upon and for every dwell- for all iohabi.

ing-houfe inhabited, together with the offices, courts, yards, ted dwelltng-

and gardens, as herein-after exprefled, therewith occupied,

which now are, or hereafter (hall be, eredled within the king- 10/. a5year,

dom of Great Britain, and which are, or for the time bein* 6<f. in the

(hall be, worth the yearly rent of five pounds and upwards, and Pound 1

under the yearly rent of twenty pounds the yearly film of

fix pence in the pound; and upon and for every dwelling- from 40 f fQ

houfe inhabited, together with the offices, courts, yards 2nd	“tlie

gardens, as herein-after exprefled, therewith occupied, which pouo 9

now are, or hereafter (hall be, eredted within the kingdom of

Great Britain, and which are, or for the time being Ihall be,

worth the yearly rent of twenty pounds and upwards, and

under the yearly rent of forty pounds, the yearly fum of nine- for all at

pence in the pound; and upon and for every dwelling h°uk

inhabited, together with the offices, courts, yards, and gardens, *s%	**

as herein-after exprefled, therewith occupied, which now aFe, pound.

or hereafter (hall be, eredled within the kingdom of Great

Britain, and which are, or for the time being Ihall be, worth

the yearly rent of forty pounds and upwards the yearly fum of

one (hilling in the pound, to be eftimated and afeertained in the

manner in the (aid adt and this prefent adt exprefled.

III.	And be it further enadfed and declared by the authority where the aforefaid, That, in all parifhes and places where the afleflments afleirriients were made for three quarters of a year, from the fifth day of,or the/°r?ncr July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, to the ^defbVthreb to the fifth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and qUarrer* of a feventy-nine, at the rates preferibed by the former a&, a further year, a further afleflment (hall be made at the fame rates for one quarter, from aflrcfflrtcnt °f the faid fifth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and made

feventy-	1

Digitized by Google 1

328	Anno	dedmo	nono	Georgii III. C.59.	[1779,

up to July 51 feventy-nine, to the fifth day of July following $ and that if any ,779*	rate or affcffment, at fixpende in the pound, on the value «

Sixpenny any houfe and houfehold offices therewith occupied, worth the rates on boufet yearly fom of twenty pounds and upwards, hath been, or (hall and upward^ ** ma<*c* *n purfuance of the faid ad for railing the faid rate made for any *nd duty thereby granted, for and in refpeit of the quarter, half time after July year, or any other time, after the faid fifth day of July, ooe 5*.'779*	thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, every fuch rate or

V01<*#	afleflinent fo far as the fame relates to the railing fuch rate and

duty, in refped of fuch quarter, half year, or other term, after the fifth day of July, lhall be null and Void.

Afleflment* IV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the autho-for new duties rity aforefaid, That affeffments (hall be made out for railing the tobemadeout duties by this prefent ad impofed, from the fifth day of JWjr, forthreequar- onc thoufand feven hundred and feventy-hine, to the fixth jday Irn^o AprU*6April, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty; which affeff-17801	* ments lhall be certified by the afleflors, and returned by them

to the faid commiffioners, on or before the tenth day of Stp» timber, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine; and that the furveyors (hall and may, on or before the fixteenth day of November following, certify their furcharges for railing the bid duties for the faid three quarters, to the faid commiffioners; and that all appeals, in refpedt to the faid three quarters afleff-ments, (hall and may be heard *nd determined between the tenth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-and after tbit nine, and fourth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred tirn* to ** and eighty ; and that from and after the fifth day-of Aprils one r?ualVT&c.n" t^ou^ar,d feven hundred and eighty, the faid duties (hall beaf-feffed annually for one whole year, to commence from the fifth day of April in each year; and that in all future years the af-feuments (hall be made out and certified, and the furcharges certified, and the appeals heard, at the fame times as the afleflf-ments, furcharges, and appeals, are made, certified, and heard, on the duties on houfes and windows.

Coach-houfrs,	V. And be it further enabled and declared, That every

den$anotoc- coach-boufe, ftable, brewhoufe, wafh-houfe, laundry, wood* ceeding one houfe, bakehoufe, dairy, and other offices, and all yards, courts, acre, to be and curtilages, and gardens, not exceeding one acre, belonging valued toge- to, and occupied with, any dwelling-houfe, chargeable to the dwellTn^lhC ratcs and duties impofed by this ait, (hall be valued together houfes!8- with fuch dwelling houfe, and be liable to, and charged and af-feffed with, the rates and duties impofed by this ait.

If the Com- VI. And, for the mort effectual levying and colliding the duty rniflioners in impofed by this aft, in that part of Great Britain called England WaleVfliaU an^ Wales, be it enaited and declared. That in cafe at any time negleft to ap- the commiffioners for putting in execution this prefent ait, (hall point afleflors, negleit to appoint affeffors, or in cafe the afleflors by them ap-&c. the fur. pointed (hall negleit to perform what is required ot them, by ^rfornTtlaleir t*lc feidail	fefl*on	of	parliament,	and	this	prefent	aA;

duty.	that then, and in fuch cafe, it (had and may be lawful to and

for the furveyor or furveyors, appointed or to be appointed in

that

Digitized by

Google

1779-1 Anno decimo nono Georg n III. c. 59.	329

that behalf, to do and perform fuch and the like fervices as are by the faid ads required froiq fuch afleffors.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Part of the re-That that part of theTaid recited a d, whereby the comraiffio- cited ad refers thereby appointed for putting the fame in execution, have P**!*1-pother to enlarge, alter, abate, or diminilh, the afleffments to be ^delivered to the faid commiflioners, before fuch commiflioners

fhaH have fet their names to fuch refpedive afleffments, teftify-iog their allowance thereof, (hall be, and the fame is hereby re* pealed.

VIII.	And it is hereby further enabled, That, from and a&er After July cf

the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy- i779»n° alkff-nine,no afleffments which (hall be made or delivered to the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, purfuant to the ™delivered to faid ad, or this prefent ad, (hall be altered or diminithed before the com mi (Tithe time tor hearing and determining appeals, and then only oners, (hall be upon the commiflioners hearing the matter of the appeal parti- a^tcr?c* before cularly relating thereto, or concerning the fame, upon a general ^arir^ap-appeal day.	,	peals.

IX.	And whereas the faid aft recited, That feveral manufafturti, ^ fl,opl ancj trades^ occupationj, and callingsy necejfarily require warehoufes and warehoufes buildings requifite for carrying them on, by reafon whereof the per- attached to the fins concerned therein are obliged to pay large rent*) or have laid out j|WCfc jjjjii ^ confederate ferns thereony and that it might be a great hardjhip upon charged to the fetch perjons to be rated to the full extent of their refpeftive rentsy or rare*6 together 'tf the value of the premifes above-mentioned; and it was thereby with fuch auafted and declared, That fuch premifes Jhould not be liable to the duty dwelling-imp*fed by the faid afty but that the affeffment Jhould be made on the "ou *c ? dwelling*boufe onlyy with the houfehold office* belonging to it; And

wherea*) under colour of the faid exemption, the payment of the Jaid rate* and duties hath been greatly eludedy it is therefore hereby enaded, That all (hops and warehoufes, which are attached to the dwelling-houfe, or have any communication therewith,

(except fuch warehoufes and buildings upon or near adjoining Exceptrhofc to wharfs, which are occupied by perlons who carry on the buii- °* wharfin-oefs of wharfingers, and who have dwelling*houfes upon the 8cra* faid wharfs for the refidenceof themfelves or fervanrs employed Upon the faid wharfs, and who are to be rated in refped of the (aid dwelling-houfes only,) (hall be charged with the rates and duties granted by this ad, together with the dwelling-houfe and the houfehold and other offices thereto belonging; any thing in the faid recited ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	Provided always, and be it further cnaded by the au- No warehoofe thority aforefaid, That no warehoufe, being a diflind and which is a di(* feparate building, and not part or parcel of the dwelling-houfe tind building or (hop, but employed folely for the purpofe of lodging goods, ^“ling-warest and merchandize, or for carrying on fome manufacture, houfeand (although the fame may adjoin to, or have an internal com mu- (hop, (hall be nicationwith,thedwelling-houfe,) (hall be charged with the rates charged with

. and duties granted by this ad; any thing therein contained tothe rate#* the contrary notwithflanding.

•	XI.	Apd

Digitized by

Google

3$o	Anno	decimo	nono	Georgii	III.	c. 59. *[*779.

All inhabited XI. And whereas it is declared by the faid aft of the lajl ftffm houfes ot 5 A cf parliament* That no houfes /hall, within the intention of that ad, ward s^o tic" be deemed or taken to be inhabited houfes, except the fame Jhall be in-fubjt& to the habited by the owner, or by a tenant renting the fame : And whereas duties, except doubts have arifen, whether houfes inhabited by perfons who pay no rent fuch a» are for t^e jam€ are with\n tfje meaning of the faid aft; be it further cepted by*the ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all houfes within the recited act. kingdom of Great Britain, of the annual value of five pounds, No houfe to and upwards, inhabited by any perfon or perfons whatfoever, be deemed in- (hall be fubjed to the duty impofed by this ad, except fuch as are which on? exprefly excepted by the faid recited ad: provided always, That oneCperfon no ^oufc (hail be confidered as an inhabited houfe in which a refide* to take fervant or other perfon only refides to take care of the fame, care thereof. XII. And be it further enaded ind declared. That where Where houfes any houfe (hall be divided into different (lories or tene-ferenVtcne-^ mcnls> *ct *n different apartments to fcveral perfons, and ments, the" fubjed by the faid rpcited ad to the duties thereby granted ts landlord (hall if the fame was inhabited by one perfon or -family only, the be deemed the landlord or owner of every fuch houfe (hall be deemed and ta-occupicr. kcn t0 the OCCUpicr of fuch dwelling-houfe, and fhall be charged with and liable to pay the duties impofed by this ad; any thing in the faid recited ad contained to the contrary not-withffanding.

All halls and XIII. And be it likewife enaded and declared by the autho-officti charge- rity aforefaid, That all and every hall and office whatfoever be-ablc toother longing to any perfon or perfons, or to any bodies politick or rates* to be*corporate, that are or may be lawfully charged with the payment (ubje’ft to the of any other taxes or parifh rates, (hall be fubjed to the duties duties granted granted by this ad, and (hall berefpedivelycharged as inhabited by this aft. houfes within the true intent and meaning of this ad; and the perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, to whom the fame (hall belong, (hall be charged and aflefled as the occupiers t thereof.

Commiffion- XIV. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority ers tobefworn aforefaid. That no perfon (hall prefume to ad as a commiflioner before they jn the execution of the faid recited ad, or of this prefent ad, or ad^Mhe**	Part	X^c	bd°re	recited	a#	of	the	feventeenth year of

recited ads. bis prefent Majefty as relates to the granting to his Majefty a duty upon all lervants retained or employed in the feveral capacities therein mentioned, or any of the powers therein or herein contained, until he hath firff taken (beiides the oaths required to he taken by any other ad or ads of parliament) an oath, or, being one of the people called Quakers) made and lubfcribed his folemn affirmation, in the following manner:

The oath. /A. B. do fwear, (or affirm^ as the cafe may require,) That 1 * will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commrJ/tonery and will determent upon all appeals which Ihall be brought before me at-cording to the left of my/kill and judgement, purfaant to the afts of parliament in that itbalf*

St Mp me GOD. XV. Pro:

Digitized by

Google

1779*1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 59.	331

XV. Provided always, and be it further enadled by Uie au- Commiffion-thority aforefaid, Th?t no perfon (hall be capable of adting as a commiffioner in the execution of the faid recited adls, or of this	to	be

prefent a61, or any of the powers therein or herein contained, fwom at ro within the city of London and liberty of Saint Martin le Grand, their qualifi-nor within the city and liberty of IVeJlminfter, unlefs fuch per- caUon* fon be poflefled of lands, tenements, or perfonal'eftate, to the amount or value of two thoufand pounds at lead, after the payment of all his debts, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding; which qualification they (hall fwear to previous to their aiding as aforefaid, or, being one of the people called Quakers, make and fubferibe his folemn affirmation, in the following form :

T A. B. do fwear, (or affirm, as the cafe may require,) T1?at I The oath.

truly and bona fide have fuch an ejlate, confifting of (fpecifying the fame,) of the clear value of two thoufand pounds over and above what will fatisfy and difeharge all my debts.

So help me GOD.

And if any perfon (hall prefume to ail as a commifTioner in the Penalty on execution of the faid recited adls, or of this prefent adt, or any comunffioner* of the powers therein or herein contained, before he (hall have ^nfiave tak-taken fuch oaths, or made fuch affirmations, as herein directed, cn fheoath*/ he (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of two hundred pounds; one moiety*thereof (hall be paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to any perfon or per-fons who will inform or fue for the fame.

XVI.	And whereas, by the faid recited aft of the ftventeenth year Recital of of bis prefent Majefty, it is provided, That in cafe any ntafter or mi- Part of the ft refs Jhall negleft or refttfe to make out, ftgn, and deliver, to the of-fejjor or ajfejfors to be appointed by virtue of the faid aft, a lift of his 17 co 3‘ or her fervants, as by the faid aft is required; or in cafe, in any lift delivered, any fervant or fervants jboll, by the faid ajfejfor or ajfejfors, be found to be omitted, then, and in either of the faid cafes, fuch af-fejfor or ajfcjfors are by the aft authorifed and impozvered to make, upon fuch wafter or miftrefs fo neglcfting or rifuftng to deliver a lift, or delivering a deficient lift, of his or her fervants, an ajjeffment of the number of fervants retained or employed by fuel) mafter or mijlrcfs, as in the faid aft is mentioned, diftir.gu i/hing their chriftian and fur-names, and their refpeftive employments; and the furveyor or fur-veyors, in the faid aft mentioned, are by the faid aft authorifed and required to examine every lift and ajfejfment, and if he cr they Jhall dffcover that any mafter or miftrefs, who fhould and ought to be charged with the faid duty,Jha1l have been omitted to be charged therewith, or Jhall have been under-rated, he or they are dire ft ed to certify, as in the faid aft mentioned, fuch fervant or fervants as have been omitted, together with the chriftian and fur name, and the employment, of each fervant, by way of fur charge: And whereas great difficulties have occurred to the ajfejfors and furveyors, in making fuch offejfmints and fur charges, in difeovering the names and employments of the fervants,

in

Digitized by v^ooQle

33*	Apno	deeimo	nono GeoRGH III. c.59;	[1779.

in refpett of whom the majkr or miftrefs ought to be affeffed ini No afltffraent charged; be it therefore enacted by the authoriry afbrclaid, That or furcUarge, no alTelfment or furcharge, made or to be made, by any afleffcr affefibr*&c*y or a®r®>r,» furv®y°r or Purveyors, by virtue of the (aid ad, dr (haji be im- this prefent ad, (nail be impeached or affeded by reafon of any peached for miftafce or variance in the chriftian or furname, or either of them, any miftakein of any fervants, or in the dcfcription of their employments; but iiama &c*	a^e^mcn^s	and furcharges (hall be valid and* effec-

* tual, to all intents and purpofes, notwithftanding any fuch mif-take or variance, provided the perfon or perfons intended to be defcribed (hall be a fervant or fervants, in refped of whom the matter or miftrefs ought to be aflefled within the meaning of die faid ad.

Regulations XVII. And whereas y by the faid atl of the fcventeenth year of bis relating to prejent Majtfty, notice is taken^ that many majlers and miffrejfts have% or may have, different places of refidencey or may have fcrvattts♦ ftrent plLes ln r*fPe^ °f w^om fuch mafter s or mifireffes may be liable to be rated of rcfidence. °r ajfejjedfjlationed or refuting in different places, and relief is therein provided to prevent fuch mafters and mifireffes from being affeffed in more places than one for their refpeftive fervants, which has been found to be attended with confederable difficulties, and afforded oceafien for many evafions\ be it further enaded by the authority afore-laid, That every fuch matter or miftrefs, when he or (he is called upon by the afleflors for a lift of his or her fervants, in each paritti or diftrid where he or (he has a place of refidence, as direded by the faid recited ad, (hall at the fame time return a lift, or make a declaration, figned by him or her, of the number of fervants they mean to pav for at every other place, fpccifymg the particular pari(h or parimes wherein he or (he means to pay for fuch other fervant or fervants; and the faid afleflors (hall

Penalty on mafters for not returning fervants in one parifh,according to lifts, &c. delivered in another.

All the powers, rules, pe-

enter the fame at the end of their fcveralafleflments, and deliver them to the furveyor for the diftrid, that he may tranfmit the particulars thereof to the commiflioners for managing the affairs of taxes; and on failure of the delivery of fuch lift, or making a declaration, in the manner above-mentioned, by any matter or miftrefs, the afleflors or furveyors (hall, and are hertby required to furcharge fuch mafter or miftrefs for every fervant who has been retained by any mafter or miftrefs refpetfively, within the paritti for which the afleflment is made, during the year ending the fifth day of April preceding the making futh afleflment.

XVIII.	Andit *8 hereby further enaded and declared, That if it (hall be difeoverd that any fervant or fervants have not been returned by a mafter or miftrefs in one pari(h, according to the lifts or declarations delivered in another, in order to their being brought regularly, into charge by the afleflors, the mafter or miftrefs of fuch fervant or fervants (hall forfeit and pay the fum of forty pounds, one half to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceiTors, and the other to the perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame.

XIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

a	That

Digitized by Google

1779O Anno decimo nond GeoRGII III. C.60,61.

That all and every the powers, authorities, rules, dirc&ions, penalties, forfeitures, chafes, matters, and things, not hereby altered, contained in the faid recited ads, made in the feven-teepth year of his .prefent Majefty, and in the lad feflion of parliament, or either of them, for raifing, levying, collecting, and paying tfie duties thereby granted, fhafl be in full force, and be duly obferved, pradifed, and put in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, for raifing and levying, collecting and paying, the feveral rates and duties on Jervants, and on inhabited houfes, by the faid ads, and this prefent act granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame or the like powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body of this prefent act.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That all penalties and forfeitures to be incurred for any offences againft this ad, for which there is no particular way of levying herein preferibed or appointed, (hall be recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminfttr, with cofts of fuit, by adion ot debt, or on the cafe, bilf, fuit, or information, wherein no effoin, protedion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XXI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times, be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in purtyance of this ad, or of anv claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, filch perfon or perions (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LX.

An ad for efUblUhing certain payments to be made to tbe vicar of the panfli of Saint Micnael in the city of Coventry lor tbe time being in lieu of tithes j and tor repealing lo much of an ad of the fourth aud fifth of Philip and Mary as relates to the payment of tithes in the faid parifh.

CAP. LXI.

An cR for continuing in the poffeffton of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, for a limited time, and under certain conditions, the territorial acquifitions and revenues lately obtained in the Eaft Indies; and for continuing, for a limited time,fo much of an aR^ made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An ad for eftabliining certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the Eaft India company, as well in India as in Europe, as will expire in the courfe of the prefent year.

WHEREAS

ni

nalties, See. in the recited ads, (not hereby altered,) to be obferved in executing the faid ads, and this, ad.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered.

Perfons fued in executing this ad, may plead the general iffue.

and recover treble colts.

Digitized by

334

pteamble. Recital of jjGeo. i* tap. 64.

Anno decimo nono GeoRGH III. c.6r.	[177^

WHEREAS by an aft, paffed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An adt for granting to his Majefty a fumof money, to be raifedby exchequer bills; and to be advanced and applied in the manner, and upon the terms, therein mentioned, for the relief of the united company 1 of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies; it was di-refted, That the (ommijjioners of his Majefly's treafury, or the lord high treafufer for the time being, fhould' caufe to be prepared and made any number of exchequer bills not exceeding in the whole the amount of one million four hundred thoufand pounds, to be lent, advanced, and ijfued, as in the faid aft was dire fted, for the relief of the united company of merchants• of England trading to the Ea(t Indies ; and whereas by the faid aft it was declared, That in the then circumftances of the Eart India company, it would not be in their power to provide for the repayment of the loan aforefaid, and for ejlablijbing their affairs upon a more fecure foundation for the time to come, unlefs the publick fhould agree to forego, for the then prefent time, all participation in the profits arifeng from the territorial acqui-fitions and revenues lately obtained in the Eaft Indies; and therefore it was by the faid aft enaftei, That until the aforefaid fum of one million four hundred thoufand pounds fhould be repaid, and the bond debt of the company be reduced to the fum of one million five bundrii thoufand pounds, the whole clear profits arifmg from the aforefaid territorial acquijitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and qxpences attending the fame, together with all the clear revenue and profits of the faid company, after providing for the current payments of interejl, and other outgoings, charges and expences, of the faid company, fhould, from time to time, be difpofed of and applied in tht manner as in the faid aft wai direfted; [that is to fay) until the aforefaid fum of one million four hundred thoufand pounds fhould be repaid, and fo long as the faiafum, or any part thereof, fhould remain unpaid, there fhould, in the fir ft place, be fet apart and applied, out of the faid clear revenues and profits, fuch a fum as might be fuffcier.l for anfwering a dividend to the proprietors of the flock of the faid company, not exceeding the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum Upon the capital flock of the faid company; and all the furplus of the faid clear revenues and profits fhould be applied in diminution of the faid fum of one million four hundred thoufand pounds,,or fuch part thereof as fhould be remaining unpaid, and for defraying the charge5 incurred in refpeft thereof; and after the repayment of the whole of the money fo advanced and applied as aforefaid, and until the bond debt of the faid company fhould be reduced to the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, there fhould in like manner be fet apart and applied, in the firft place, out of the faid clear revenues and profits, fuch fum as might be fuffic\ent for anfwering a dividend, not exceeding the rate of feyen pounds per centum per annum upon the capital flock of the faid company; after which all the furplus of the fold clear revamps and profits fhould be applied in reducing the bond debt of the faid company: And whereas the faid fum of one million four hundred thoufand pounds h\<p been repaid, and fully difeharged, and all the charges incurred in refpeft thereof have been defrayedand the bond

debt

Digitized by

1779O Anno decimo nano GeoRGII III. c. 6t.

debt of the /aid company has been reduced to, or under, the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, whereby the circumfiames, in confederation whereof it was im the aforefaid aft declared that the public t Jbould agree to for ego,for the then prefent time, all participation in the profit arifing from the territorial acquifitions and revenues lately obtained in the Eaft Indies, have ceafed and are determined$ but whereas notwitbfianding it may be expedient that the aforefaid territorial acquifitions and revenues Jbould, for a limited time, and under certain conditions and refiriftions, remain in the pofjejfion of the united company of merchants g/* England trading to the Eaft Indies: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King’s inoft excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all the territorial acquifitions and revenues, lately obtained in the Eaft Indies, (hall remain in the poflefiion of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafi Indies, and their fuccefifors, for’and during the term of one year, to be computed from the fifth day of April, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine.

II.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That, for and during the faid term, the whole clear profits arifing from the faid territorial acquifitions and revenues, after defraying the charges and expences attending the fame, together with all the clear revenue and profits of the faid company, after providing for the current payments of intereft, and other outgoings, charges and expences, of the faid company, (hall bedilpofed of and applied in manner following: that is to fay, it (hall and may be lawful, out of the faid clear revenues and profits, to fet apart and apply in the firft place, fuch fum as may be fufficient for anfwering a dividend to the proprietors of the flock of the faid company, not exceeding the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, upon the capital ftock of the faid company, after which the whole furplus of the faid clear revenues and profits (hall be referved and await any future agreement that may be made between the publick and the faid company.

III.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That, during the continuance of this adt, the faid united com-

Sdo caufe, and they are hereby diredted and required to i to be made up half-yearly, with as much accuracy as the nature of the cafe will admit, a ftatement or account of the profit and lofs upon the whole of the trade and revenues of the laid company, together with a ftate of the debts of the faid company, in England, exclufive of their bond debt, to the firft day of September, and the firft day of March; the firft of fuch ftatements or accounts to be made up from the firft day of March to the firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine j and to tranfmit fuch ftatement or account fairly written, and figned by two or more of the dire&ors of the Vo I. XXXII.	Z	-	faid

335

All the teni-tonal acquisitions and revenues, lately obtained in theEalt Indies, to remain in poflefiion of the company till April 5, 1780.

No dividend to be made by the company, before April 5, 1780, of mo«*e than eight per cent per ann.

The company are to caufe to be made up halt yearly, du< ing the continuance of this atfv an account of the profit and lofis upon their trade, See,

which (hall be tranfmitted to the commif Goners of the treafury.

Digitized by LjOoq le

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c.6i. [1779.

faid united company, within twenty one days after the day to Which fuch ftatement or account (hall be made up refpe&« ivcly, to thecommiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being.

The company IV. And be it enaded by the authority afore fa id. That, during reft rifled from the continuance of this ad, it (hall not be lawful for the (laid accepting bill# united company, or their fucceflors, or any of their officers fui^drawn on or ^erv?nts on lheir account, to accept or otherwife bind the them by their kid company, or their fucceflors, for the payment of any bill officers, &c. in or bills of exchange, drawn by any of their officers or fervants, theEaft ndies. at any of their prefidencies in the Eafi Indies, for any fum exceeding thefum of three hundred thoufand pounds, exclufiveof certificates, to the amount of eight thoufand pounds, to the commanders and officers of each of the company’s (hips, with-without the out confent and order firft had and obtained of the commif-con.'ent of the fioners of his Majcfty’s treafury for the time being, or any three commiflioners or more of them, or of the high treafurer for the time being, of the treafury. wj1Q are hereby refpedively authorifed to give fuch confent, or to make fuch order thereon as they (hall judge expedient; and every acceptance or engagement made contrary, to the true meaning and intent of this ad, (hall be null and void to all intents and purpofes.

Recital of * V. And whereas by another aft, paffid in the fame feffion of per-13 Geo.	liameni, intituled, An ad for eftablilhing certain regulations for

cap. 63. the better management of the affairs of the Eafi Inda company, as well in India as in Europe, it was, among other things, enabled, That, for the government of the preftdency of Yon William in Bengal, there Jhould be appoin ted a governor general and four counfellors, and that the whole civil and military government of the fid preji-demy, and alfo the ordering, management, and government, oj all the territorial acquifetions and revenues in the kingdoms of Bengal, Bahar, and Orifla, Jhould, during fuch time as the territorial acqui-f lions and revenues Jhould remain in the poffijjion of the faid united company, be vejlcd in the faid governor general and council of the faid preftdency of Fort William in Bengal; and afo that the governor general and four firfl councilors, appointed by the faid aft, Jhould each of them hold and continue in his and their refpeftive offices for and during the term of Jive years from the time of their arrival at Fort William in Bengal, and taking upon them the government of the faid preftdency, and jhould not be removeable in the mean time, except by his Majejly, his heirs and fucceffiors, upon reprefentat'm made by the court of dir eft or s for the faid united company for the time being : and whereas it may be expedient that the faid regulation Jhould be extended to the perfon and perfons who, at the time of pnfftng this aft,Jhall have and enjoy the refpeftive offices of governor general, and The governor counj~eHors 0f	preftdency	; be it therefore enaded by the

councilors of authority aforefaid, That the perfon and perfons who, at the the preiidency time of the parting of this ad, (hall have and enjoy the office ot Fort Wil- and offices of governor general and councellors of the faid pre-tln'ue If their" ^deilcy, (hall hold and continue in his and their refpediveof-Lffices’dut nig foes f°r and during the continuance of this ad, and (hall not

be

Digitized by t^ooQle

I779*} Anno decimo nono Georgii III. 0*62.	337

be removeable in the mean time, except by his Majefty, his the continu-heirs and fucceflors, upon reprefentation made by the, court of *£5* ot this diredors for the faid united company for the time being; and JilCyCfhouldbe (hall have and enjoy all and lingular the powers and authorities reeved by his veiled by the faid adt in the firft governor general, and four firft Majefty, Sec. counfellors by the faid adl appointed, and (hall be fubjedl to the faid reftridtions and limitations as by the faid act the firft governor general and firft four counfellors were made fubjedl; and that in cafe of the avoidance of the offices of fuch governor general,, or any of the faid counfellors, fuch office fhall be re-fpectively fupplied in the faid manner as the fame office would by the faid adt have been fupplied, during the remainder of the term of five years which was computed from the time that the firft governor genera] and four firft counfellors took upon them the government of the faid prelidency.

VI.	Provided always nevertheless, and be it ena&ed, That Thisaftnotto nothing in this adt contained lhall extend, or be conftrued to ntfcfl the rights extend, to affedt the rights of the crown, or of the faid com-

pany, after the expiration of this adl; but that the fame fhall parK, after the remain, continue, and be in the fame ftate and condition, in expiation all refpedls, as though this adl had never been made.	thereof,

VII.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Publickaft. That this adl (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick ad; of

which notice (hall be judicially taken by all judges, jultices, and all other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. LXII.

An aft to permit the removal of lime, and other articles neceffary for the improvement of land, without cocquet or bond.

WH R R E A S by an aft made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Preamble.

years of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled,

An adt for preventing frauds and regulating abufe^ in his Ma- Rec*lta) Df an jelly’s cuftoms), it was amongfl other things, enafied, That if any act 13 and 14 goods, wares, or merchandizes, Jball be Jhipped or put on board to be Car. a. carried forth to the open fea, from any one port, creek, or member, of England, dominion of Wales, or port and town ^Berwick, to be landed at any other place of this realm, without a fuffierance or warrant firft had and obtained from the officers of his Maj fly's cufi-toms, all fuch goods, wares, and merchandizes, Jball be forfeited and loft; and that the mafter of every fhip or vejjel that fhall fo lade or take in any fuch goods, wares, or merchandizes, to be landed and difebarged as aforefaid, Jball, before the Jhip or vejfel be removed or carried out of the port from whence he jball take in his lading, take out a cocquet or cocquets, and become bound to the King's majefty, with good fecurity, in the value of the goods, wares, and merchandizes, for delivery and difebarge thereof, in the port or place for which the fame fhall be entered, or in fome other port or place in this kingdom : and whereas, in order to promote the cultivation and improvement of

Digitized by

Google

jj8	Anno	decimo	nono	Georgii III. c.63.	(1779.

lani,> it is expedient that lime% and other articles necejfary for tbet '	'	purtofe,	Jbould	be	removed	at	as	little expence as poffble to the owners

and proprietors of fucb land, and that they Jbould not be put to any trouble or difficulty more than is necejfary for the fecurity of the fublick revenue; be it therefore enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,and commons,in this prefent parliament affembled, After 14 June, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the twenty-1779,lime,&c. fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-

ovementof n*nc» n° CoC(luct or b°nd ^ rC(lu*re(J or taken by any iand'may be	or	officers of the cuftoins, from the matter or owner of

carried from any hoy, veffel, or boat, or from any other perfon whatfoever, port to port, for carrying or removing of any lime, lime-ftones, chalk, .wllho“J marie, or dung, from any port, member, or creek, in Greet quet or bond. Britain, to be landed at any other port or place within the .faid kingdom ; but fuch lime, lime-ftones, chalk, marie, and dung, may be fo fhipped and laden, at any port, member, or creek, within this kingdom, by fufferance or warrant, and may be removed and carried by open fea, and landed at any other port 1 or place in Great Britain, by tranftre only; any thing in the faid recited a (ft, or any other a<ft, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. LXIII.

An afi for raifing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fevenly nine.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. \\T your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedh, the VV commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, towards raifing the neceffary fupplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majefty in this feflion of parliament, have revived to give and grant unto your Majefty the fum herein-after mentioned ; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent Comroiflio- parliament affembled, aud by the authority of the fame, That ners of the it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners of his treafuiy may Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or *^00 000/	morc of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, at any

byloanTand time or times before the fifth day of January, one thoufand exchequer feven hundred and eighty, to caufe or dire& any loans to be bills, before taken or received at his Majefty’s exchequer from any perfoa Jan. 5, 1780. or perfon^ natives or foreigners, body or bodies politick or corporate, or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in loans and exchequer bills together, in the whole, the fum of one million in manner as five hundred thoufand pounds, in the fame or like manner,

form.

Digitized by

1779-1 Anno dccimonono GboRGII III. c.63.	339

form, and order, and according to the fame or like rules and by the land w diredions, as in and by an a d of this prefcnt feflion of parlia-	^

ment, (intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majefty by a fcribed^&cf" land-tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year	*

one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine,) are prefcribed concerning the loans or exchequer bills to be taken or made in pur-fuance of the faid ad.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That The claufes in

all and every the claufcs, provifoes, powers, privileges, ad van- the faid aft re. tages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in the	ioani

faid laft mentioned ad, relating to the loans or exchequer billsor 1 5* authorifed to be made by the fame ad, (except fuch claufes as(txcept, Ac.) do charge the fame on the taxes granted by the fame ad, and

except luch claufes as limit the rate of intereft to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the faid ad, and alfo except as is herein-after mentioned), (hall be applied and ex- extended to tended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in purfu- stance of this ad, as fully and effedually, to all intents and pur-pofes, as if the fame loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorifed by the faid laft-mentioned ad, or as if the faid feve-ral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re- * enaded in the body of this ad.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the autho- Exchequer rity aforefaid, That no exchequer bill or bills to be made out by

virtue of this ad, (hall, after the fame hath or have been iflued J^ved again" at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the fixth in payment of day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, received any taxes, or taken, or pafs or be current, to any receiver or colledor, in Great Britain, of the cuftoms, excife, or any revenue, fupply, aid, or tax whatfoever, due or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any fuch receiver or colledor, or from any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, otherwife or on any other account than for the difeharge and cancelling of fuch bills, in cafe the fame (hall be in due courfe or order of payment before the faid fixth day of April; nor (hall any fuch receiver or colledor ex- norexchanged change, at any time before the (aid fixth day of April, for any before April money of fuch revenues, aids, taxes, or fupplies, in his bands, V17®0, any exchequer bill or bills which (hall have been iflued as aforefaid by virtue of this ad; nor (hall any adion be maintained Adionnotto againft any fuch receiver or colledor for negleding or refufing to exchange jny fuch bill or bills for ready money, before the1* faid fixth day of April, any thing in the faid ad made in this prefent feftion of parliament, (intituled. An aft for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ftventy-nine) or this ad, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Money fo That all fuch leans or exchequer bills, together with the in- 'out of tereft, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending che next parli-

Z 3	the	amentary	aid	j

Digitized by 30Qle

and if none

b? granted before Ju’y 5, 1780.

to be charged on the linking fund.

Monies fo if-foed to be replaced out of the firft fup-plies,

Bank of England autlio-rifed to advance the faid fum on the credit of this aft;

aft s & 6 Oul. Sc Mariae not-mihlUnding.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C.63. [1779.

the fame, (hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and (hall be repaid or borne by or out of the firft aids or fupplies which (hall be granted in the next feflion of parliament; and in cafe fufficient aids or fupplies for that purpofe (hall not be granted before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, then all the faid loans or exchequer bills, with the interefts, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the fame, (hall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon fuch monies as, at any time or times at or after the faid fifth day of July, (hall be or remain in the receiut of the exchequer of the furpluffes, excefles, overplus-monies, and other revenues compofing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any aft or afts of parliament in that behalf); and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be iflued and applied, as foon as the fame can be regularly ftated and afcertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and difcharging fuch loans or exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled,( and difeharged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the rbfpeftivd proprietors thereof.

V.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That whatever monies (hall be fo iflued out of the faid furplufles, excefles, overplus-monies, or father revenues compofing the finking fund, (hall from time to time be replaced by and out of the firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI And be it declared and further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Majefty, in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of loan granted by this aft, any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, any thing in an aft, made in the fifth hnd fixth years of the reign of King IVilliam and Queen Mary, (intituled. An aft for granting to their Majejiies feveral rates and duties upon tonnage of Jhips and veffels, ana upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences and ad-vantages, in the faid aft mentioned, to fuch perfons as /hail voluntarily advance the fum of one million Jive hundred thoufand pounds towards carrying on the war againjl France,) to the contrary ^hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP.

Digitized by L^ooQle

341

177^1 Anno decimo nono GeoRGII HI. c.64.

CAP. LX1V.

An aft for raiftng a further fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-ninr.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedb, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, towards raifing the neceflary fupplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majefty in this fefiion of parliament, have revived to give and grant unto your Majefty the fum hcrein-after mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enafted by the King’s meft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and Commiflion-may be lawful to and for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s of the treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, at any time or ^00^0001 times before the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hun- by loans and dred and eighty, to caufe or direft any loans to be taken or re- exchequer ceived at his Majefty’s exchequer from any perfon or perfons,before natives or foreigners, body or bodies politick or corporate, 0r Jan**'17 any number of exchequer bills to be made out there for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in loans and exchequer bills together in the whole the fum of one million, nine hundred thoufand pounds, in the fame or like manner, form, and order, in manner as and according to the fame or like rules and direftions, as in and by the land by an aft of this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled. An a& for granting an aid to bis Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred andfe~	9

venty-nine, are prefcribed concerning the loans or exchequer bills, to be taken or made in purfuance of the faid aft.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That The claufes in all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, advanta- the faid aft ges, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, contained in the faid rating to laft-mentioned aft relating to the loans of exchequer bills au- oansor llls» thorifed to be made by the fame aft (except fuch claufes as do charge the fame on the taxes granted by the feme aft, and except fuch claufes as limit the rate of intereft to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the faid aft, and alfo except as is herein-after mentioned) {hall be applied and extended to extended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in purlu- this aft. ance of this aft, as Fully and effeftually, to all intents and pur-pofes, as if the fame loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorifed by the faid laft-mentioned aft, or as if the faid fevers! claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this aft.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Exchrqufr Z 4	ricy	bills (0 iffued

342	Anno	decimo	nono Georgii III. c.64.	[1779:

not to be re- rity aforcfaid. That no exchequer bill or bills to be made out ceived again by virtue of this a<5t (hall, after the fame hath or have been iffu-in payment of at tjie exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the fixth any taxc*, <jay of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, received or taken, or pafs or be current, to any receiver or colle&or in Great Britain, of the cuftoms, excife, or any revenue, fupply, aid, or tax whatfoever, due or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any fuch receiver or colledtor, or from any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, otherwife or on any other account than , for the difeharge and cancelling of fuch bills, in cafe the fame (hall be in due courfe or order of payment before the faid fixth nor exebang- day of April; nor (hall any fuch receiver or colledor exchange, A	8	at any limc before	fi*1*1	day °* April* for any money of

Pr| »*7 o. rcvenucSj ai(js> taxes> or fupplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill or bills which (hall have been iflued at aforefaid by Aftmn not to virtue of this adt; nor (hall any adtion be maintained againft any lie for fucli	fuch receiver or	colledtor for negledting or refuting to exchange

rclu a1,	any fuch bill or	bills for ready money, before the faid flxth day

of April, any thing in the faid a& made in this prefent feffionof parliament, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to bis Majeftj bj a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of thereat one thoufand [even hundred and feventy-nine, or this a&, contained to the contrary notwfchftanding. •

Money fo IV. And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, raifed to be That all fuch loans or exchequer bills, together with the inter-th^nex^Upar- Premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the hamentary * fame, foall be	and are hereby charged and chargeable upon,

aid $	and (hall be repaid or borne by or out of the firftaids or fup-

plies which (hall be granted in the next feffion of parliament; and if none and in cafe fufficient aids or fupplies for that purpofe (hall hot be granted	be granted before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hun-

before July 5, dred and eighty, then all the faid loans or exchequer bills, with ,7*0'	the intereft, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attend-

to be charged jng the fame, (hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable ffstund upon monies as» at any timc or times at or after the (aid s * fifth day of July> (hall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer of the lurpluftes, excefles, overplus-monies, and other revenues composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any aft or ads of parliament in that behalf;) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be iflued and applied, as foon as the fame can be regularly dated and afeertained, for and towards paying ofF, cancelling, and difeharging fuch loans or exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled and difeharged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpedive proprietors thereof.

Monies fo if- V. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority afore-(atd to be re- yj^2t whatever monies (hall be fo iflued out of the (aid

furpluffes,

Digitized by v^ooQle

1779-1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 65.	34.3

furpluffes, exceffes, overplus-monies, or other revenues compof placed out of ing the finking fund, (hail from time to time be replaced by and the firft itip-outof the firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament j P®**-any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI. And be it declared and further ena&ed by the authority Bank ofEng-aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the governor landautho-and company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his vance^he faid Majefty, in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon fum on ,he the credit of loan granted by this aft, any fum or fums of money credit of this not exceeding in the whole the fum of one million, nine hun- > dred thoufand pounds, any thing in an aft, made in the fifth AS 5 & 6 and fixth years of the reign of King JViltiam and Queen Mary, Gul. & Marias intituled. An aft for granting to their Majefties Jevyral rates not wit hit and-and duties upon tonnage of flaps and veffeland upon beer* ale* and,ilg* other liquors* for fecuring certain recompences and advantages in the faid aft mentioned to fucb perfons as /pall voluntarily advance the fum of one million, five hundred thoufand pounds towards carrying on the war againfl France, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. LXV.

An aft for the further augmentation of the falaries of the fuifne juflices of the courts of King's bench and common pleas* and of the barons of the coif of the court of exchequer, at Weft minder.

WHEREAS it is reafonable and expedient that a further aug- preamble, j mentation Jhould be made to the falaries of the puifne juflices of the courts of Kingrs bench and common pleas* and of the barons of the coif of the court of exchequer* at Weftminfter; anl zuhereas the feveral Jump-duties* granted by divers afts of parliament, made in the thirty -fecond year of the reign of bis late majefly King George the fecond, and in the fecond and fifth years of his prefent Mayfly's reign* and appropriated for the payment of the augmented falaries of the re-fpeftive judges and juflices therein mentioned; and which ftnee that time, by an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefly* have been charged with the payment of a fecond augmentation of the falaries of the juflices of Chefter, and of the great feffions for the counties of Wales, have for many years pafi produced annually a conftderable furplus* but not fujficient to fupply fo much as is tie-ceffary for fuch further augmentation as aforefaid; and there remained in the receipt of the exchequer on the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy - nine* the fum of fifteen thoufand two hundred and ninety-feven pounds* ten /hillings* and five-pence farthing, of the furpluffes of the feveral ft amp-duties aforefaid: and whereas the deduction offlxpence in the pound out of all monies paid upon all falaries* penfjons* annuities, and other payments from the crown* eftablifh-ed by an aft of parliament* made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the firjl* after fatisfying the annuities thereby charged on the fame* hath affo for many years pafl produced a very confiicra-* tie furplus, all which faid feveral furpluffes are by the faid afts re-ffpeftively referred for the difpofition of parliament; be it therefore

euafted

Digitized by

Google

After July 5, *779*l&ere (hall be paid yearly out of tbe iiuplufies of certain damp-duties, See. tne following fums, in augmentation of the judges fala-rie* ‘vide-iicet,

400/. to each p-Jilne judge in tbe King's bench and common p:eis; 500/. to the cmef /baron, and 400 /. to each of the other barons of tbe exchequer.

Preamble.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 66.	[1779*

enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, there (hall be yearly, and every year, iffued, paid, and applied, out of the faid fum of fifteen thouiand two hundred and mnety-feven pounds, ten Shillings, and five-pence farthing, of the furpluffes of the faid fe-veral (lamp-duties fo remaining in the receipt of the exchequer as aforefaid; and out of all or any of the furpluftes which have arifen or (hall arife upon the faid fcveral (lamp-duties granted by the adls aforefaid, (after the payments already charged thereupon (hall from time to time have been fatistied,) and out of the furplulTes now remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, , and which (hall hereafter arife, upon the faid dedudtions of fix- | pence in the pound out of all falaries, penfiom, annuities, and other payments as aforefaid, after fatisfying the faid feveral annuities already charged on the fame the fums of money following, to the feveral judges herein-after mentioned, as an addition to and in further augmentation of their refpe<5live falaries; that is to fay, the fum of four hundred pounds to each of the puifne juftices for the time being in the courts of King’s bench I and common pleas at IP'eflminfler; the fum of live hundred * pounds to the chief baron for the time being in the court of exchequer at IVeftminJler ; and the fum of four hundred pounds to each of the other barons of the coif for the time being in the faid court of exchequer; which faid feveral and refpe&ive fums of money (hall be and are hereby charged upon the faid (um of fifteen thoufand two hundred and ninety-feven p:*nds, ten (hillings, and five-pence farthing, and alfo upon the fev eral fur-plufles aforefaid ; and (hall be paid thereout in every year at luch time and times* and in fuch manner, as the falaries of the faid judges now are or have been accuftomarily paid.

CAP. LX VI.

An aft for granting to bis Majejly feveral additional duties on fiamped vellum, parchment, and paper ; and for better fecurirg the Jl amp-duties upon indentures, leafs, deeds, and other injlnt* ments.

Mod gracious Sovereign*

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, towards raifing the neceflary fupplies which we have freely grant-. ed to your Majefty in this feflion of parliament, have refolved to give and grant to your Majefty the feveral additional rates and duties herein-after mentioned ; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be cnadled ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons,

Digitized by t^c ?le

1779 1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c.66.	345

mons, in this prefcnt parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thiit, from and after the fecond day of Augujt, After Aug. s, one thoufand (even hundred and feventy-nine, there (hall be *779. the fol-raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and dutie* to be fucceflors, the feveral rates and duties following; (that is to fay,) paid; vMiat,

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or For every (kin piece of paper, upon which any probate of a will, or letters of of parchment, adminiftration for any eftate of or above the value of one hun- or ■ °(Pa‘ dred pounds, (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, an additio- {^c'probate of ^nal ftamp-duty of twenty (hillings; and a further additional a will, or ad-ftamp-duty of twenty (hillings where the eftate is of, or above, mimttering to the value of three hundred pounds, over and above all other an ej*au of> duties now charged thereon:	'	&c*

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or pcr cv ’ piece of paper, upon which is ingrofTcd or written the copy of &c. ufed any will, an additional ftamp-duty of one penny:	in the copy of

r or every skin or piece of vellum or parchment,or fheet or piece a wiil*1 of paper, upon which is ingrofled or written any libel, allegation, deposition, or inventory, exhibited in any ecckfiaftical court, the &can^ ^ny courts of admiralty, and cinque ports, and all copies thereof, an cletiaitical additional ftamp-duty of fixpence:	corn t, Sec. 6J.

For every piece of veHum or parchment, upon which any For every writ of covenant for levying fines fhall be ingrofled or written, piece,&c. tiled an additional ftamp-duty of five (hillings:	covenant	for

For every piece of vellum or parchment, upon which any writ iCVying fines, of entry for fuffering a common recovery (hall be ingrofted or 5/. written, an additional ftamp-duty of five (hillings :	For ditto ufed

For every skin of vellum, upon which is ingrofled or written in writs °f any exemplification, of what nature foever, that (hall pafs the ^coni-feal of any court whatfoever, an additional ftamp-duty of five moufecovery, (hillings;	5/.

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or For every piece of paper, upon which any prefentation or donation which •k,n °£ve!* (hall pafs the great feat, or upon which any collation to be exemp?i-made by any archbifhop or other bfthop, or any prefentation or fication that donation to be made by any patron whatfoever, of or to any be- (hall pafs the nefice, dignity, or fpiritual or ecclefiaftical promotion whatfo- fealofahy ever, (hall be ingrofled or written, an additional ftamp-duty of p01*1^’*** forty (hilling- ; provided fuch benefice, dignity, or promotion, ficmjkc^uftd fhall be of the yearly value of ten pounds, or above, in the jn any pre-King’s books :	fenratiort or

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or donation on-piece of paper, upon which any difpenfation to hold two eccle- f/aF| *0?in^ny fiaftical dignities or benefices, or both a dignity and a benefice, collation, Sec. or any other difpenfation or faculty from the lord archbilhop of to any ceclefi-Canterbury, or the matter of the faculties for the time being, Promo* (hall be ingrofled or written, an additional ftamp-duty of forty a°enainVva-fhillings:	lue,40i.

For For every

skin, See. ufed in any difpenfation to hold two benefices, See. 40 /.'

Digitized by

Google

346

For every •kin. See. ufed in any drawback of cuf-• toms, Sec, 8 d.

For every

piece, &c.

\ifed in any bill of lading lor exportation, 4-d.

Probates of the wills, See. of common feamen or fol-diers not chargeable by this aft.

The aforefaid duties to be under the management of the commit-fioners of the Itamp-office,

Com mifh oners may provide one new (lamp to denote the feve. ral duties granted by different a&*

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 66.	[1779,

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrafted, written, or printed, any certificate or debenture for drawing back any cuftoms or duties* or any part of any cuftoms or duties, for or in refped of the rethipping or exporting of any goods or merchandizes, which (hall be exported or (hipped to be exported from Gnat Britain% for any parts beyond the feas, an additional (lamp-duty of eight-pence :

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, upon which (hall be ingrafted, written, or printed, any note or bill of lading, which (hall be iigned for any goods or merchandizes to be exported, an additional ftamp-duty of four-pence.

II.	Provided, That nothing in this ail contained fhall extend to charge the probate of any will, or letters of adminiftration, of any common feaman or foldier who (hall be (lain or die in his Majefty’s fervice, a certificate being produced from the captain of the (hip or veffel, or captain of the troop or company, under whom fuch feamen or foldier ferved at the time of bus death, and oath made of the truth thereof before the proper judge or officer by whom fuch probate or adminiftration ought to be granted^ which oath, fuch judge or officer is hereby authorised and required to adininifter, and for which no fee or reward (hall be taken.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforebid, That for the better and more effectual levying, colle&ing, and paying, all the faid additional duties herein-before granted, the fame (hall be under the government, care, and management, of the commiflioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the neceflary officers under them for that purpofe, and to ufe and provide fuch damps to denote the faid feveral duties as (hall be requifite in that behalf, and to do all other things neceflary to be done for putting this ad in execution with relation to the ftid feveral rates and duties herein before granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That, to prevent the multiplication ot damps upon fuch pieces of vellum or parchment, or (beets or pieces of paper, on which feveral duties are by feveral ads of parliament impofed, it (hall and may be lawful for thfefaid commiflioners, inftead of the diftind damps direded to be provided to denote the feveral duties on the vellum, parchment, or paper, charged therewith, to caufe, if they (hall fee ^ccafion, one new damp to be provided to denote the faid feveral duties, and the duty granted by this ad, on every piece of vellum or parchment, or iheet or piece of paper, charged with the faid feveral duties.

, V. And

Digitized by

;Google

1779’1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 66.	347

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, All vellum. That all vellum, parchment, and paper, liable to the duties See. liable to hereby charged, (hall, before the fame (hall be ingrofled, print- *he "J^ ^u-ed, or written upon, be brought to the head office for damping it

or marking vellum, parchment, or paper; and the faid commit- grofled. See. (ioners, by themfelves, or by their officers employed under them, be brought to (hall forthwith, upon demand to them made, by any perfon or *hf ttamP-perfons, from time to time, ftamp or mark, as this aft direfts,	C

any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, as (hall be brought to them for that purpofe, the perfon fo bringing the fame paying to the receiver general of the (lamp-duties for the time being, or his deputy or clerk, the feveral duties payable for the fame by virtue of this aft.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Ufual allow-That the fame allowance (hall be made on prefent payment of

the feveral duties granted by this aft, in fuch manner as by any (cnt payment, former law relating to (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, isdirefted and allowed.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Stamp* may That fuch (lamps, as the faid commimoners are hereby direfted be altered and and authorifed to provide and ufe, (hall and may be altered and rencwc<1# renewed in fuch manner as any other (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, are, by any former law relating to (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, direfted to be altered and renewed ; and

that all perfons, who (hall have in their ctiftody or pofleffion any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with the (lamp or mark which (hall be fo altered or renewed, or on which, being already (lamped with a (lamp denoting any former duty, a new (lamp is hereby direfted to be imprefled, (hall have the like remedy and allowance as by any former law relating to (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, is in like cafes direfted.

VIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. If any perfon That if any perfon (hall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be	counter-counterfeited or forged, any feal, ftamp, or mark, direfted or

allowed to be ufed by this or any other aft of parliament, for with intent the purpofe of denoting the duties by this or any other aft of to defraud h»« parliament granted, or (hall counterfeit or referable the impref-(ion of the fame, with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs duuw* and fucceflors, of any of the faid duties ; or (hall privately or fraudulently ufe any feal, ftamp, or mark, direfted or allowed to be ufed by this or any other aft of parliament relating to the (lamp-duties, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, of any of the faid duties; every perfon fo offending, fuch perfon and being thereof lawfully convifted, (hall be adjudged a felon, (hall (offer and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of ai a clergy.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That All powers, all powers, provifions, articles, claufes, diftribution of penalties dittribotioii and forfeitures, and all other matters and things, preferibed or p^eferib-appointed by any former aft or afts of parliament relating to ed by former the ftajnp-dulies on vellum, parohment, and paper, (lull be of (lamp-aft*,

_	full	to be applied

Digitized by LiOOQle

in cx'Oimob of (bu a&.

Receiver general to k*ep -a ferrate account of the duties grant

Anno dedmo nono GeoRGH IIL c.66.	[1779,

full force and effed with relation to the feveral duties hereby impofed, and (hall be applied and put in execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and fecuring, the (aid additional and new duties hereby impofed, according to the tnte intent and meaning of this ad, as fully, to all intents and purpofcs, as if the fame had feverally and refpedively been hereby ena&d with relation to the faid additional and new duties hereby impofed.

X. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral duties herein before granted (hall be paid, from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper,

and to pay the fame into the exchequer.

Auditor of

of all applica turn theieof.

ed bytbis&a, who (hall keep a feparate and diftind account of the feveral .	raTcs	<jutjcs>	an<j pay the fame (the neccflary charges of

railing, paying, and accounting for the lame, being deduced) into the receipt of the exchequer, for the ufes and purpofesin this ad mentioned, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as any former duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, aredi-reded to be paid.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore&d, to^kec^r}^1^ That there (hall be provided and kept, in the office of the aodi-para^caccount tor °f !^e kid receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which

all the monies arifing from the faid feveral rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucccflors, upon any account whatsoever; and the fait! money, (o paid into the (aid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, (hall, together with fuch other rates, duties, and revenues, as lhall be granted by any ad or ads of this fefficnof parliament for this purpofe, be a fund for the payment of the feveral annuities, and all fuch other charges and expencesas are directed to be paid and payable purfuant to an ad of this prefent felfion of parliament, intituled. An aft for raifing actr* tain fum of money by way of annuities, and for efiabUJbing a lottery.

XII.	And whereas, by the feveral laws now in forcey in order a prevent his Majejh his heirs or fuccejfors, from being defrauded of exj

have*lattV**'in* °.f the duties charged upon vellum, parebment, and paper, it is enafiti> giolfed more That all records, writs, pleadings, or other proceedings, in courts tf than thrufual law and equity, and all deeds, infiruments, and writings whatfsevery \“nnofy*n \ ch°rgod with the fiamp- duties, fhall be ingroffed or written in fuch ment°to*&e manner as they have been ufually accuflomed to be written, ani diminution of whereas, till the lajl fiamp-duties were impofed, it was the gt-the fiamp- tteral praflice to infert in one fkin of parchment twelve chancery JheetSy duties.	containing	ninety	words in each (beet, or fifteen common law JbettSy

containing feventy-tivo words in each fheet, ana the fame bos but held a fair and reafonable quantity to be ingroffed and written in and upon each fkin of parchment, and that the ufual charge for drawing and mg* ojfing the fame, might, upon any cojls to be taxed, be fairly oil equitably allowed; and whereas feveral perfons, in injury to his Mo-jcjlys revenue of (lamps, infert in one fkin of parchment the contents of a greater quantity of (beets than the quantity of chancery, or cm* i	man

Preamble ; resiling that

Digitized by booQle

1779*1 Anno decimo nono Georgh III. c. 65.

mon law /beets above fpecified, and charge their clients or employers double or treble the fum for drawing and ingrejjing fuch /kins, calling the fame double and treble/kinsy and pretending that they infert twice or three times as much in quantity as they are obliged to do; and thaty upon a taxation, they would be, allowed as much as they have charged, reckoning the fame by the number of /beetsy by which means the client or employer, inftead of judging of Juch charge by the number of skins y is liable to be impofed upony and the revenue of /lamps materially injured and dimini/hed, be it therefore further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the patting of this a&, all attornies, folicitors, or other perfons, fhall make their feveral charges, at and after the known and ufual rates, upon the:r client or employer, by the number of skins they (hall fo ingrofs or write, and nor otherwise; and that if any attorney, fohcitor, or other perfon, (hall, for the wrking or ingrofling one (kin of parchment only, charge any client or employer for double or treble (kins, or for more than one (kin, making his charge by the (heet, or in any other manner than by the (kin, under pretence of having inferted in fuch one (kin or parchment a greater number of (beets than what they are obliged to do, or than what is ufuaUy done, or under any pretence whatfoever, fuch charge fhall not be payable by the client; and further that every attorney, folicitor, or other perfon, (hall, for every fuch charge fo made or demanded, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, with treble cofts of fuit, to any perfon or perfons who (hall inform or fue for the fame, in any court of record, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eflbin, protection, or wager of law (hall be allowed.

XIII. Provided always. That nothing in this a<ft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the charge to be made for the ingrofling any deed, the whole contents of which (hall not amount to the quantity or number of (beets to be contained in two skins, reckoning the quantity in each (kin according to the number of (heets above fpecilied.

XLV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times, be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this a<ft, or of any claufe, matter, or thing, herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become norifuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plantiffs.

34?

Attornies, Sc c. to charge their clients by the number of (kins they ingrofs, accord • nig to the ufua! rates. ' Double or tre-ble charges not payaoie;

but fubjeft the perlop making the fame to tne forfeiture of io/.

The above cSaufe not to extend to the charge (or any deed, the whole of which (hall not amount to the ufual quantity contained in two skins.

Perfons fued for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, may plead the general ifluej

and recover treble cofts.

CAP.

Preamble.

Prize* made by the King’s fhips to be divided between the captors.

in the proportions by his Majefty already ordered, or to be hereafter ordered, by proclamation.

Admiralty to ifluecommiffions to privateers, on the owners giving proper le-cunty.

Anno dccimo nono GeorgII III. C. 67.	[1779.

CAP. LXVII.

An aft for the encouragement of feamen^ and the more Jfretdj oni ef-fefinal manning his Mqjejlfs Navy.

WHEREAS his Mojefly, by order in council, dated tht twenty- ninth day ofJ ufy, one thoujand /even hundred and /(• venty- eighty was plea fed to order that general reprizals be granted ogoinji the fhips, goods, ana fubjcfls of the French King; and that aswtll all his Majejlf s fleets and Jhips, as alfo all other Jhips and vejfels tbet Jhall be commijjtoned, by letters of marque or general reprisals, tr otherwife by his Majeflfs commiffmers for executing the office oflsri high admiral of Great Britain, Jhall and may lawfully Jeize all flips, vcjjels, and goods, belonging to the French King, or his fubjefls, $r others inhabiting within any the territories of the French King, aid bring the fame to judgement in any of the courts of admiralty within his Majejlfs dominions; now, for the encouragement of the officers and feamen of his Majejlfs Jhips of war, and the officers and fee-men of all other Britilh Jhips and veffels having commiffions ani letters of marque, and for inducing all Britifli feamen who may be in any foreign Jervice to return into this kingdom, and become fervueollt to his Mo j fly ; and for the more effeflual fecuring and extending the trade of his Majejlfs fubjefls; be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pr^fent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the flag officers, commanders, and other officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers, on board every (hip and veflel of war in his Majefty’s pay, (hall have the folc intereft and property of and in all and every (hip, veflel, goods, and merchandizes, which they have taken (ince the twenty-ninth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, or (hall hereafter take during the continuance of hoftilities againft France, after the fame (h$dl have been finally adjudged lawful prize to his Majefty, in any of his Majefly’s courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majefty’s plantations in America, or elfewhcre; to be divided in fuch proportions, and after fuch manner, as his Majefty hath, by his proclamation of the fixteenth day of September laft, already ordered and dire&ed, or as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, (hall think fit to order and direct, by proclamation or proclamations hereafter to be iflued for thofe purpofes.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiflionersfor executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or any perfon or perfons by him or them impowered and appointed, (hall, at the requeft of any owner or owners of any (hip or veflel, giving fpeh bail and fecurity as is herein~after mentioned and expreffed, caufe to be iflued forth in jhe ufual manner one or more cqm* miffion or commiffions to any perfon or perfons whom fuch owner or owners (hall nominate to be commander, or, in cafe of

death

Digitized by

1.779-1 Anno'decinao nono GeoRGII III. C. 67,	351

death, fucceflively commanders of fuch (hip or veflel, tor the at* taeking, furprizing, feizing, and taking, by and with fuch (hip or veflel, or with the crew thereof, any place or fortrefs upon the land, or any (hip or veflel, goods, ammunition, arms, (lores of war, or merchandize, belonging to or poflefled by any of his Majefly’s enemies, upon the land, or in any fea, creek, haven, or river; and that fuch (hip or (hips, veflel or vetTels, or prizes made any arms, ammunition, (lores of war, goods, and merchandizes by <uch com* whatsoever, with all their furniture, tackle, and apparel, fo to	ji-

be taken by or with fuch private (hip or veflel, according to vi«lcd between fuch commiflion or commiflions, after final adjudication as the owners lawful prize in any of his Majefty’s courts of admiralty as afore- and captor*, faid, and not before, (hall wholly and entirely belong to and be divided between and among the owner and owners of fuch (hip of cun" veflel, and the feveral perfons who (hall be on board the fame, and be aiding and aflifting to the taking thereof, in fuch (hares and proportions as (hall be agreed upon with the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veflel as (hall be the captor thereof, their agents or factors, as the proper goods and chattels of fuch owner or owners, ahd the perfons who thall be intitled thereto by virtue of fuch agreements among themfelves:; and that neither his Ma-jefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, or any admiral, vice-admiral, governor, or other perfon, commiflioned by or claiming under his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, or any perfon or perfons fchat-foever, other than the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veflel, being the captor of fuch prize, (hip, or veflel, arms, ammunition, (lores of war, goods, and merchandizes, and the perfons claiming under him or them, (hall be intitled to any part or (hare thereof, (except as to the cuftoms and duties payable by any a& or alls of parliament:) any cufiom, (latute, or other law, to the contrary not*ithftanding.

III.	Provided always. That nothing in this a<51 contained (hall No commif-intitle any (hip having a commiflion, and which (hall receive or- lioned (hip to ders from, and pur herfelf under the convoy of any of his Ma- have (hare ia jefty’s (hips or veflels, to (bate in any prize or prizes taken by ^leS^i* fuch convby, or by fuch (hip having a commiflion, whilft the under convoy* faid commiflioned (hip (hall remain under the care and protection of fuch convoy.

IV.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That all All prit? prize (hips or veflels which (hall be legally condemned, (hall,t0

all intents and purpofes whatsoever, be confidered as britifh* iharil be deem-^ built (hips or veflel*, and be deemed and taken as fuch, and ed Bririfh-(hall be entitled to have and enjoy all and every the fame rights, built (hip*, liberties, privileges, and advantages, in all refpedls whatfoever, with Briti/h-built (hips or veflels, and (hall be fubjeCt and liable to all and every the rules and regulations that BritiJIf built (hips or veflcls are fubjeCt and liable to; any law, cufiom, or ufage, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithfianding.

V.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That Admiralty it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lora high admiral of

Gnat Britain or the commiflioners for executing the office of aran™d ^

• 1 V o Zm XXXII*	A	a	lord	Privateer*.

Digitized by Google

Sfecrtta'ry of Hfbt: aci mi ratty

Aftno dttimo nono t*GO&<HZ III* Gw £177^

lord high admiral of Grtw/ Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, at any. time or times hereafter, to revoke and make Void, by any order or orders, in writing wider his or their hand or bands, any commiflion or courujuffiea* winch hatli, have been, or (hall be ilTued forth to any perfon or perfons who hath, have been, or (hall be nominated com*-tnandcr or commanders of any (hip or veflel, either in purfu-anee of his M&jefty’s aforefaid order in council, or this prefeat ad,

VI.	Provided neverthelcfs, That the fetretary of the admiralty *0T t*mc ^>cm8 with all convenient fpecd after any and of uich tfcvb- every fuch Commiflion (hall be fo revoked, caufe notice thereof in cjftioh to 'the writing to be forthwith fent to the owner or owners, or agent or ovrinitrs, &c.j agents, or furety or ftireties,or feme one of them, of the (tup or Veflel named-or-deferibed in filch order of retocatidn; and in cafe fuch (hip or veflel (hall be in the channel, the feid order of revocation (hall be effe&u&l to fuperfede and annul the feud coanmiffion at the expiration of twenty days from and after fed notice given as aforefaid, or fooner, if notice (hall be actually given in writing, by the fecretety of the admiralty, to the captain of commander (thereof; and m cbfe Rich (hip or vefebl dhati be in the northern feafc, at the expiration of thirty days; and i* cafe Rich (hip or vteflcl (hall be to the fouthwirdof Cape Fimfierra, or iit the Mediterranean, at the expiration of fix weeks i and ki cafe fuch (hip or veflel (hall be in Nertb Amentia, or the lVeJi Indies, at the expiration of three month! $ and in cafe foch (hip or veflel (haH be in the Eaft Indies, at the expiration of fee who may com- tnonihs: and any commander or commanders, owner or plain thereof owners, agent or agents, furety or Jurcties, of any fuch (hip or to his Majtfty veflel, whereof fuch coaxniffioh or commitiions, iffued or to he u council. iflued forth as aforefaid, (haH be fo revoked, may complain thereof to his Majefty in council, within thirty days next after the fetre-tary of the admiralty for the time being (hall caufe notice thereof to be given as aforefaid; and die determination of his Majefty in council touching every fuch complaint (hall be final.

When any or- VII, Provided always, That in cafe any Rich order of revOca-dcr of revoca- tion (hall be fuperfeded, fuch commiflion (hall be deemed and tion (hall be taken to have continued jn force ; and all prizes taken by virtue thereof (hall belong to and be the property of fuch owners fend captors, in fuch manner as the fame would have been in Cafe fuch order of revocation had not been made.

VIII.	Provided alfo, That no perfon (hall be liable to be punifhed for doing, before lie (hall have received pfcrlbnal notice of fuch order of revocation, any matter or thing which he might have lawfully done under the authority of fuch ocoHiuffion, :m cafe fuch order of revocation had not been made.

Bail, Arc. to be	And be it further enatfed by the authority Cfisrofeii,

taken before That, before the granting or ifluing of any comthimra <tn granting toy (uance 6f this act, fuch bail and fecurky watt he takbn%s Itove been ufinl upon tlie granting or ifluing of cotncmflkms toe $rb> vate (hips of war; and that, previous to, the taking of fetch htfi

fuperfeded, commiflion (hall be deem ed to have continued m force. Pioviib.

Digitized

ed by Google

*779 ] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. C. 6y.	353

and fecuriry, the perfons who propose to be bound and give fuch fecurity. (hall feverally make oath, before the judge of the high court of admiralty of England) or judge of any vice-admiralty court irr his Majeft/sr colonies or plantations, .or his furrrogate, or other perfon or perfons by fuch judge or furrOgate lawfully comm'rtiioncd, tfyit, at the time of their being fworn, they are refpectively worth more money than the. fum for which they are then to be bound, over, and above. a|l their juft debts; and moreover the marital of the fatd high court of admiralty, or any vice-admiralty court in hisMajeft’ys colonies or plantations, for the rime beings or his deputy, or the perfon or per,fans fb Commiffioned as aforefaid, is or are hereby required and directed to make diligent enquiry into, and fatisfy himfelf or them-felves of the fumciency of fuch bail aod fecurity,' and make a report thereof, to* ftoe faid judge, or his furrogate, before'any fuch commHIion (hall be granted or iffued.

X.	^nd be it farther enadted by the authority aforefaid, AIJ pjerfons #

Thar all and every perfon and perfons, who fhall apply to the applyu>* fail;

faid lord high admiral, or commiffioners for executing rhe office *«y wmiwffi/

« 1 • l j ' •	» /•	1	•'.*	j	on, to let fortn

of lord high admiral for the nme being, or any pcrlon or per- \n writing an

Ions by him or them impowered and appointed, in order to exaa defcrip-obtain any copiipiffion to be granted or jfliied forth in purfoande tionof thevef-of this (hall make every fuch application in writing y ahd therein let forth a particular, true, And exadt deferiptidn of the gUnit&c!

(hip or veflei for whichfuch commiffion i$* requefted, petrifying the burthen* of fuch (hip or veflei,’ and* the number ahd nature of the guns on board* rhe fame, t'o vtfhat place belonging, and the name or names of the principal ovtner or Owners of Rich (nip or veflei, and the number of men intended to be put on board the fame; (all which particulars (hall be inferted in every commiflion to be granted or iffired in puifuance of this a& p) ahd Commanders that dvery commander of a private (hip of v.elfel of war,' for of commflioii-which a-commiffiop fhall be granted or iflued in purfuaride of pp^^e their this ad, (h^li produce fuch commiffion to the colle&or, cut- commiflion*to tomer,-or fearqher for the time being, of hid Majefty's cuftomS, tbecolltaor, reridin® atW belonging*.to rhe port from whence fuch (hipor&c of the veflei (hall be firft fitted put, or to the lawful deputy or. deptr- cuftoflMJ ties of fucji colledor, cuftomer or (eafeher; and the'faid col;- wh0ar?to jedior, cuftomer, fearchcr, or his or their lawful deputy or de- examWftdf puties, (hall, ars foon thereafter as conveniently may be*, with- (hips; out fee or reward; infpecl and examine fuch (hip or veflei lb as to afeertain the burthen thereof, and the number of m*n, ahd number anj nature of the guns on board the fame; and if fuch and if found (Kip or veflei (half thereupon be found to be of fuch burthen, agreeable to and* beipanned'and armed* according to the tenor of the defetip-tion inferted in fuch commiffion as aforefaid, or be of a greats* a burthen or force than (hall btf mentioned in fuch commiffion, tieretnV then fuch colledlor, cuftomcr, or fcarcher, or his or their lawful deputy*or deputies, (hall, and he and they is and are hereby r jc^uirejl immediately* .upon the requeft. of the commander of 4uch (nip orveflel, to give a certificate thereof, in writing underr

A a 2	his

Penilty on commander leaving port

Anno dccimo nono GeorGII ITI. c.67.	[1779.

his or their hand or hands, gratis, to fuch commander* which certificate (hall be deemed a neceflary clearance before fuch private (hip or veil'd (hall be permitted to fail from that port: and if the commander of any (hip or veflel, for which any ,commiflion (hall have been granted or ifiued in purfuance of this adr (hall depart with fuch (hip or veflel from fuch port of without a cer- clearance before he hath received fuch certificate, or (hall de-tificate, &c. part from any fuch p0rt, or proceed upon a cruize, with a force inferior to the force fpecified in fuch commiflion, orrequired by. this ad, in every fuch cafe the commiflion for fuch (hip or .veflel (hall from thenceforth be abfolutely null and void, and the.commander fo offending, being convided thereof before any court of admiralty, (hall be imprifoned^ without bail or main-prize, for fuch fpace of time as the faid court (hall dired, not exceeding one year for any one offence. on XI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Tliat tomer,°&c!Ufor ^ an/ co^e(^or> cuftomer, or fearcher, of his Majeffy’s cuftoms, granting a or his or their lawful deputy or deputies, (hall grant a certificate talfe certifi- for any (hip or veffel which (hall not be of the burthen and force cate.	fpecified in the commiflion granted to the commander or com-

, .	manders	thereof,	or	of	a	greater	burthen	or	force	than (hall be

mentioned in fuch commiflion, he (hall* for fuch offence, forfeit his faid office, and be for ever after incapable of holding any '	office in the cuftoms; and (hall alfo forfeit the fum of one

hundred pounds, to be recovered, by any perfon or perfons who will fue for the fame, bv adion of debt, bill, plaint, or infbr-• mation, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjkcr, in which no efloin, protedion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and one moiety of the faid penalty of one hundred pounds,, when recovered, (hall be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the treafurcr for $	the time being to the corporation for the relief and fupport of

*»	fick, maimed, and difabled Teamen, and of the widows and

children of fuch as (hall be killed, (lain, or drowned, in the merchants fervice, for the ufe of fuch corporation; or where fuch forfeitures (hall be incurred in any of the out-ports in which a corporation is eftablifhed, or (hall hereafter be eftabli(hed, for the purposes aforefaid, then a moiety of fuch penalty (hall be paid to the truftees for the ufe of the corporation fo eftablifhed. Provifo for af- XII. Provided always, That the number of tons fo to be certaining the certified, be afeertained according to the rules laid down by an tonnage. a&pafled m the eighth year of the reign of her late majeftyQueen Anney intituled. An aft for making a convenient dock, or bajon at : •* '	Liverpool,	for	the	fecurity	of all /hips trading to or from the faid

port Liverpool.

. If the com- XIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, ^Vn^ifl^ned ^iat m ca^c at anY ^me or t,mcs any commander or com-(hip (hall ag-ree manders of any private (hip or (hips, or veflel or veflels of war, with any per- commiflioned as aforefaid, (hall agree with the commander or fon belonging commanders, or other perfon or perfons, of or belonging to to any priae any ncutra] or other (hip or (hips, vcffd or veflels, for the ran*

fom

taken, for the

Digitized by LjOOQl

1779O Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 67.	355

fom of any fuch neutral or other (hip or (hips, vcflel ot veffels,^anfoni tbere-or the refpedtive cargo or cargoes thereof, or any part thereof, 0^ &c* after the fame (hall have been taken as prize, and (hall, in purfuance of fuch agreement or agreements, actually quit, fet at liberty, or difcharge, any fuch prize or prizes, inftead of bringing the fame into fome port or ports belonging to his Ma-] jefty’s dominions; that then all and every of the commander ^	^

and commanders of fuch private (hip or (hips, or veffel or veffels deemed ad. of war, who (hall agree for any fuch ranfom, and (hall quit, rate, and fuf-fet at libertv, or discharge, any fuch prize or prizes in manner {£r|yCCor<k aforefaid, mall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, guilty	1

of piracy, felony, and robberf; and* he, they, and every of them, being duly cokivi&ed thereof before any court of admiralty, (hall have and fuffer fuch pains of death, lofs of lands, goods, and chattels, as pirates, felons, and robbers upon the leas, ought to have and fuffer according to the laws now in' being.

XIV.	And wbireas, in all private Jbips of war or merchant Jbips Offences on that /ball take out letters of marque, it is expedientfor the better dif h°ard Pri**-cipline and government of fuch Jbips, that all perfons who enter ab^in^the " themfeeves on board the faid Jbips Jbould be under proper regulati- fame manner onsy and pay obedience to the lawful commands of the captains and ox on board chief commanders of the faid Jbips 5 be it therefore enabled by the of War* authority aforefaid, That all offences committed by any officer

or feaman on board any privateer or merchant (hip, having taken letter of marque, during the prefent hoftilities with Ftancty (lull be puniihed in fuch manner as the Idte offences are punifh-able on board hi* Majefty’s (hips of war.

XV.	Provided always. That all offenders who (hall be ac- Offenders ac-cufed of fuch crimes as are cognizable only by a court martial, cufcd of crimes (hall be confined on board fuch privateer or merchant (hip car- onf^b^a6 rymg letter of marque, on which fuch offence (hall be commit- court-martia!, ed, until they (hall arrive in fome port in Great Britain or lrelandy to be confined or can meet with fuch a number of his Majefty’s (hips of war board, &c. abroad as are fufficient to make a court-martial; and upon application made, by the commander of fuch privateer or merchant (hip carrying letter of marqu*, to the lord high admiral

of Great Britain, or commiflioners for executing the office of lord high,admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, or the' commander in chief of his Majefty’s faid (hips qf war abroad, the faid lord high admiral, or commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or fuch commander in chief abroad, are hereby authorifed and required to call a court-martial for uyingand punifhing the faid offences.

XVI.	And whereas good and neceffary laws have been madeyand Privateers

ardjiill in Jorce, within feyeral of bis MajeJly's colonies or plantations fabjeft to the in America, for preventing the carrying off from the faid colonies or	*eft	ai-

plantations any fervant or Jlave without the confcrit of the owner; or blilhed *in Bri-the carrying off from thence any other perfon or perfons whomfoevery tifh colon >es in untilfuch perfon/ball have taken out his ticket from the J'ecretarfs office going into the

A a 3	jvitbin	Pom there#

35®	Annd dcdmo nono Georgii III. c. 67. [1779.

within fuch refpeffive colony or plantation, infucb manner, and un~ dft fifth fienaffio atfd forfeiturej, as in and if the /aid feveral laws if fohred ati# provide#; b£ it therefore further enaded by the v	awhpri^y aforefaid, That ol\ commanders of private flrips of

ty?gr pr jpex.charu (bips, having tetters of piarque, (hall. Upon tbpir gpmg into aqy of jbofp ports qr harbours, be fobjeft, and thpjr are hereby determined to be fubjefi, to the fcvefal directions, prpvifions, penalties, and forfeitures, in and by fuch 1?W$ made and prqvipcd ; any thing ip this *& contained to the cpnfrarv thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Judge to finifli XVli* And,for the more fpeedy proceeding to condemnation, the prepara- of pjhpr determination, of aqy prize, fhip, or veil'd, goods or tio?,C^th re- Wtcfo prizes, already taken, thereafter to be taken, its afore-fpeft to the * kid, and for leaning the ex^enccs that have hecn yfua! in the capture* with- like P?fe$, be it further ena&ed by the authority afore&td. That id 5 day*. the judge or judges of ^n.y court of admiralty, or other perfon qr perrons thereto a^thorifed, (hall, within the fpacs 6f five days after requeft to him or them for that purpofe made, (piifh tfi£ ufo?l preparatory examination of the' perfons commonly examined in fucb cafes, in order to prove the capture to be lawful prize, or to enquire whether the fame be lawful prize or Motion to nqt; aqd that t|ie proper raomtjoq ufual in fuch cafes (hall be w W}*^ W* ifosd, py the perfon or perfons proper to ifiue the feme, and jXJiy* wfte? foaN ^ executed in the ufual ipannef, by the perfon or perfons requefted. proper tp execute the fame, within the fpace of three days after If no claim requeft in that behalf made; and in cafe no claim of fudi cap-thereupon be tur$, fhip, veffel, or goods, (hall be duly entered or made m made within a the ufual form, and attefted upon oath, giving twenty days limited time, notjcc aftcr t|lc execution of foch monition ; or if there be fuch °f	claim, and the claimant or claimants fhal| not, within five days,

cUfoan][ ' * giv® foment fecurity (to be approved of by foch court of ad-* 1 miralty) to pay double cofts to the captor or captors-of fuch fbip, vefteJ, or goods, in cafe the fame fo claimed (hall be adjudged lawful prize; that then the judge or judges of fuch court of admiralty (hall, upon producing to him or them the faid examinations, or copies thereof, and upon producing to him pr them, upon oath, all papers and writings which (hall have been found, taken in or with fuch capture; or upon oath ... n)a<fe (hat no papers or writings were found ; immediately, and proccecfforth- ^bho.ut further delay, proceed to fentence, either to difeharge with to fen- and acquit fuch capture, or to adjudge and condemn the feme fence.	as lawful prize, according as the cafe (hail appear to him or

them, upon perufal of fuch preparatory examinations, and alfo of the other papers and writings found, taken in or with fuch If claim be en- capture, if aoy papers or writings (hall be found ; and in cafe tered and fe- fuch claim (hall be duly entered or made, and fecurify given enrity riven, thereupon, according to the tenor and true meaning of thisad, KheW’iS aQA there (hall appear no occafion to examine any witnefies m’nation, Sic- other than thofe who (ball be then neac to fuch court of admi-to he had a^d ralty, that then foch judge or judges fltajl forthwith caufe foch made within witness to be examined within tlic foacc of ten days after fuch *<?«•’	' '	*	‘	claim

Digitized by

Google

1779k*] Anno, decrnio qquo. OeoJUJJi 111. c. 67. claim made, and foeqrVy given, and proceed to fuch fentence aa aforefajd toqohing fuch capture; but in cafe upon malting or entering fuch claim, and the allegation and the oath thereupon, Qr the producing fuch papers or writings as fljaj] have been found or taken in or with fuch capture, or upon the frid preparatory examinations, it (hall appear doubtful, to the judge or judges of fuch court of admiralty, whether fuch capture be lawful prize or not, and it (ball appear neceflary, according to the circum-ftances of the cafe, for the clearing and determining fucb doubt, to have an examination, upon pleadings given in by the parties, apd admitted bv the judge, of witneSes that are remote from fuch court of admiralty, and; fuch examination fhall be defired, and that it be (HU infixed, on behalf of the captors, that the (aid capture is lawful prize, and the contrary be ftijl perilled in on the claimants behalf, that then the (aid judge or judges (hall forthwith caufe fuch capture to be appraifed by perfons to be named by the parties, and appointed by the court, and fworo truly to appraife. the Caine according to the bed of their (kill and knowledge, 1 for which purpofe, the laid judge or judges (hall caufe the goods, found on board to, be unladen* and (an inventory thereof being, fjf(t taken, if the judge or judges (hall think neceflary, by the marshal of the admiralty* or his. deputy) (hall caufe them to be pnt intp proper wareboufes, with feparate locks of the colletfflf and comptroller,. of the cufioms, and where there is no (jompttolJer, of the naval officer, and the agents or petfood employed by the captors and claimants,, at the charge of the party or panics defiring the feme) and (hall, after fuch appraifement made, and within the fpace of fourteen days after the making of fuch claim, proceed tp take good end fufficicnl fecurity from the,claimants to pay the qaptqrs the full value thereof, according to fucb appraifement, in cafe the fame (had be adjudged lawful prize; and (hall alfo proceed tp. take good and fufficient fecqrity from the captors to pay fucb cofts as the cqurt (hall think proper, ip cafe fucb (hip (nail not he. condemned as lawful prize i,and after fuch fecurities duly given, the faid judge or judges (hall make an interlocutory order for releafing qr delivering the fame to fuch claimant or claimants, or bis qr tbeir agpntS. and the fame (hall be actually rcleafed or delivered

&nd it is hereby fur* her enaded by the authority, afore-feid, That if any claimant or claimants dull refufe to g*ve fuch fecurity, the judge or judges (hall caufe the captor or captors in ljke mapper to give good and fuffiefent fecurity tq pay the feid claimant qr claimants the full value thereof* according to the apprsifsrnent, in cafe airy fuch capture or captures (hall be adjudged nqt to be lawful prize ; and the fe'd judge qr judges (hall thereupon proceed to make aq interlocutory order for the Sfleafeng and delivering the fame to the faid captor or captors, qr their agents.

XIX* Provided always* That nothing in this a£t contained (hall be copftrued to reltrain his Majcfty, his heirs and fucceff-

A a 4	ors.



iCtbcfegaUtn

of the capture (hall spwtar doubtful, and the parties per-

fift in litigating their rigpt^

the judge (haft order the capture to be apprised,

and the goo^.t to be unloaded and lodged in ware hoofes, and an inventory taken thereof j

and upon fe-curity for full value taken of the claimants.

stnd for cofts, of the capjpcf,

(hall make order for re-lea fe of the capture to claimant.

Claimant refuting, and captor giving

judge to make order for delivery of prize to captor.

His Majefty gWf tyck further rules

Digitized by (^.ooQle

Anno decimo nono Georgii UI. c. 67.	[ 1779.

and directions ors, from giving fuch further roles and directions to his re-tothec»um fpe&ive Courts of admiralty for the adjudication and condem-as henJh.Vy nation of prizes, as by his Majefty, his heirs ahd fucceflors, judge proper, with the advice of his or their privy council, (hall be thought neceflary or proper.

Captures	XX.	And	be	it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

made in Ame- Tt»at all fuch captures as aforefa d, which (lull be brought into der the‘oin?"	*1IS	^aje^y>s dominion^ in America, in order to be pro-

carVof theat cce^ed againft to condemnation in any of his Majefty’s viceofficers of the admiralty courts, (hall, without breaking bulk, ftay there, and cmioms and be under the joint care and cuftody of the collector and comp-captors, till troller of the cdftoms, or, where there is no comptroller, of acquitted*5 °F the naval officers of the port or place where the fatne (hail be there. 1 brought, and of the captors thereof, or their agents; fubjedl to . the directions of the court of vice-admiralty, until the fame (hall, by final fentence, have been either cleared and difeharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful prize, or that fuch interlocutory order as aforefaid (Hall have been made for the reupon con- leafing or delivering of the fame; and, upon the condemnation ^rizetobe* or a4iuc^cation thereof‘as lawful prize, (hall, in cafe the fatne Schvcred to were ta^ert by any private (hip or (hips commiflioned as afore-the captors. . faid, be immediately delivered unto the captors thereof, or their agents, to be by them difpofed of as their goods and chattels; and in cafe the fame were taken by any of his Majefty’s (hips of war, unto fuch perfon or perfons, and to be difpofed of and divided as his Majefty by his proclamation hath already ordered and directed, or his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, (hall, by proclamation or proclamations hereafter to be iffued for thofe purpofes, order and dired.

Book! and XXI. And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, writings found That all books, papers, and writings, found in any (hip or on board any Ve(Tel taken as prize, (hall without delay be brought into the Eedifpofed of. regiftry of the court of admiralty wherein fuch (hip or veflcl * may be proceeded againft in order to condemnation; but that fuch only of the faid books, papers, and writings, (hall be made ufe of and tranflated as (hall be agreed or infilled upon by the prd&ors of the ftveral parties, captors or claimants, or, in cafe of no claim, by the captor or regifter, to be necefiary for afeertaining the property of fuch (hip or vefte), and cargo thereof.

Judge, or	XXII.	And	be	it	further	en	a	died by the authority aforefaid,

other officer, That if any judge or judges, or other officer or officers, in any in Amenca, of his Majefty’s plantations or dominions abroad, to whom re-&c	fpedlively it (nail appertain, (hall delay the doing, performing,

Tay^n ex°cutC* ma^ing, or pronouncing, any of the feveral proceedings, mating bis duty,	or	things, for, towards or relating to, condemning or

difeharging, releafing or delivering, of any fuch capture in manner aforefaid, within the refpedlive times herein-before limited, or as foon as the fame, or any of them, ought to be .	done, according to the tenor and troe meaning of this adl; all

forfeits 500 /. ,n(j eyery fucij judge and judges^ and other officer and officers,

(hall.

Digitized by LjOOQle

J! ‘ » ' > . »

1779.] Anno decimanono Geougii III. 0,67.	-	359

(hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred f. pounds; orte moiety thereof to hw Majefty, his heifs and fuc-	.	1

ceflors, and the other moiety thereof, with full cofts of fuit, to with full eoft*.; fuch perfon or perfons who (hall inform or fue for the fame in	5

any of the courts in or for any of his Majefty’s Colon.ifes.of .. plantations, or in any of his Majfefty’s court* of record withia . ! his kingdom of Great Britain.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Fee« of court That there (hall not be paid, unto or among all the judges and oncondem-officers of fuch court of admiralty in any of his Majefty’s plan-

tations or dominions abroad, for, towards, or relating to, thfe America, adjudging or condemning of fuch capture as aforefaid as lawful	>

prize, above the fum of ten pounds, in cafe fuch prize, (hip, for tcflels or vefTel, be under the burthen of one hundred tons; nor above the fum of fifteen pounds, in cafe the fame be of that or atiy* ’	*

greater burthen; and that upon payment of either of the faid; vf/# * refpeCtive fums, as the cafe (hall require, to the faid judge or upon payment judges, or any of them, to be by him or them difpofed or di- oft he tee*, vided, as he or they (hall think fit, among rhe officers of fuch judges &c. * court, fuch judges and officers, and every of them, (hall be li- t0 th* able to all and every the feveral penalties herebv impofed for twsfOTMgkd neglecting or delaying to do and perform their feveral and re- or delay $ fpe&ive duties or offices, in and relating to the feveral proceed-duty, ings aforefaid, within the refpedtive times herein for that purpofe limited.

XXIV.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is herebv further enabled Judgement of by the authority aforefaid. That if any captor or captors, claim-

ant or claimants, (hall not reft fatjsfied with the fenrence given in fuch court of admiralty in any of his Majefty’s plantations or dominions abroad, it (hall and may be lawful for the party or parties thereby aggrieved, to appeal from the faid court of admi-r ralty to the commiffioners appointed, or to be appointed, under the great feal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining, appeals in caufes of prizes 5 fuch appeal to be inter-pofed and received in the like manner as appeals have been ufually interpofed and received from the high court of admiralty within this kingdom ; fo as the fame be made within fourteen Appeal to be. days after fenrence, and good fecuritv be likewife given by the ra**jc appellant or appellants, that he or they will effectually profecute f/ntence^and fuch appeal, and anfwer the condemnation, and alfo pay treble feenrity to be cofts, as (hall be awarded, in cafe the fentence of fuch court of jpv«n to proadmiralty be affirmed ; any thing in this a£t before contained to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.	amc* c'

XXV.	Provided always, That ^he execution of any fentence E*«cution of fo appealed from as aforefaid, (hall not be fufpended by reafon

of fuch appeal, in cafe the party or parties appellate (hall give ed thereupon^ fufficient fecurity, to be approved of by the court in which luch if the appellate fentence (hall be given, to reftore the (hip, veflel, goods, of F*cfjjuritlr effects, concerning which fuch fentence (hall be pronounced, or *or4 the full value thereof, to the appellant or appellants, in cafe v ue* the fentence fo appealed from (hall be reverfed.

XXVI. And

Digitized by Google

360.	Anno dftcknq »tqaq Q*9*GU IU- C. $/.	[1779,

Perfon, who	XX.VI, Ami be it eqa^od, That in cats any parish wh*

ttin" te*(uft W,S aQt a ?*«)» '*fo firft inftance of the caufc* (hall fo inAuca, in-	**	appc*1	from % feweoce given in any admiralty coqn,

terpofingM fob fw(on, gx fo pr her agent, (hall at the (ante titnc ««* appeal, is to bis QT hoc dw*> otfcervmf* fu^b apptal (hs$ t>A null *|\d void-

>tnthLbr*^m ^ II* And he it further ena^ed by the authority atfoe&id, time.	That *n cafc any aPPeal foil he inter pofqd from a fcntenw w

Iti «*fe of »»- ^ ^balty court concerning any (hip, voi^ or goods and peaktho foge affect* which have been, or now arq, « lha|l heacatter be feixed may, m there, or taken as ptiee, that then apd in, fob cafe the judge of fob, qoeft, ire. cf court of admiralty (hall and may, at the requeft, oofo, and citinunTord^r ^rgfs, either of the captor or claimant, or of the claimant the csptnfc t* only* in. cafes where the privilege is refervfd in favour of the beagpruMt claimant, by any treaty or treaties fobfifting between hie M»-jefty and foreign powers, make an order to hare foeb capture appraifed, ufot* the parties (hall otherwise agree upon the value thereof, and an inventory taken, and then take feenritv for the aadititvsr w full value thereof accordingly; and thereupon caufc wch cap~ whe'niTslIe foC tq be delivered to the party giving fob fourity, in like

recwkyfofthe m»ot»er as is herein-before erased, wtwithftattding fob ap*> fuH vote* peal; and if there (hall be any difficulty or fofficient phje<8top t« the giving Ot taking of fccurity, the faJd judge (hall, at tb* re, in cafe of eb, .qucit of either of the parties, order fob gonna and effect ho be jettion to lak- Cmcred, landed, and fold by pnbHck au^iion, under the cnee and

the -IT'Xn enftody of the proper officers of the cuffoms, and under the di* heitiw p»«y region and in/peflion qf fob perfon* as foil he appointed by aaqweft it. or. the claimant; and captors > and the monies atifog by foh fale de* the *&&» (hall be depofod in the bank of $Hgkn&> or in fome pvibhck aoffio ' Ac focuri.ties, and in the names of fob truftes* as the captors and “ !on’ ,. claimants (hall jointly appoint, and the court (hall approve, fo faieto<be°deb* fo nfe and heneht of the parties who (hall be adjudged to-be pofited in the intituled thereto; and if fuqh fecurity (hall he WWW by the bank, &c. claimants, then it is hereby alfo ena£M, tliat fuah judge (hall give |q fucb captured (hip or veflel a pat-, to prevent »M being taken again by his Majefty’s (ubje&s in it* defttned voyage. Penalty on XX VIH. And be it further enabled by fo authority afoefrirf, «vwv judge, That no judge, regifter, or deputy regifter, inar(h»l, qf deputy regiftet, or mar(hal» or any other officer wjiatfoevcr, of or bifotejmj to other officer ?„y wgrt tf admiralty, or vice-admiralty, in Grtai iforfoie or an+ewt of ireM*. qr ip any of his Majefty’s colonies and pfotatiopa in admiralty, 4”t<r(«, or 'U any other of his Majefty’s dominion*, not nay who.(hall be perfon.or perfons prachftng either as advocate, ptfofo, or otber-intereM in wife, in any fob court or courts, (hall be concerned or itW**-any privateer.	diredHy Qf foiredUy, as owner, part-qqncs, (Hape^ or

adventure*, in any private Il'ip or mips, or veHel or veffela qf war wliatfovcr, having »ny comnudioa or cenwlPwwi e? aforefoid * and in cafo any fob judge, regdler, deputy fegifts*, tjjar(hal, deputy marfhal, or other.officer, advocate, or proctor vyhatCoever, (ball* notwithftaadiug this be difoUy or iodl-re<5liy concerned qr ioterefted as atorefaid, fob judge, remitter, deputy regifter, qr tparAtal, depV^ WPW»1* Ot ofor officer rer a	fpedively

- Digitized by

Google

1779.3 Anpq docifnp WPP QWRPU UJ. P- $7.

fpe&ively, (ball, for fuch pffjppe, (bPPg theregfbiurfplly oppT vided, either upon intorfljatjpa pr indi&iqent ip gpy of hit Maiefty’s courts of record, pr at any get>era| or qqaftqr fc(JitMS pf five peace), ^bfolutejy forfeit his pfficq qpd eipplaytpppt jq and belonging to any fqcjj cpqrt .of jtdmif?Uy,pr vjpq,a3flMTi>toy» of What Ring or nature foever fqcb pffice gr etqplpypggpf j)» happen to be, and (hall glfg forfeit ?pd pay, 19 tbq yfe of bit jViajefty, his heirs qpd fuccpflors, (hq fum pf gpe hundred pounds ; and every (uch advocate or prodor refppftjv^iy for fuch laft-mentioned offence, (being thereof lawffpjly frqgyi$* ed in manner aforefaid), bq ffopi thenceforth abfplptqly d&WS-* -lifted, and rendered tor ever incapahle pf pradifing, either a ft an jdvqcqte or prodor, in any of h|s Majefty’s cOprts pf adgpraltj qr vice-admiralty Wherefoqver.

XXIX.	And be it further cnadfed by the authority ?foyeftjd,If*V"t»j*er*

Thai no regifter or deputy regifter, or apv mjrfhyl, pr *H»S£g£S; marmal, of or belonging to apy of ht$ M?jefty s cqqrj* of any court of miraJty, or vice-admiralty, whajfqeyer, fligl) citbqr dint<$lyor admiralty, ; indirectly,, by himfe|f or tlK^felyem qr by apy pgqqt qr ?g9nfr,	ft	.

or othef perfon or perfoqs whatever, tfk pr hie 9PP<ftrfted iq	*

any tpanner^ either as an adyopate or prodor, in paqfa, ’

matter or bufiaefs whatfoeyer, (hat fhq|l bp d$pcndiqg ip gny fuch cqurt or courts of *dmitfftty, qr YiafridfPWlfJt t9 wbi§rk fuch regifter, deputy regifter, m*rfh*l, qr dqpwy	1% ftttJi

then belong; and that every regifter. deputy regifttp, n&?r(h?l» hf or deputy m^rfh^l, who (hall be guilty of fuch qffenqp, (bqiug hu 9®c* thereof lawfully convicted, ei(he( qpoq an infqrmafiqn or indteU ment, in manner aforefaid), (hall from thenceforth forfeit his refpc&ive office and emploYpneqt qf regijtqjf, deputy regifter, marftul, or deputy marftia^ in and belonging- to the fame court.

XXX.	And be, it further en,a,Cted by *h?au(hqr»ly a(wfaid^Captor«break-That if any commander or commanders, officer or qAcgrt* jn8 bul^or (eamen, marines, foldiers, or others, (hall hr$qk bulk W bwd>the effribfto or embezzle any of the money, jewels, plate, good$, ipwhaon forfeit treble diqe, tackle, furniture, or apparel, of or belonging \o any prise value j

or prizes, fuch commander, officer, fyamam (n^rin^ fpldiar, or others, (hall forfeit treble the value of all fuch mpn*y% jw-. els, plate, goods, merchandize, (ackle, furniture, or apparel, as he or they (hall embezzle ; one third part thereof to be to one third tq the ufe of Greenwich Hofpital, and the other (wq third partaGr^n",ch thereof to him or them that will ifue for thp lame, by action of Jheother^wo debt, plaint, or information, in finy court of recordliq Great to the profe-ftritain; in which qo eflpin, protection, or wager pf law, orcutor. more than one imparlance, (hall b$ allowed.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted by tl^e aqthqrify afewefipd, Appraife-That all appraifem^nts and (ales, of any (hip or (£ups, gpeda* mentt and Wares, or igerchan^iw, » (h^ll bp by, m of his M»r

jeftj’s (hip,% pf VR85, (bafl be in»4e by agentf pf pqrfp»s noaaU King, (hip.,

nated and appointed, ip. eqpal numbers, by the pyg officers os to be made bf

dag officer, captains or capjain^ officers or pffit^f, (bipa* coma the agent for

pgQjcgtbc officers

Digitized by

2^2

and crew* concerned in the capture.

The abcpre ciaufe not to exfend to privateers.

Agents to ex* bibit and re* gifter, within* limit d time, their letter* of attorney in the court where the prize (hall be condemned, on penalty of 500/.

Anno dedmo nono Georgti III. c. 67.	£	1779*

pames or lhi p’s company, and others, intitled thereunto;

ithat is to fay), that if the flag officers or flag officer of any eet dr fquadron bf (hipp, as (hall take any fuch prize, or prizes, (or the majority of fuch flag officers, if more than one),( (hall nominate and appoint one or more perfon or perfons agent or agents to fell or appraife the fame, as aforefaid, then .the captains and commanders, or captain and commander, intitled thereunto, or the majority of them, (if more than one), (hall nominate and appoint the like number of perfons or agents to aft for them ; and all the other officers, under the degree of a captain and commander, intitled thereto, or the major part of them, (hall alfo nominate and appoint the like number of perfons or agents to aft for them'; and a!) the crews of the feveraf (hips companies of the fleet or. fquadron, or (hip’s company, and others', intitled thereto, or the major part of them, (hall like-wife nominate and appoint the fame number of perfons or agents to aft on their behalf in fuch appraifement or fale.

XXXII. Provided, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to alter or make void any agreement or .agreements made, or to be made, in writing, between the owners, officers,' and feameri, of any private (hips or vefiels of war.

'XXXIII. And belt further enafted by. the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon or perfons who (hall be (o nominated and appointed agent or agents as aforefaid, for any pnze oT prizes, taken by any (hip or (hips, veflel or vefiels of war, or by any merchant (hip or (hips employed in his Majefty’s fcrvice, or having letters of marque, or for receiving the bounty herein-aftcr granted, and which prize or prizes (hall be condemned in the high court of admiralty in Great Britainy or in any of the courts ot admiralty in any of his Majefty’s plantations in America^ or in any other his Majefty’s dominions where the faid prize and prizes, and every of them, (hall be condemned, (hall exhibit, and caufe to be regiftered, in the faid high court .of admiralty in Great Britain, or in the refpeftive courts of admiralty in America, or in any other his Majefty’s dominions whefe the faid prize and prizes, and every of them, (hall be condemned, his or their refpeftive letter or letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents for the purpofes afore-(aid ; and if any perfon or perfons, fo appointed agent or agents as aforefaid, (hall refufe or negleft fo to do for the fpace of fix calendar months next after lentence of condemnation of any prize (hall be given in the faid high court of admiralty in Great Britain•, or in America, or other his Majefty’s dominions for the care and diftribution of which he or they (hall be appointed agent or agents, fuch perfon or perfons, fo refufing or neglecting, (hall forfeit the futn of live hundred pounds, to be recovered, by him or them who (hall fue for the fame, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain, America, or in any other of his Majefty’s dominions; in which noeffoin, protection, or wager oflaw, or more than one imparlance, (hall bc‘allowed,

XXXIV.	And

Digitized by

Google

1779-3 Anno dccimo nono Georoii III. C. 67.	363

XXXIV. And be it further enaCIcd by the authority afore* RegWewin • faid, That the regifter or regifters of* his Majefty’s high court of admiralty, and of all other courts of admiralty in Great enter1?!! let-Britain, and other his Majefty’s dominions, (hall, from time to tersofattor-time, duly enter or regifter, or caufe to be, entered or regiftered, ney delivered in one or more book or books, to be by him or them kept for 10 lhen[,» that purpofe only, all letters of attorney that (hall be exhibited p^/ukeiT or delivered to them after the twenty-fourth day of Junty one by hi* Majef-thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, by any agent or ty’s fhips, &c. agents for any prize or prizes taken of to be taken, by any of n^ay! his Majefly’s (hips or veffcls of war, or by any agent or agents tr e ryi for the receipt and diftribution of any bounty bill or bills, witb-jn fourteen days after the fame (hall be fo exhibited or delivered to fuch regifter or regifters, at his or their refpeCtive offices; which regiftry (hall contain the days of delivery and entry, the dates of the letters of attorney, the names and places of abode of the agents, the names of the prizes taken, or of the.(hips of war or privateers of the enemy taken, burnt, funk, or otherwife deftroyed, together with the names of the (hips or yeftels by which fuch prizes (hall have been taken, or by which fuch (hips of war or privateers of the enemy (hall have been take.n, burnt, funk, or otherwife'deftroyed* together with the date of the condemnation, and of appeal^ if any interpofed ; and the feeifler totranf-or regifters (hall, on the twenty-fixth day of December % ana the twenty-fifth day of June> or within forty days thereafter, in yearly/to the every year, tranfmit or deliver unto the treafurer of the faid jtreafurer of hofphali pr to the lawful deputy of fuch treafurer for the time being, a true copy or tranfeript, under his or their hand or “^P11*** hands, of all fuch entries as aforefaid within the preceding half year; and if fuch regifter or regifters (hall ncgleCt or refufe to make or keep fuch entries, or to tranfmit or deliver fuch copies thereof, as aforefaid, within the refpeCtive times herein-before limited for that purpofe, he or they (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by on forfeiture aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his °f Majefty’s courts of record, in which no effoin, protection, privilege, wrfger of liw, of more than pne imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XXXV.	Provided always. That if any agent or agents (hall Agent hp. be appointed after the time any fenten<;e of condemnation in pointed after any of the faid courts*of admiralty (hall be given, fuch agent or condemnation agents (hall, under the aforefaid penalty, regifter, or caufe to ^fter toilet** be regiftered, in manner aforefaid, his or their refpeCtive letters fm of ittor-or letter of attorney, appointing him or them agent or. agents as ney in like aforefaid, within the fpace of fix calendar months after the date manner, &c. of the faid letter or letters of attorney.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaCled by the authority afprefaid, Regifters, on

That the regifter or regifters of all and every the court pnd ^of^otranfi count of admiralty in any of his Majefty's plantations ifijme*	yearly to*

ricay or elfewherC in any other of bis M^jefty’s dominions, (halj the treafurer yearly" and every year, upon the twenty-third day of Q£Jeber% or of Greenwich ^	........ c“	Within	H°rPlul#

Digitized by

Google

£%	Aoflo detittrd Gif0*Gfi rfl. c. £7. f 177$.

pit* of til It* wkMn ttlfrff* <Hrieft6ar ihtiritfts riext after th£ fame, triale out and t<r* •Jj***^ tnntforibe trtot tophi 6f ell arid every frichr letfct arid letters of InftKircMm. **K*n*y at (Kali be fd regHWred Iri the faid corurt rir courts, to TtMte tb sflt ^hichtbejtfd^e arid jridger <A the faid tb\tri anrd tburfs (half afex VftHttt *f dP* hteattd ftibir fell 6( office^ and theff rti6 f*id tegifter arid re-tetHHtto. pfort (Kan	the	fame	to	tfttf tteiifuttf of the faid’ royal

hrffjHtat at dteigf\Mth9 td he theft regfift6ft<f, end fo be irifyefled by ally jfcrfdit^jfri; fhdchifgei d? #Mcft top'll, arid af^xing the (Ml of fcali theffttd, arid trartfrrtitHhg rhe fitfifc to tfre trea-Agertts to pay	KofpWal,	lftaH	id	fhridby the Arid agent or agents

the expence*' tflthvtlme df riiKktng fuch ftriftty tsaftfrefirid : and fri cafe tucb rdgiJtof' 6f rtfgirtets mill negfeff of ftfufd t6 tfarifcrtbe arid trarif-0)ft fueh tefty end critics of the AIM fettef end letters of attorney* >A tMiHMt 4fdrefiid, (if stay (hif> Alps iri that time' rttaD fM (torn fiicKport 6f t>ht€ (6 iify p6tf 6Y pbttS\Y\ &iOi &ri(aih), fooh rfgiftdr rftid regiftet's, (6 riegWAirig of rdfulirfg, ftiatf forfeit »h6 fifth 61 fivd htfridfttf dt/rirrdl, to bd ftcriVeft'd by’ HTtri dr them Who* frill frit fdt the rathe1, by aAibri' of debt, bill, plaint, erf irtfeprfiitfod, Hi arty cbdrt of retrifd ?ri Gttdt Mritdih or Ame-rkSs rfrfdfetiMVd iri" ariy othdf of his NfiJdftyV dominions, in Which f&efloitf, pftlteAittn, of'tfrtfgfcr Of liftf, 6r mofc than one hiftfeftfthc*, flrafl bestftovted.

XXXtII. Afid9 fdf the inbtt ejftMdt ttokHlg feh Utters of at-

thereof.

vine w^ivn ur iav.il kuu suiu ituwio wi 4iu/iu«jr, «uu vi u«ui*

to W» iiinwi^ CUpttjOfldei* f4al, tfarifrtiitted by tfte faid I'egiifcf' or agency of fiich *bd oOOrtf 4rtd cWurfsoP ddttfinflty1 iri hi! fifajtfty*s plantatidrisin peribu. AhrfkOi til'd elfeWhete within hiS Wajetldisrhlnioris, ^nd MgiftbMkf by tbd Aid1 tr4afafrr of GteMutcf) HtjjHteJy AaJUjVod tVfltf'td'tithe'j md at all ritrttfi HeWafteV, b4 goixi arid (ufficlcn’t <Mdth4b df thd agfericy of tfte’ perfort of pdrfOhs' to wh6tn'fu3i tewin' Of attotlityis-or (ball tie1 madfe;: and from time' to'tiaiei Md-at-all ntn^ hereafter, (hail bef adhiitfed, without further ojr Otbef pYOOf theTiof, to be' ldgaf evidence', in all his Majelfy^ oOurtS> of	te&M dflaw* or equity; arty law,	cuftom, or ufage',

*0 thO'corttwry thereof in arty wlfe'notwhliftariding.

Attntitogive XXXVIII. And be it further enadled by the authority afordiid*, publick notiot fhat aftef the fale'or'faieS of ahy' prii'tf ot' pfiz'es, which fiave •ppofntS*for‘ ^tedlf OY' fHall bftakeri frdtrt the enetriy by artV df hls Majeftjt's ■ ^ment of ffiipi-Of Waf, ptibHck notiHtatiOH, in manner herein-after men* rtbnedr fhali be glvetl by the' pttfoWs Of agents appointed as aftwfcw, (dr (Hdprfyqieftt of the fev«?ral ftiareS fc the captors afdreAid; thafis to fay, if the prize or priz'd! rtiall have'been oefhfil be'cbndettfrted iri his'Rlajefty’s high Cobrt or other court of admiralty in Great BritbifT, theh the' peffoH'of perforis, ajgerit Of agertH, appointed ot tbbe appoirited iri puirudrice drum

.ui eOij Loe.:JAl	 rt.'	n

the (hares to tHc captors i

(peifiv'dfyi it

tho LtMM 'Qa&Hty asid^if ccWdethned1 iri'ahy cbilrt'ot‘courts 'df

admiralty

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1779*3 Anno decline nono Georgii IH. c.fiy*	5*5

admiralty br vice-admiralty in any ocher of his Majefty’s dominions* then fuch per fen or peribns, agent dr agents as aforefoid*

(hafU infert and puWifl*, or caufe to be iaferted and pabliflicd* fuch notification* under his or their hand or hands respectively* in the Grarffe, or fomfe other newipaper of pubikk authority, of the iftand or place where the prize or prizes (hall have been or fhaU be condemned ; and if there (hall be no £*&//*, or fuch other newspaper publifhed there, then in feme or one of the moft poblick newspapers of fuch ifland or place $ and all pcrfons aad fall deli* or agents publUhing* or caufine to be published, every fech no- v** r° the cok tification refpe&ively, (hall deliver to the collector* cilftomcr, or fearchcr, for the time being of his Majefty’s cuftotns reading at of ^ or belonging to the port or place where the prize or prfees IMrfl ncwJpapera have been or (hall be condemned* or the lawful deputy or de- &c. in whiofe putiefc ert fuch collector, coftomer* or fearchcr 5 and if there (hall [“ch be m fetch colle&or, Cuftomer* dr fearfcher, then fuch perfent jn™rted. or agents as aforefaid (hall deliver, to the principal officer or	*

officers of the port or place where the prize or prizes (hell. Wave been or (hall be condemned* or to the lawful deputy or deputies of fech principal officer or officers, two of the Gantries or other ncWfpapcrs to which fuch notifications (ball be fc infected ottd publifhed ; and if there dial) nbt be any publkk newspapers in any fuch iflakad or place* then fech per loft Ur perfobs, agent ot agehta* (h«U give two fuch notifications in writings under Ink or thtir rdpeftive hand or hands, to the feid colleger, cufiOtnCr or fearchcr, or the deputy or deputits of fech collector, uftwnct* or featoher, or where (here (hall be no fech ooHcCtbr* cafte*ief\ or feardter, tb fech principal officer or officerfi, or Ms or their deputy br deputies* aforeftid 1 and every fech CoMe&or* cufto- who (hall Tub-mer,or fearchcr, and principal officer or officers, or fuch deputy {5nbc lh* or deputies* (haH fubferibe his Or their name Or names on feme	one

coti^Mcuous port of both the feid Gazettes, toewfpapet*, or 0f them to the written notifications refpe&ivety, and by the firft (hip Wbfch treafurer of Hull fail (after his or their receipt of fechGadeltcs* new (paper** Jjreenwich or written notifications rcfpe&ivfcly) from fuch port or pPsto* to any port of Gre* Bfikrins (haH thanfmit or fend, K> the treoferef gtgnedl. of the royid hbfpltal at Greettwhh, or the deputy of fuch trea-furtr, fer the time being, one of the fajd GrMdfteS* AewfpoperS^ or written notifications, with his or their natnt or name* fe febferibed to and open the fame rofpcdtively* to be theta registered 4 and (kail fetthfuUy praferve and keep the other of thfe feid two Gazettes, •newfpapcrs, or written notifications* With his arehdir hame or names theroeto ferbferibed as oferefeid, fe his tor their cuftody f and that in every fech printed or written notification as aforefaid* the feid perfon or pertas* agent or agents, (hall infert or fpecify his or their piaoeor pieces cfsbodo, end the predfeda, of the (Month and year appointed far the p»nht of the fererad end rc/pcitire (hbros of the iprize Of <pnads tt> the weptors t and ell fuch wotdkiBttam, tvith telbeft MadAeatfaM> to prices'oondetofted or to trcOMkemfttod i« 6r**i Brittti** (hail **^**8** he pubhibed ia the Zmifos Gmritt threedaiprat leeft before SenuttfeT

apf

Digitized by

Google

366

' Great Britain to be publiflieti in the London Gazette, three days befoie any (hare (hali be paid, &c.

Shares of roll men, and of fach*s (hati • hot be demanded with* in s years, to be paid to Greenwich Hospital.

Any agent for appraitement or (ale of prizes taken by his Majefty's (hips of war, &c. who (halt neglect to publilh proper notifications before payment, (hall forfeit ipo/.s

and colle&or, Sec. of the cuftoms neglecting to at-teftortranfmit the fame, (hall be liabk to the fame penalty.

Notifications tran Trait ted and attefted as aforefaid, and regiftcred at Greenwich Hofpital, (hall

Anno dedmo’noho GEOftdi* III. c. 6j.	[1779.

any part or parts, (hare or proportion, of any fuch prize or prizes, (hall be paid to any perfon' or perfons infilled thereto ; and all fuch notifications, with refped to prizes condemned or to be condemned in any other part of his Majefty’s dominions, (hall be delivered to the faid collector, cuftomer, or fearcher, or principal officer or officers aforefaid refpeCtively, or fuch ref-pedive deputy or deputies, three days at leaft before any part or parts, (hare or proportion, of any fuch prize or prizes (halt be paid to any perfon or perfons intitled thereto : after which fe-vcral and refpedive notifications, if any man’s (hare (haH remain in the hands of the perfons or agents appointed as afore* faid, either belonging to fuch men as (hail be run from his Majefty’s fervice, or which (hall not be legally demanded within three years, then fuch (hare or (hares fo remaining in the per* font or agents hands, or belonging to fuch men as (hall ran from his Majefty’s fervice, (hall go and be paid to the ufe of Greenwich HofpitaL

XXXIX. And he it further enacted by the authority afore* faid, That if any perfon or agent, appointed, or to be appointed, for appraifement or fale of any prize or prizes, taken, or to he taken, from the enemy, by any of his Majefty’s (hips or veflels of war, pr for the diftributioh of any bounty*money, (hall neg-led or refufe to publi(h, give, or deliver, any notification here* in direded or required to be publifhed, given, or delivered, or (hall not publifh, give, or deliver, any fuch notification, before the payment of any part of fuch* prize or bounty-money, and7 with* in the times herein refpedively limited, or in the manner herein appointed ; or (hall not ipecity or fet forth, in fuch notification, the matters and things herein direded to be fpecified and fet forth \ every fuch perfon or agent (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Great Britain or America, or elfc-where in any of his Majefty’s dominions, in which no eflbtn,

firotedion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one itnpar-ance, (hall be allowed: and if any colledor, cuftomer, or fearcher, of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or principal officer br officers, or fuch deputy or deputies as aforefaid, (hall negled or refufe to receive or to atteft, or (hall not tranfmit or fend, any fuch Gazette, newfpaper, or written notification, as aforefaid, in fuch manner as is before direded, every fuch colledor, cuftomer, or fearcher, principal officer or officers, or fuch deputy or deputies, fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the turn of one hundred pounds, to be fued for and recovered in the fame manner as the above penalty is direded to be fued for and recovered.

XL. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the notifications in all fuch gazettes, newfpapers, and in writings refpedively, as aforefaid, which (hall be fo tranfmitted and arttefted by luch colledor, cuftomer, or fearcher, or principal officer or officers, or fuch deputy or deputies as

aforefaid,

Digitized by ^.ooQle

1779*3 Annb decimo rtorio Georgii III. c. 6j.	367

aforefaid, and regiftered at the faid royal hofpital, on proof of Hofpital, (hall the hand-writing of fuch coliedor, cuftomer, fearcher, princi-pal officer or officers, or deputy or deputies, from time to time, agencyCof the and at all times, lhal) be good and Sufficient evidence, in all pcrfonstbere-his Majefty’s tourts of law and equity, that the perfon or per- in mentioned, fons^ whofe name or names is or are thefein fet forth and fpe-cified as the agent or agents for the prize or prizes therein re-fperiively mentioned, is or are fuch agent or agents.

XLI. And whereas great numbers of Jhips of neutral nations. Commifliori* may pafs the Jens laden with naval jlores, intended to be carried to. the ports oj France, whereby his Majefiys enemies may hot only be for \hc King'* enabled and encouraged to fit out and arm privateers to deflroy the ufe, naval trade of his Majejly's fubjefls, but may alfo be fupplied tvith mate- ^ ores on board rials to build and fit out Jhips of war, to annoy and invade his Ma-jejlfs dominions: and whereas divers Jhips of neutral nations, laden port ?be as aforefaid, may be taken and brought into the ports of Great Bri- King s (hips mi tain, and the purehafe offuch naval ftoresy laden on board fuch Jhips- privateer*. of neutral nations, for the fervice of his Majefiy, may in many, cafes be expedienty. without proceeding to the condemnation thereof; be it therefore further enaried by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the principal officers and commiffioners of his Majefty’snavy for the time being, or their officers or agents, during the continuance of the prefent hofti-. lities with France, to purehafe, on the account or for the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs only, all or any fuch naval ltores found on boar*any fuch (hips of neutral na-, tions, which have been, (hall, or may hereafter be brought* into any of the ports of this kingdom, by any of his Majefty’s (hips or vcflels, or by* any private (hips or veffels of war, or other (hips or veflels having commiffions or letters of marque ; and that the commiffioners and officers of the cuftoms for the time being (hall and may permit and fuffer fuch naval (lores, fa. purchafed as aforefaid, to be entered and landed within any of the ports of this kingdom; any thing in an a<ft of parliament, ** Car. 4* pafled it the twelfth year of his late majefty King Charles the !^wllh«w-Second, intituled, An afl for the encouraging and inercafing of Jhip-ping and navigation, contained to the conti ary thereof in any wife notwithftandmg.

XLII. And, as a further encouragement to the officers, fea- Bounty mo-men, marines, foldiers, and others, on board his MajeftyVJ|^y Pay*btet0 (hips of war, as alio of privateers, to attack, take, and deftroy, b^h^na^-any (hips of force belonging to the enemy ; be it enaried by office, for all the authority aforefaid. That there (hall be paid, by the trea- »nen on board furer of his Majefty’s navy, upon bills to be maue forth by the commiffioners of the navy, to be paid according to the courfe decoyed!1 * thereof, without fee or reward, unto the officers, feamen, marines, foldiers, or others, who (hall have been adlually on board any of bis Majefty’s (hip or (hips of war, or privateer or privateers, at the taking, or finking, or burning, or otherwifb deftroying, any fhip or (hips of war belonging to the enemy, fince the twenty-ninth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred Vol. XXXII.	Bb	and



Numbers to Se afctrtained upon oath)

and a certificate granted thereof, and produced to the commiflio-ners of the navy, with copy of (hip's condemnation ; unlefs the (hip be funk or deftroyed.

Dividend to be made according to prpportion fttllcd by proclamation,^.

Where fuch o*tb and certificate canuot be made and had at the firft port,

the fame may Ur dene at any other port

Anno ffetimo nona Gsoaan HI. c.6f*	\*TRb

Sod (evenly-eight, five pounds for every roan who was Kviog on board any (hip or (hips fo taken, funk, burnt, or otherwifo deftroyed, at the beginning o£ the attack or engagement between them; the numbers of fucb men to be proved by the oaths of three or more of the chief officers or men which were belonging to the faid (hip or (hips of war or privateers of the enemy, or belonging to any of them, at the time of her or their being taken as prize, funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, before the mayor, or other chief magiftrate, of the port within any of his Majefty’s dominions whereuntoany prize, or officers or men of fuch (hips, as were funk, burnt, or otherwife dcftroyed, (hall be brought; or before the Brit 'tjb confui or vice-* conful refiding at any neutral port to which fuch prize, or officers or men, (hall be brought; which oaths the (aid mayor, or other chief magiftrate, of any fuch port, or conful or vice-con« ful, are hereby refpeCtiveiy impowered and required to admi-nifter, and (hall forthwith grant a certificate thereof, without foe or reward, directed to the commiffioners of the navy ; upon producing which certificate to the comraiffioners of his Ma-jefty’6 navy, together with an authentick copy of the fentence or decree of condemnation of fuchftiip fo taken; or where fuch certificate cannot be had and obtained, then upon producing only a copy of the fentence or decree of condemnation, whereby the number of men on board, fuch {hips of the enemy (hall appear to have been proved; or if fuch (hip be funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, on producing only a certificate from the mayor, or other chief magiftrate, or conful or vice-conful, as aforefaid, the faid commilnoners of his Majefty’s navy, or fuck perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint for that purpofe, (ball, according to the courfe of the navy, within fifteen days, make out bills for the amount of fuch bounty, directed to the trea-furer of the navy, payable to, aqd to be divided amongfr, the officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers, on board his Majeftv** (hips of war, in manner, form, and proportion, as by his Mai-jefty’s proclamation for granting the diftribution of prizes, already iflued or to be iflued for that purpofe, is or (nail be directed and appointed ; and amongft the owners, officers, and feamen, of any private (hip or veflel of war, in fuch manner and proportion as by any agreement in writing, they (hall have entered into for that purpofe, (hall be directed.

XLII1. Provided neverthelefs. That in all cafes where fqch oath and certificate cannot be adminiftered and granted at the firft port whereunto any prize, or officers or men of fuch (hips as h^ve been, or (hall be taken, funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, (hall be brought, fuch oath or oaths, relating to any prize or prizes that (hall be taken, or to any (hips of his Majefty’s enemies that (hall be funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, as aforefaid, (hall and* may be adminiftered and taken by and before the mayor, or other chief magiftrate, of any port within any of his Majefty’s dominions, or by or before the Britijb conful, or vice-conful, refiding at apy neutral port whereunto any

prize

Digitized by

,*779\l Anno decitfca nono GfcoRGli tit. c. 6;*

prize or prizes, or officers or men of any (hips belonging to His Majefty’s enemies as have been, or (halt be, taken, funk; burnt, or othervrife deftroyed, (hall at any time afterwards be brought, (proof being firft made, by affidavit before fuch per-fbn or perfons, of the inability of making fuch oath or oaths, and obtaining fuch certificate, at the faid firft port)$ and the mayor, or other chief magiftrate, conful or vice-conful, (hall thereupon grant fuch certificate and certificates as are hereinbefore directed ; which certificate and certificates fhall be good and effectual to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were granted by the mayor, or other chief magiftrate, conful or vice-conful, or the port to which fuch prize or prizes, officers ot men, as aforefaid, fhall be firft brought; any thing herein con* lained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That if any (hip, veflel, or boat, taken as prize, or any goods therein* (hall appear, and be proved, in any court of admiralty, to have belonged to any of his Majefty’s fubjeds of Great Britain or Ire-land* or any of the dominions and territories remaining and continuing under his Majefty’s protection and obedience, which were before taken or furprized by any of his Majefty’s enemies, and at any time afterwards again furprized and retaken from Jiis Majefty’s enemies by any ot his Majefty’s (hips of war, or any

Srivate man of war, or other (hip, veflel, or boat, under his lajefty’s protection and obedience ; that then fuch (hips, vef-iels, boats, and goods, and every fuch part and parts thereof, as aforefaid, formerly belonging to fuch his Majefty’s fubjeCts, (hall in all cafes be adjudged to be reftored, and (hall be, by decree of the faid court of admiralty, accordingly reftored to fuch former owner or owners, or proprietors, he or they paying, for and in lieu of falvage, one-eighth part of the true value of the (hips, veflels, boats, and goods, refpeCtively fo to be reftored; which falvage, if retaken from the enemy by any of his Majefty’s (hip or (hips of war, (hall be anfwered and paid to the captains, officers, and feamen, in his Majefty’s faid (hip or fhips of war, to be divided in fuch manner as before in this aCt is directed touching the (hare of prizes belonging to the flag officers, captains, officers, feamen, marines, and foldicrs, where prizes are taken by any of his Majefty’s (hips of war ; and if fuch (hip fo retaken by any of his Majefty’s (hip or (hips of war, or by any private man of war, (hall appear to have been, after the taking by the enemy, by them fet forth as a man of war, the former owners and proprietors, to whom the fame (hall be reftored, (hall be adjudged to pay, and (hall Day, for falvage, the tull moiety of the true value of the faid (hip fo taken and reftored without deduction, as aforefaid\ any law, cuftom, or iifage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the bill or bills, so be made out for the bounty hereby granted to the commanders, officers, feamen, marines, foldiers, and others, of his Majefty’s (hips of war, for taking, finking,

B b 2	burning.

Proof Being made ot fuck inability at the fait port.

Certificate granted there* upon to be valid.

Prizes whidh bad been taken fronS his Majeiiy'f fubie&s not in rebellion tf be reftored CO th?m,

on payment of i-Stn part of the value thereof;

but if any' fucb (hip h?4 btren uled by the enemy as a man of *»ar, a moiety of the value to be paid on rettor-ing thereof.

Bills for bounty montyro be paiUfcQageiUfe

Digitized by

Google

370

Anno dedmo nonotiEORGii IH. C.67.	tf779*

burning, or otherwife deftroying, any (hips of war, or priva-* teers, belonging to any of his Majefty’s enemies, (hall be mad$ payable to fuch perfon or pfcrfons as (hall be authorised and appointed by the flag officers or flag officer, captains or cap^> tain, officers or officer, (hips* companies or (hip’s company, and others, intitlcd thereunto, in like manner as herein before is directed for the nominating and appointing agents for appraife#* and to be di- ments and Tales to be made as aforefaid; the fame to be vided amongft diftributed and divided, by the faid perfon or perfons fo autho-the captors. rifccj ancj appointed, amongft the captors, in fuch manner. Shares not de- form, and proportion, as aforefaid ; the feyeral (hares of which maiidcd^nh- caplors^ jf not legally demanded within three years after publick be pJicfovei^ notification, and alfo of fuch as (hall run from his Majefty** to Greenwich fervice, (hall be applied to the ufe of Greenwich Hofpital J HoipkaL and that the bill or bills to be made out for tbe bounty hereby Bounty mo- granted to privateers, for taking, burning, finking, or other-neytopnva. wife deftroying, any (hips of war, or privateers, belonging to d^idVd asV any Majefty’s enemies, (hall be made payable to (uch greed among perfon or perfons as (hall be nominated and appointed by the themfelves. owner or owners, officers and Teamen, of fuch privateer or privateers, who (hall have taken, funk, burnt, or otherwife deft royed, the fame or the major part of them, to be divided ip fuch manner and proportions as (hall have been agreed op by them as aforefaid.

Ships or mer- XLVI. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid^ taken b* 1 That in cafe any (hip or veflel, or any goods or merchandize* lufionbypri-	ta^en	or	retaken, or reftored, without being firflt

vatcers/ brought to adjudication, by any privateer, through confent, or clandeftinely, or by collufion or connivance, the (nip and veflel, and goods and merchandizes, fo taken or retaken, or reftored, and alfo the (hip’s tackle, furniture, apparel, and ammunition*

forfeited to bis	Pr*vateer>	upon	proof thereof to be made in any

Majefty, with court °f admiralty, be declared and adjudged to be good prize the bond; to his Majefty; and one moiety thereof (hall be tonhe ufe of One Moiety his Majefty, his heirs and fucceiTors, and the other moiety to to the crown the ufe of fuch perfon who (hall difeover and fue for the fame^ the other to the an(j t|)e bond given by the captain of fuch privateer (hall be, prolecutor} ancj »s hereby adjudged to be, forfeited to his Majefty: and in

by a'King's11 ca^c any ^*P or ve^eh or an)’ goods or merchandises (hip, the cap- as aforefaid, (hall betaken, or fo retaken or reftored, by any lair* to forfeit man of war, through conlent, clandeftinely, or by collufion or 1000/., connivance of the commander or captain, fuch commander or captain lhall forfeit the fum of one thoufand pounds; one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to the ufe of fuch perfon who (hall difeover and fue for the fame; to be recovered by aeftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, wherein no efloin, protection, privilege, or wager of Jaw, or any more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and fuefi ***\I*/U*~ captain or officer, (hall forfeit his command and-employment, E™ tor 7 and (hall be, and is hereby difablcd and made incapable of any 7	9	'	o	office

Digitized by

Google

*779*1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 67.	$71

office or employment under his Majefty, during the fpace offe- and the (hip ven years; and the faid goods and merchandizes, and the (hip, and goods tackle* apparel, furniture, guns, and ammunition, fo taken by ^ken forfeit-collufion, (hall be, and is hereby directed to be adjudged, in all courts of admiralty, as good prize and forfeiture to his Majefty.

: XLVIL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Run m?n for-

That no perfon or perfons, belonging to any of his Majefty’s	^

(hips or veffels of war* or to any merchant (hip employed in his	bounty^

Majefty’s fervice, who (hall run away, or withdraw him "or money.

themfelves from the (hip or veftel by which'any prize or prizes

(hall be taken from any of his Majefty’s enemies, or otherwife

from his Majefty’s fervice, before or after notification (hall be

given by the perfons or agents appointed as aforefaid, of the day

appointed for the payment of the feveral (hares to the captors of

the faid prize or prizes, (hall have, or be intitled to have or

claim, any intereft in, or benefit of, the faid (hare or fhares of

the faid prize or prizes, or the bounty-money aforefaid, or any which is to be

part thereof; but fuch (hare and (hares qf fuch prize and prizes, paid over to

and bounty-money, (hall go and be paid to the ufe of Greeen- £rc5"wT,ch

inch Hcfpttal. *	*	HofP,taI>

* XLVIII. Provided always, That itany perfon or perfons (hall and if they or do run away, or withdraw him or themfelves, from any fuch (hip or veftel, as aforefaid, after notification given as aforefaid, ioie what^then he or they (hall forfeit and lofe fuch part of his and their (hare remains of and (hares of the faid prize or prizes, and bounty-money, as their;(hare in (hall be remaining in the faid agent or agents’ hands, at the ^ha^f<nU* time of his and their running away, or withdrawing him or na themfelves ; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithftanding.

XLIX. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, Agent*,within That all and every perfon and perfons, agent and agents, and ti^day ap-tCf others, who (hall fell, or otherwife difpofe of, any prize or pointed for prizes, fo to be taken as aforefaid from any of his Majefty’s ene- firft payment, mies, (hall, within the fpace of three calendar months next after to tranfmitto the day to be appointed for the firft payment or diftribution to o^^^wTch the captors of fuch prize or prizes made in purfuance of fuch Hofpital an publick notification as aforefaid, make out, and tranfmit or de- account of liver unto the treafurer of the (aid royal hofpital at Greenwich produce of for the time being, or to fuch perfon or perfons as he (hall for fucb Prizc* that purpofe depute or appoint, a trde (late and account in writing under the hand or hands of fuch agent or agents, or perfon or perfons fo employed, of the produce of all fuch prize and prizes as aforefaid, together with an account of the pay- and payment ments of the feveral (hares to the captors, as (hall then have of (hares; been really and truly by him or them refpe&ively paid; and alfo that all and every perfon and perfons, aulhoriled and ap- and alfo tranf-poirtted by this prefent a6l to receive bills for the bounty hereby mit a l>ke ac-granted, (hall, within the like fpace of three calendar months ^unty-mo! next after the day appointed for the firft payment or diftribution ncy. y-of fuch bills for the bounties as aforefaid, in like manner make oot, and tranfmit or deliver to the treafurer for the time being

B b 3	of



Anno dechno nono Gko^gii III. c. S;.	[ 1779.

pf the foid hofpital, or to his fuificieut deputy, a true date and account in writing, under his or their hand or hand*, pf shp payment and diftribution of fuch bills: and further, dial all and every perfon and perfops, agents and others, who, by virtue <4 this a<9, (hall fell or difpofe of any prize or prizes, which ready have been, or lhall at any time or times thereafter be from the laid enemy, by any of his MajeAy’s (hi^s or yeflcj* qf war, or who (hall receive or difpofe of any bill or bills for bounty, fuch perfon and perfons, agents and others, fo feUiog and dif-poftng thereof, (ball* within the fpace of three calendar mopthp next after the expiration of the term of three years limited fef this a ft, make out an exad account in writing of the produce transmit a Hke	Pr*zc	afU*	P1^5* bilj and bills for bounty i as alfo of the

account of the payments of the feveral (hares to the refpe&ive captor$f tpgc-produce and ther with a true and juft account, upon oath, to be taken hefocp the treafurer of the faid hofpital for the time being. Or any othef

iierfon or perfons by him for that purpofe deputed and author*-ed, in writing under his hand and leal, {which oath the faid treafurer of the faid hofpital, and his fufficient deputy and dc-puties, authorifed as aforefaid, is and are hereby authoriied aa4 impowered to adminider,^ of all Him and fums of money as (hall be then remaining in fuch agent or agents or perfoaf cuftody, power, or pofleiEon; and (hall at the fame time deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the treafurer of tbe (aid for the time being, or to his fufficient deputy or agent, the bid accounts, fo attefted upon oath as aforefaid, together with all fuch remaining fum and fums of money then fo left and remaining in his or their hands, as aforefaid, taking from the fak} treafurer, or his proper deputy or agent, bis or their acquittance or acquittances for the fame.

L. And be it further enacted. That all and every perfon and perrons, hereby direiSted to tranftnit or deliver all or any the accounts before mentioned, who (hall uegledt or re foie to tranfaait or deliver all or any fuch account or accounts to the tneafuner of the faid hofpital, or bis (aid deputy or agent, within the time before limited and appointed, in manner and form as is hereinbefore mentioned ^ or who (hall neglect or refute topayovqr all and every fuch fum and fums of money, as (hall remain in his or their hand or hands, power, cuftody, or poileSion, after the term of three years, to be accouated as aforeiaid; (hall, fof every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, over and above the money then in fuch agents’ hands j ooe third part whereof (hall belong to his M«jefty,and die remaining two thirds to the faid royal hoJpital; to be recovered, with cofts of fuit, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any-of his Majefty’s courts of record^ in which no effoiR, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (half be allowed.'	'

LI. And be it further ena&ed, That if any fraud, coi-lufion, or deceit, (hall be wittingly or willingly made, ufed,com-mined, permitted, or done, or fuftered, in making, gating,{qr 1	.	J	balancing.

*pd, within 3 years after, to make out

payments of fuch prizes aed bounty-money,

and of all fums then re-nisming in their hands, which are to be paid oyer at the fame time to the treafurer of the (aid hofpital.

Agents neglecting toren-der luch accounts and payments, to (orftit toof. over and above the money then in their hands;

One third to the King, and th* reft to the hofpital.

If therefappear any fraud or collufion in

Digitized by v^ooQle

* 779-1 Anno dfecimo nono Gsoftou III. c. 67.

balancing, any fuch accounts, then every perfbn or perfons who fhaH be thereof duly convided, and bis and their aiders and abettors, ffiaH forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, over and -above the penalties and pmHhtnentsinfli&cd by this a£t, the Cum of one hundred pounds; one third part whereof to be to the ufe of his Majefty, and one other third to the ufe of the faid hofpital, and the other third to the informer who (hall fue for the fame; to be recovered, with cofts of fuit, by atftien of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record, tn which no efloin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

LII. And be it further enatfted by the authority aforefaid. That no agent or agents for prizes, or bounty-money, (hall be liable to be fued, impleaded, or arrefted, by any perfbn or perfons who fhall be made run from his Majefty s fervice, in the lifts to be duly certified of the names of the officers, Teamen, marines, foldiers, or others, who (hall be a&ually on board any of his Majefty’s (hips of war at the talcing of any prize or prizes, uhlefs the perfbn or perfons fo made run, (hall, before any action brought, obtain a certificate of his or their R or R’s being taken off, and the forfeiture of his or their (hares of fuch prizes and bounty monies being difeharged by the commiffion-ers of his Majefty’s navy who fubferibed the faid lifts, and (hall produce fuch certificate to the faid agent or agents refpe&ively ; and unlefs the faid agent or agents, on the producing of fuch' certificate or certificates, (hall refufe to pay the faid prize or bounty-money (in cafe the fame be due and payable according to the dire&ions in his Majefty’s proclamation) within two months after any fuch demand made and fuch certificate produced.

LIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thou-fand feven hundred and feventy-ninc, all and every perfon and perfons, agent and agents, appointed of to be appointed by the flag officers or flag officer, captains or captain, officers or officer, (hips’ companies or (hip’s company, and others, of any of his Majefty’s (hips or vefiels of war, for the diftribution of any bounty bill or bills given or granted by virtue of this a<5i, (hall infert and publifh, or caufe to be inferted and publifhed, under his or their hand or hands, in the Linden Gazette, three days at the leaft before the payment or diftribution of any fuch bounty bill or bounty bills, publick notification of the precife day of the month and year appointed for the payment of fuch bounty-money ; and (hall infert, in every fuch notification, the place or places of his or their abode.

LIV. And be it further ena<£ted by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes whefe any publick notification hath* during the prefent hoftilities, been given, or (hall be given, before the refpetftive times hcrem-before mentioned for the giving of notifications in Grtat Britain, and other parts of his Majefty’s dominions, of the payment of any prize or bounty-money in re-

B b 4.	fped

373

fuch account*, perfons concerned therein to forfeit iool* extra.

One third to the King, One to the hofpital, and one to the profe* cutor.

Agents not

liable to be fued by run men in the King's fef-vice,

unlefs they produce a certificate of their R's being taken off,

<

and the agent thereupon refufe to pay the prize or bounty-money.

Agents of King'* (hips for diltribu-tion or bounty bills (hall give 3 days notice, in the London Gazette, before the payment of iucu bills *

and (hall, in luch notifications, mention their placesef abode.

If in any pub-lick notification already given, or which (hall be given, during the prefent hoUiliricf,

Digitized by Google

there (hall be omitted the day on which payment (hall, commence, or

jhen the faid agent (hall gi'e a more particu'ar notification, at the iefpe£Hve times herein mentioned.

Anna deritno ntonoGeorgii III: c.67.	[§771,

fpe<5l of any of his Majefty’s (hips of vcflelsof war, and the particular and precife day whereon fuch payment did or (hall commence, and the name or names, and place or places of abode, Pcr^on ot perfons, agent or agents, appointed or to be ap-the name and pointed for the appraifement and fale of any fuch prize op prizes, pbieof .bode or diftribution of any fuch bounty-money, was not, Or (hall net of the agent, be fet forth or fpecified in fuch poblick notification, the per-fon or perfons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed for the appraifement and fale of every fuch prize or prizes, condemned or to be condemned in hi^ Majefty’s high court or other court of admiralty in Great Britain, or for the diftribution of any fuch bounty-money, (hall, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feyen hundred and feventy-nine; and the perfon or perfons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed for the appraifement and fale of every fuch prize or prizes, condemned or to be condemned fa any court or courts of admiralty in any other of his Majefty’s dominions in Ewrtpe,, or in any of his Majefty’s plantations in America, or for the diftribution of any fuch bounty-money, (hall, on t>r before the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty ; and the perfon or perfons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed for the appraifement and fale of every fuch prize or prizes condemned or to be condemned in any other of hisMajefty*s dominions, or tor the diftriburion of anv fuch bounty money, fhaU on or before the twenty.fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, refpedively give notification, under his or their hand or hands relpe&ively, of the precife day of the month and year appointed for the payment of the (hares of fuch prize or bounty-money refpedively, and (hall fpecify in every fuch notification, his or their place or places or abode ; and all fuch notifications (hall be publifhed, or given and delivered, attefted and tranfmitted, by and to fuch perfon and perfons, and in fuch manner, as the notifications to be publifhed or given are herein before direded and required to be publifhed, or given and delivered, attefted and tranfmitted.

' LV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all penalties and forfeitures given and granted by this ad, (hall be applied, one moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the ufe of the faid royal hofpitai.

LVI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all penalties and forfeitures, and parts of penalties and forfeitures, given or to be given to the uie of the faid royal hofpitai, by this prefenr ad, or any other ad or ads of parliament, (hall and may be fued for and recovered in the name of the com-miflioners and governors of the royal hofpitai for featnen at Greenwich, in the county of Kent.

LVII. And, for the more fpeedy bringing of offenders to juftice, and to prevent the inconveniences occafibned by want of frequently holding a feflion of admiralty, for the trial of offences committed oh the high Teas, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That, frqm and after the twenty-fpurth day

of

PenaHes and forfeitures how to be ap plied. '

penalties given to Greenwich hofpitai how to be recovered.

A feflion of oyer and ter-roiper, for trying naval one nee*, to be held twice

Digitized by L^ooQLe

J779-] Anno decimo nono GeorgiiIII. c. 67.	375

of Jurtiy one thoufand fcvcn hundred and Seventy-nine, a fefficm a year at the of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery, for the trial of offences Ok! Bailey, committed on the high feas, within the jurifdidtion of the admiralty of England, fhall be held twice, at leaft, in every year, that i$ to fay, in the feveral months of March and Oflober in each year, at Juftice Hall in the Old Bailey, London, except at fuch times as the l'effions of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, for the city of jLondon, and county of Middlefex, (hall be appointed to be there held, or in' fuch other place within that part of Great Britain called England, as the lord high admiral of Great Britain* or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, (hall, by any letter or order, in writing under their hands, directed to the judge of the high court of admiralty in England for the time being, appoint.

LVII1. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Coramiflion-That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou- iJrmin^or fand (even hundred and feventy-nine, it (ball and may be law- juitices of ful, not only to and for any one or more of the commiffioners peace, im-for the time being^ named in the commiffion of oyer and termi- peered to': tier for the trying of offences committed within the jurifdi&ion ^ons of the admiralty of England, but alfo to and for any one or more oath *of any -of the juftices of the peace for the time being of any county, rid- piracy, €cc, » ing, divifion, or place, within that part of Great Britain called committed England* and they are hereby refpe&ively autborifed and im-powered, from time to time, to take any information or infor- dtfhoa^ mations, of any witnefs or witneffes, in writing, upon oath, touching any piracy, felony, or robbery, done or commit-©d, or charged to have been done or committed, in or upon the fea, or in any haven, river, creek, or place, where the admiral or admirals hath or have power, authority, or Jurifdidtion ; and thereupon, (if fuch commiffioner or commiffioners, or juftice or juftices of the peace, refpeftively, (hall fee. caufe,) by any war- and to grant rant or warrants, under his or their hand and feal, or hands and warranti for feals, to caufe the perfon or perfons, accufed in fuch informati-on or informations, to be apprehended and committed to the accural ** gaol of the county or place whorein the fame information or informations (hall be taken, there to remain until discharged by due courfe of law.

LIX. And it is hereby further enacted. That fuch of the laid Commiffion. ^commiffioners, or juftices of the peace, who (hall caufe any fuch perfon or perfons to be committed as i^ laft-mentioned, (hall, ^rons they and he or they is or are hereby refpedtiveiy required, at the fame foal! think ne-time, to oblige all and every fuch other perfon or perfons, whom ceflary to cn-ftich commiffioner or commiffioners, or juftice or juftices of the te^ *”t0^ ^ -peaces (hall judge neceflary to profecute and give evidence prSfc^tTfuch againft the perfon or perfons, who (hall be fo committed as offenders, aforefaid, to enter into, one or more recognizance or recognizances to his Majefty, in a Efficient penalty, for his, her, or their < appearing at the then next/effion of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, to be held for the jurifdidtion of the admiralty of Eng-

$j6	Anno decimo immoGborgii Hi. c.68.	ft779.

laniy there to profecute Mid give evidence ogainft the period or Pedbo# refa- perfons who (hall be committed as aforefaid ; and if any perfoa into foclTrc- rc^u^c to cnrcr into foch recognizance to profecute or pat cogninnce* v evidence as (hall be required, he, (he, or they, to ttfiifing, flwO may be com- be committed, by any foch commiffioncr or coaraiiffionors, juf-akttd. tice or juftioes, to the gaol of the county or place in which the perfon to refuting (hah be, until the nest (tflions of adminky ihall be held, or foch perions (hall enter into fuch recognizance as fhail be required, as aforefaid ; which recognizance or recognizances, together with the information or informations taka touching the offence or offences wherewith the period or per-foas to be committed as aforefaid (hall be charged, the (hid com-mifEoner or commiffioners, or juftice or radices of the peace, before whom the fame (hall be taken, (hall, and they are hereby refpedively required to tranfcnit, with all convenient fpeed, to the regifter for the time being of the high court of admiralty of England, to be by him forthwith laid before the judge for the time being of the fame court, and afterwards to be kept among the records of that court.

Marftalofthe LX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, admiralty. That the marfhal of the admiralty for the time being, and his officer*,*,»Ce deputy or deputies, and all (heriffs, bailiffs, ftewards, confta-obey the or- bles, headboroughs, tithingtnen, keepers of gaols and pfiforts, dm of the and all other officers whatfoever for keeping of the peace, (as f^^sukl^* wc^	liberties	as without) (hah, and they and every of

them are hereby refpedively authorised and required, from rime to time, diligently to execute, perform, and obey, all ftich precept and precepts, warrant and warrants, and other order and orders, as (hall at any time or times hereafter be made, directed, iffiied, or given, to them, or any of them refpedively, by any one or more of the faid commiffioners named in the commiffion of oyer and terminer, or juftices of the peace, by virtue or in purfuance of this ad, touching any of the matters or things herein contained.

Continuance LX1. Provided always, and be it farther enaded by the ao-of this aft. thorny aforefaid, That this ad (hall continue in force during the prefent hoftilitics with Frontse, and no longer.

CAP. LXVIII.

An ail for explaining, amending^ and rendering more effectual* && pafjed in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majefly King George the fecondy for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the Tower Hamlets.

preamble, \K7 HEREAS an aft of parliament was paffed in the twenty-V V third year of the reign of his late majefly King George the Recital of an fittndy intituled, An ad for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of aft *3 Geo. 2. fmaH debts within the Tower Hamlets, wbieb faid aft bath by experience been found ufeful to the inhabitants thereof\ but the fame is m many rejpe&t deftftrw, and inefficient to anjwer the goadpmfeftt

tbertby

Digitized by v^ooQle

J77

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

thereby intended: and whereas the place new vfed as a court- hsufeby the commijfioners fer executing the jaid aft is very inconvenient for that purpofe, and greatly out of repair; and no previfton is made by the Jaid former aft fer raifing money to build, or provide, or put in ’ repair, a proper court- houfe, end offices for executing the powers of the faid aft: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded 5 and be it eoaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by aod with the advice and content of the lords fptritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem* bled, aod by the authority of the fame. That at any general Commiffioners meeting of the laid commiffioners to be held after the patting of may autho-this ad in manner as by this aft is dire&ed, it (hall aod may be a lawful for the faid commiffioners, or the major part of them atf- accqptground[ fembled at fuch meeting, to authorize one or more perfon or and mefliuges perfons* on their behalf, to contract for, and purchafe, or ac-^ or tenements, jDcpt a convenient piece or pieces of ground, and any tnefluages for bu^d,?f a or tenements, in the High-Jtreet, in the pariih of Saint Mary, C0UIt‘ 0	*

JVhkecbapd, or in fome other convenient place within the Tower Hamlets aforefaid; which faid ground and tnefluages or tcite* which (hill be molts, when purchafcd or accepted, (hall be conveyed to Samuel con^|ed to Hawkins, John Baker, James Wood, Lamey Richard Coufemaker, tfUtte4#* thwid fPilmot, James Hatch, Peter Lefevre, James Spagg, John SherwoodJames Caney, Daniel Martin Jfjp*r Clarke, James Bidlake, Laurence Dermett, Charles Seek, james Henley, John Perry, Thomas Page, Charles Mills, John Robinfon, Abraham Better, and tVilliam Buckmafter, and the furvivors of them, and their fucceffors, to be chofen as by this aft is dire&cd, as trustees for the purpofcs hereinafter mentioned: (of which faid truftees one bath been chofen by the parishioners, or inhabitants pf each of the parities, hamlets, precinds, and liberties, within the faid Tower Hamlets, theprecind of theTstcvr within only ex* cepted;) and the faid truftees (hall be feifed thereof, in truft for the fer vice and benefit of the bid hamlets, for the pttrpofes m this and the faid former ad mentioned: and that upon payment Ground and

of the purchafe money, which (hall be agreed to be paid tor the Jne^uagei > . 1	.r	v	,	,	S	r	.	.	tenements to

laid piece or pieces of ground and meffoages or tenements, rt beaded in

(hall be lawful for the commiflaoners nominated, aligned, and truftees, on

appointed, as by the faid former ad is direded, to take poflef- payment of

(ion of tbe fame; and the fame, and every part thereof, (hall be, j^npcurcbafe

and is and are hereby declared to be vefted in the truftees here- mon **

in-before named, and the furvivors of them, and their (ucceflbrs,

for the pnrpofc of building a court-boufe and offices, and alfo

fuch other conveniences as (hall by the faid commiffioners, or

, the major part of them, at any fuch genera! meeting as afore-

laid, be deemed neceffary for executing the bufinefs of the court

of requefts for the Tower Hamlets, to which ufc the faid build*

ings (hall be applied.

II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That When truftees when and as often as any one or more of the faid truftefcs (hall die> others to die, it (hall be lawful for tbe pariftiiomrs or inhabitants of the rSua!! pariih, hamlet, prcciod, or liberty, within the faid Tower Ham* lets, (where fuch truftee or truftees was or were refident at the

ume

Digitized by

Commiflion-crs may build a court-houfe and othercon-leniencies;

and may borrow money ' by annuities.

Annuities to be charged on the additional fume added to the f ees.

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. C*779*

time that he or they was or were chofen or appointed a troftej or truftees,) as have a right to aflemble and meet for the choice of officers in their refpe£Hve veftry, or other place of meeting for tranfaciing the publick bufinefs of fuch parifh, hamlet, precind, or liberty; and they, or the major part of them fo aflembled as aforeftid, are hereby impowered and required, on the Yueftej next after the feaft of Eajler next enfning the deccafe of fuch truftee or truftees, to appoint one other perion er perfons refi-dent within fuch parifh, hamlet, precind, or liberty, to be a truftee or truftees in the room of him or them fo dying, in whom (together with the furvivrng truftees) the fee-fimple and inheritance of the faid piece or pieces of ground and mefluages or tenements fo to be purchafed or accepted as aforefaid, and all the buildings and eredions which fhall be made or builr there-on, fhall, by virtue of fuch appointment, be vefted in truft, for the purpofes in this and the faid former ad mentioned \ and whenever any of the faid truftees fhall happen to die, the firft or original number of twenty-two truftees fhall from time to time be filled up in manner as above-mentioned.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That when the faid piece Qr pieces of ground, and meftuages or tenements, (hall be fo purchafed or accepted as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful for the /aid commiffioners to caufe to be built and finifhed thereon, or provided and fitted up, a convenient court-houie, and fuch other buildings and conveniencies, as fhall be adjudged requifue by the faid commiffioners, at any general meeting or meetings, to be held as by this ad is direded, or by the major part of them aflembled at fuch meeting or meetings; all which faid ground and buildings thall from time ro time be ufed, maintained, fupported, and repaired, in fuch manner as the faid commiffioners fhall think fit.

IV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners, or any fe-ven or more of them, aflembled at any fuch general meeting or meetings for that purpofe, to borrow and raifc any fum or fums of money, not exceeding the fum of one thoufand five hundred pounds in the whole, for the purchafmg of the faid piece or pieces of ground, and mefluages or tenements, and the eredfing of fuch buildings, or providing and fitting up fuch court-houfe and offices as above-mentioned, by the grant of one or more annuity or annuities, for the life or lives of any perfon or perfons, to be charged or chargeable upon the feveral fums of money by this ad raifed, or added to the fees of the faid court, herein-after particularly mentioned ; which faid annuity or annuities (hall not exceed the rate of ten pounds per centum per an-num, upon anyone life, for every one hundred pounds fo borrowed or raifed, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs fum: And they the faid commiffioners (hall and may, at any fuch tneeing or meetings, by an order or orders, figned by any feven or more of them, (without any ftamp), charge the faid additional fums hereby raifed, or added to the find fees, with the payment

Digitized by v^ooQle

1779-1 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.	579

ment of fuch annuity or annuities accordingly; and from and immediately ?fter the advancing of the monies for the purchafe, or granting of fuch life annuity or annuities as aforefaid, into the hands of the treafurer or treafurers, to be appointed by the authority of this aft, and the delivery of fuch order or orders for the payment of fuch annuity or annuities as aforefaid, fuch annuity or annuities (hall (land, and be charged and chargeable upon, and (hall be paid and payable out of the faid monies, taf arife from the faid additional fums by this aft charged upon the faid fees, in fuch manner and form as, by fuch order or orders for payment thereof, (hall be exprefled or direfted, and the famf (hall be free from all taxes and deduftions whatsoever.

V.	And \)c it further enafted, That all and every the faid Annuities annuity or annuities may be afligned by the perfon or perfons entitled to the fame, or his, her, or their executors, adminif- m m trators, or afligns, by indorfement, upon the back of the faid

order or orders, to any perfon or perfons whomfoever.

VI.	And, for enabling the faid commiflioners to pay and Cbmmiflion-

difeharge the faid annuity or annuities, be it enabled by the au-	the°

thority aforefaid, That, from and after the palling of this aft,

there (ball be paid, into the hands of the treafurer or treafurers tp be appointed by the authority of this aft, for every fummons which (hall be illued out of the faid court, the fum of two-pence, and for every hearing in the faid court, the fum of one penny, over and above the fees received, or to be received, by the clerks of the faid court, for every fuch fummons and hearing refpeftively, by virtue of, or under the authority of this or the faid former aft; which faid additional fums, hereby charged up- ' on the laid feveral fees, (hall from time to time be applied in payment of the faid annuity or annuities fo to be granted Or ordered as above mentioned, and the arrears thereof, during and until the fame (hall be fully paid off and difeharged.

VII.	Provided always, and be jt further enafted. That, from Additional and after the death of the perfon or perfons, upon whofe life or (“,D*added to lives fuch annuity or annuities (ha|l be granted, and from and celd/oVthe after the difeharging of fuch annuity or annuities, and alfar- death of an-rears thereof, the payment of the faid feveral additional fums of nuitajits. money, charged upon the laid fees by virtue of this aft as aforefaid, and each and every of them, (hall ceafe and determine,

and (hall be no longer paid or payable.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That the faid commiflion- Commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, at any general meeting or crs c°n“

* . J . u 11	1	1 - A- j- xl j	^	tra& for the

meetings, to be held as by this aft is directed, may, and are building a

hereby direfted to contraft with any perfon or perfons for the court-houfe,

building and finilhing of the faid couit*houfe, and other con - &c.

veniencies hereby authorized to be built, and fuch contraft (hall

fpecify the particular works to be done* and the prices to be

paid for the fime, and the time or times when fuch works (hall

be cotnpleated, and the penalties to he paid or fuffered in cafe

of nonperformance thereof, and the lame (hall be executed by

feven or.more of the faid,commiflioners, and alfo- by the-peifon

or

Digitized by

Google

gZo

Commiflion-ers to order payment of annuities, and all monies due for building.

For recovering money belonging to fuitors of the court now in the hands of clerks, &c.

Anno dccimo nono Georgii III. c. 6S.	Ll77&

pr perfons contracting to perform fuch works refpeCUvely; and, previous to their entering into fuch contract, fourteen dajs notice at leaft (hall be given, in one or more of the poblick jiewfpapers, circulated within the bills of mentality, expreffiog the intention of fuch contract, and the time and place of meeting of the commiflioners to receive propofals for entering into the fame.

IX.	And for the better regulating the payment of the /aid annuity i)r annuities, and of the money which may be expended in the building andfinijbing the jaid court-bouje and offices, be it further ena&cd. That the (aid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, at any fuch general meeting or meetings as aforetaid, (halt (by warrant, in writing under their hands, directed to fuch penbo or perfons as (hall be chofen treafurcror treafurers by the authority of this act) order or direCt the payment of the faid annuity or annuities, and alfo all fuch monies as (hall be due and payable for the building and finifhing of the faid court-houfe and ojEces, to the perfon or perfon6 intitled to receive the fame re-fpcCtively, as the fame (hall become due; and fuch treafurer or treafurers (hall, upon receipt of fuch warrant or warrants, forthwith pay the fame out of the monies which (hall be in his or tbtir hands as aforefaid, by virtue of, or under this ad, and fuch warrants when paid (hall be allowed in account to fiich treafurer or treafurers, upon the fettling or auditing of his or their accounts with the faid commiflioners, in manner as directed by this aCt.

X.	And whereas there are in the hands of the prefent and farmer clerks of the faid courts and of the reprefentatives of clerks deuajei, divtrs and confederate fums of money, which were paid into the fad court for the ufe of the fuitors thereof but hove not yet been calkd for or claimed by the perfons intitled to receive the fame* although the fame have been fo paid in for the fpace of fix years and upwards: and the faid commiffiorurs being defirous that the faid money Jboulil bo hid out and invejied in fome government fecurity», that the fame may be forth-coming to the Jevrral fuitors in the faid court, %vho art etui tied thereto, when they jhall demand the fame refpefiivtly ; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be law ful to and for the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of t hem, at any general meeting to be held after the palling of this aCt, to demand the monies fo in the hands of any of the faid prefent or former clerks of the frid-court, and alfo the faid monies in the hands of or due from the reprefentatives of any cJer k of the faid court who is deceafed; and if, upon (bch mat >d, the fame or the payment thereof (hall be refuted, it be 1 awful for the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more thern, at my fuch general meeting, to fue tor and recover t fome by a&ion or actions upon the cafe, in any of his Msgefty couirts of record at K^eftminfter^ in the name of the treaibrer treafurers to be appointed by the authority of thisad, in wbkl adi pn or a&ions it (hall be fufficient for the faid treafurer irerdurors to dedarc that the defendant or defendants Is or u

indebt!

Digitized by LjOoq le

1779*? Anno dccinoo nom> GffofcQU IIL c. 6K	381

indebted to fuch treafurer or treafams, m the fom of money which (hall be fo demanded of fuch defendant or defendants rcfpcftively, for fo much had and received, for the ufe of the commiffioners of the court of requefta for the Tower Hamlets * and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall recover in fuch a&ion or aftioos, he or they (hall be iotitkd to his or their full cofts, and (hall have the like remedy feu* the fame by law as plaintiffs have for recovery of cofts in other cafes.

XI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Bond* entered That upon payment or recovery of the monies which (hall be J^r^and filed for, or due from the (aid clerks, or from the reprefentative th^r fureties, or representatives of any deceafed clerk or clerks, in manner as to be delivered aforefaid, the bond or bonds which was or were entered into by op and can-fuch clerk or clerks, and their refpe&ive fureties, to the faid ££e morT^Iri commiflioners, upon his. or their being chofen fuch clerk or thetamdfof clerks of the faid court, (hall be, and is and are hereby declared tbefaid clerks to be void and of no cfficd,and (hall be delivered up to be can- it recovered. N celled; and fuch clerk and clerks, and the feveral other obligors or fureties in the faid bonds mentioned refpedhvdy, (hall thereupon be fully and abftdmety relcafed and difeharged from their laid rcfpedhvc bonds or obligations, and of and front all claims anddemands by the fuitors, or any other perfon whadbever,fo* or on account of the monies fo recovered or paid as. aforefaid.

XIL Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That when Money now and lb foon as the (aid monies, or any. part thereof, (hall be tlJc Jj*1*** recovered as aforefaid^ the faid commiflioners (hall, and are ^lon^ir to* hereby required to lay out and inveft the fame in three per the fuitors, centum confolidated bank annuities, or in fome other govern- thall (when ment fecurity, in the name of any tjhree perfons to be chofen, recovered) be by the faid commiflioners, or the major part of them, at any frich general meeting, as truftees for that purpofe * and fuch fecurity. three truftees, and their fucceffors, to be appointed as by this a<St is directed, (hall (land and be pofleffed of the fame for the ilfes and purpofes hereinafter mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. If the fuitors That if any perfon or perfons intitled.to.any of the money fo demand thein already paid into the faid court upon the account aforefaid, and in^efta. which is directed to be laid, out and inverted in manner above- C(jf t^e tr^tk mentioned, (hall at any time after the palling of this adt demand furer to pay the fame of the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of it* ***& f«W‘ them, when in court, the fame (hall be a charge upon thc faid money fo laid out and inverted in manner as aforefaid j and the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, (hall, and are hereby required to order the money which (hall be fo demanded to be paid to the perfon or perfons intitied to receive the fame, immediately after fuch demand (hall be made, and the fame (hall thereupon be paid to fuch perfon or perfons accordingly, by the treafurer or treafurers appointed.or chofen as aforefaid, from any lum. or turns of money in his or their hands; and the faid commiflioners (hall, and are hereby required to direct fo much flock to. be fold, as (hall be ncceflary

to

Digitized by v^ooQle

v

gga	Anno	decimo nono GeorgitHI. c.6%; r*7H

to replace the fame, from time to time; as the'faid cortitoftSon-ers lhall think fit.	»

XIV. And as to all fuch money as JhaW or may bebereafter pdl If the money into the J,aid court for or on account cf the fuitors thereof? (and wtetv hereatt^r pa^d not ^ ^aimed ttnd taken cut of the /aid court, within tbe ffee into court is °f.ftx >'ears aft£r the fame Jhall have been fo paid in?) be it ettofted not claimed by the authority aforefaid, That the laid commiflibners BWf, by the fuitors and are hereby required, at the expiration of the faid fix yfcan

^ar^after it next a^ter ^lIc^ mon^es ^ave been P3^ *n as aforebid, i^paicf irf^the t0 ^ay out and invert the fame from tfcneto time in the purchafc commiflioners of three per centum confolicfated bank annuities, or fame other may place it on government fecurity, in the name of any three perfons,, to-be S°'ucf",pcat chofen by the faid commiflioners, in manner as by this aft h ecur y # direfted with refpeft to the faid monies which have been already paid into the faid court; and their fucceflors to be in like man-bat if claimed ner chofen or appointed as truftees for that purpofe; and if anr by fuch fuitors perfon or perfons intitled to any of the money which (half be (s after tbeexpi. hereafter paid into the faid court upon the account afbre&d, yean"(hall be anc* w*Mch not *iave been demanded until after the expin-paid to them tion of fuch fix years, (hall at any time afterwards demands immediately, fame of the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, wjhen in court, the faid commiflioners, or any three or more et them, (hall, and are hereby required to order the money which lhall be fo demanded, to be paid to the perfon or perfons Unified to receive the fame, immediately after fuch demand fhali be made, and the fame lhall thereupon be paid to fuch perfon m perfons accordingly, by the faid treafurer or treafurers, hom any fum or fums of money in his or their hands; and the faid commiflioners lhall, and are hereby required to direftf fo modi of the money, fo to be laid out and inverted after the expiration of fuch fix years, to be fold, as lhall be neceffary to replace the fame, from time to time, as the faid commiflioners lhall think fit, until the whole thereof lhall be fo applied and difpofedof; any thing in this or the faid former aft contained to the contrary notwithftanaing*	-

The intereft* XV. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authb-^the'mone18 af°re^aiC^> That the intereft and dividends, as w£l] of the placed ouHjy ^ tr)oncy already paid into the faid court, and hereby antfio-•hecommif. rized to be fued for and inverted as aforefaid, as of all fuch other fioners (hall be money as lhall or may at any time hereafter be paid into the

applied • ^ court Up0n the account aforefaid, (and which lhall belaid towards the -	-

reparation,	out and inverted in any government fecurity, at any time «ef

&c. of the*	the expiration of fix years from the time of paying in the fame,

comt-houfe. as by this aft is direfted), or fo much thereof as (ball remain

unclaimed by the faid fuitors of the faid court, as aforefaid,

lhall from time to time be paid 3nd applied in repairing, and

keeping in repair, the faid court-houfe and offices hereby

authorized to be built as aforefaid, and for infuring the fame, j

and defraying all taxes and other expences attending the laid I

court-houfe and offices, in fuch manner as they the faid Coro- j

. mifljoncis, or the major part of them at any general meeting

or

Digitized by ^ooQle

*779*3 Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c.68.	383

or meetings to be held as by this a£t is direded, (hall from timfe to time judge necofiary for thofe purpofes refpcdively.

, XVI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid* in cite the That when and as often as any one or more of the faid three Truftees, in truftees in whom or in wbofe name the faid monies (hall by "h°rc nam«* the authority of this ad be laid out and inverted refpedively a* (hall^cp^laced aforefaid, (hall happen to die, the faid commifiioners* cfr any out at intercity feven or more of them, at any general meeting to be held as by ffiall die, the (his ad is direded, ffialU and are hereby required, by writing commiffionert tinder their hands and feals* to appoint one other perfon or ^££5? perfons to be a troftee or truftees, in the room of him or them lb dying, and thereupon fuch new trdftee or truftees (hall, together with, the furvivor or furvivors of the (aid truftees firft chofen*. and their fucceflbrs, ftand. and be pofiefled of the (aid monies, fo placed out and ipvefted, upon the trrifts and for the purpofes above-mentioned of and Concerning the fame*

^uid whenever any one of the faid three truftees (hall happen to die, the firft or original number of three (hall from time td titne be filled up in manned as aforefaid.

. XVIL And be it further enaded by the authority afofefaid, Commifllori-; That the faid commifiioners, at any general meeting to be held crIjjiy as aforefaid, or the major pan of them afiembled at fuch meet- *	01	*

ipg, (hall and may, and are hereby required to eled and choofe one or more perfon or perfons to be treafurer or treafurers for the receipt of the faid additional fums ofimoney, hereby charged upon thefeveral fees above particularly mentioned, and of all monies which (hall, at any time after the palling of this ad, be paid for or on account of the purchafe of any annuity or annuities* and other the purpofes of this ad; and the faid treafurer or treafurers (hall continue in his or their office, until another (hall be cbofen in his or their room.

it VIII. And be it further enaded, that the clerks of the Clerki fo ae. faid court (hall account to the faid commifiioners, or any feven ^J^iffioners or more of them, once in every year, or oftener* if they (hall f^addidonal be required fo to do by the faid commifiioners, or any feven of foms to the more of them, at any fuch general meeting or meetings as fees; and for a(fprefaid, for all the faid additional fums charged upon the faid fees, and for all monies which (hall be fo paid into the faid the°fdtort# * epurt as aforefaid; and (hall from time to time pay all the faid monies, (except the fum of one hundred pounds, which (hall always be left in the hands of the faid clerks, to anfwer the /claims of the faid fuitors), and the faid additional fums upon the faid fees, to the faid treafurer or treafurers, whenfoever they (ball be required fo to do by the faid commifiioners, at any fuch general meeting or meetings as aforefaid, or by any feven or Snore of them afiembled at any fuch meeting or meetings.

. XIX. And be it further enaded. That the faid commifliott- Comihifiiort-ers afiembled at any fuch general meeting or meetings as afore- curi^of^hV faid, of any feven or more of them, ffiall and may, and are treafartrj * hereby required to take fufficicnt fecurity of fuch treafurer or treafurers 10 to be eleded and chofen as aforefaid, by bond, or % V o l. XXXII.	C c	©therwife.

Digitized by LjOOQle

3U

who (hall account for all monies re* ccived, & c.

Com million • ers to take cognizance of debts for rettt Under 40 s.

No perfon to recover rent as aforefaid, unlefs he has been in pof-feflion of the premifei, &c. it months preceding the

time for which fuch rent is demarideif.

Anno decimo nooo GeoRGli Ifl. C.68. t *779-

dherwife, to the faid comftitQohcrs, or day (even or nort d them, in any funt not lefs that two thoufand pounds, for tk accounting and due payment, by fuch treafurer or trealkms, of all monies which (hall come to his or their hands, and far the delivery of all books, paper*, and writings, to any fnccasd ing treafurer or treafurers $ and the laid comoiiffionera, m any fifteen or more of theft, aflembled at any fuch general meet1 ing, may difcharge or remove fuch treafurer or trieafuress from his or their laid officer and every fuch treafurer or treafiuets (hall account annually, or oftener, if thereunto retpured by the faid commiffioners, or any fcven or more of them, at any finch general meeting, for all monies by him or threat received and paid, as fuch treafurer or treafurers as aforefaid, on fourteen days previous notice to be given or left at his or thfcir honfc or houfes, or mod ufual place or places of abode, for that punpafc: and the faid treafurer or treafiirers, or his or their cnetuton or adminiflrators, (hall well and truly pay aH fact) monies, as (hall appear to be remaining in his or their hands, tm auditing or fettling fuch accounts, and (hall deliver over all books, pa* pars, and writings, in his or their pofieffion, cuftody, or pester, belonging to the feid commiffioners, or to the laid anon of treafurer, to any/ucceeding treafurer or treafurer*, when them-unto required by the faid commHTtoners, or any (even or doom of them, at any fuch general meeting as aforefiud.

XX. And whereas there are great numbers of mnnufaflurart ami day-labouring people refiding in the Tower Hamlets, whowrrktMr famitit* occupy tenements, or parts 6f tenements, let ty petrol afc-mife, and the expences of recovering of fuch rents bydQion at latv, tnojl commonly exceed the amount of the rent fued /d*, to the groat injury of the landlords of fitch tenements, ana the oppreffion of jboab occupiers; for remedy whereof\ be it ena&ed by the aurbority aforefaid. That it (hall ahd may be lawful to and for the (aid commiffioners to take cognizance of any debt or demand* under1 the value of forty (hillings, for rent of any tenetdeift, or yavt of a tenement, within the Tower Hamlets aforefaid, let by parol demile, (except the precinA of the Tower within;) and alfofor the faid commiffioners to hear and determine On fuch debts and demands, and to award execution, in tbe fame manner as they are authorized to do for any other caufe of adton, any thing ia the faid former ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding. '

XXL Provided always neverthelefs, That the <£rid com* mifiioners (hall not take cognizance of any fuch demand or * claim for rent, unlefs the perfon or peffons making fuch demand or ciaim, or the perfon or perfons in whofe right fuch 1 demand or claim (hall be made, or under whom he or they (hall claim, hath or have been in the *6tual pofieffion of the* faid tenements, or in the adual receipt of rent for the faid tenements, during twelve months immediately preceding the time for which fuch rent (hall be fo demanded ; and provided stlfo that no recovery of rent in the faid court be accepted or given in evidence in fupport of the title of. any perfon or 'perfonr

. • whaifoevtr.

Google

i 779*1 Attno decimoMMlo Gfcokon III. c. 68.	3^5

urbatfoe^, toanylarufe, tenements, or hereditaments what*' fbever.

XXII. Provided ilfo, That nothing herein contained (ball This alt not extend, or be eonftrued to extend* to prevent any perfon or t0 prevent any pcefoosfrom making diftref&fbr or bringing any adtion or afii- ^ft^nmefor' qos for rent, although the. fame (hall not amouht to the fum of rent, s forty (hilling*.

XXIIL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, if defendant That, from and. after the paffing of this adt, in all cafes what- negklts to foever, whenever any debitor or defendant, refiding within the appear to the juritdidton of the feud court, (haH have been duly h*mmoned	the

to appear before the corn mi (Goners in the feid court* ac- pronotfnce cording to the tribal and accwftomed manner of fommoning judgement iif perfana for tharpurpofc, and fuch debtor or defendant (hall re- bis abience; fufe or negieA to appear to fuch fummons, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, when afiembkd in the faid court, upon due proof being lgtade before them that fuch debtor or defendant was duly fum* moned in manner as aforefaid, to proceed to hear the caufe or matter of complaint, touching or concerning fuch debt or debts* on the part of the plantiff or phmtifis only, and to make or pronounce thereon fuch order or orders, or judgement or judges merits, in refpelt of the debt or debts demanded or fued for* as to them (hall feem juft and equitable 2 and the faid commif- anfj ^ fioners, or -any three or more of them, (ball then fix upon and point a certain appoint feme certain time and place, according to their difere- time for him tion, for every Aich debtor or defendant to (hew caufe before the a°a?nft fuch commiffioners of the faid court, or any three or more of them, fug<?gement, againft (uch order, or orders, or judgement or judgements, foseef made and pronounced upon fbch hearing as aforefaid; at which time and place, or at any other fubfequent court or courts, the faid eommiflioners, or any three or more of them, (hall have fall power and authority by this a A (whether fuch perfon or perfons (hall appear or (hew caufe, or not) upon proof, on the oath of one of the beadles of the faid court, (that fuch order or orders, or judgement or judgements, or a copy thereof, had beep delivered to fuch debtor or debtors, or left at his, her, or tlwir ufaai place of refidence, or abode, or working), to award execution thereupon, in like manner as by the faid former alt they are authorized to do in other cafes i and the clerks and beadles of the faid court are, in every fuch cafe, hereby authorised to take and receive the like fees, for the call of the defendant, and making, and ferving or leaving of every fuch order as aforefaid, as they are authorized and impowered to take and receive for or upon any attachment, iflued by virtue of or under this or the faid former alt.

XXIV.	And be it further enalted by authority aforefaid, Attorniesnot That no privilege (hall be allowed to exempt any perfon from the jurifdi&ion of the faid court of requefts on account of his tioo*of the* being an attorney or folicitor of any of the courts at JVeJlminftirj court, or of any other court wbatfoever* but thtf all attomies and fo-

C c 2	licitors

Digitized by L,ooQle

Dire&ions for holding general meetings.

Mo vi&ualler &c. capable of a&ing as a commiiiioner.

Expenses of this ad hoar to be paid.

This aft not to efctend to the precinft of the Tower Within, &c.

Limkatiohs Of aftiont.

General iflue.

Anno decifno rK>^o.GEQ^<5iiIH..c.6X., [*779,

ficitors (hall be fubjeft to, the Several precedes*- orders, judge, ments, and executions of the faid court of requcfts, in Ac (am manner as any other perfons are fubjeft to the fame^by this V the faid former aft.	/

XXV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That no general meeting (hall be held as ^fore&id for any of the purpoles in this or the faid former aft, without the brier of three oir more of the commiffioncrs, made upon one of the court-days in the faid former aft mentioned, whilft they (hail be in court} which faid order (hall be in writing, and fltaB fpecify the particular time and place, and alfo Ac purpofed fuch general meeting, and (hall be regiftered by the clerks then prefent in court, or one of them, and notice thereof in writing, or in print, (hall be delivered to, or left at the ufual place of abode of, all the (aid commiffioncrs refpeftively, by-the beadks of the faid court, or by any other perfon or perfons the com-miifioners requiring fuch general meeting (hall direft, four daw at lead before the holding of each and every filch general meeting rcfpeftively.	^

XXVI.	And be it further enafted, That no viftaallt&^or perfon or perfons whofoever, who (hall fell ale, tifee^ sr (pirituous liquors by retail, (hall be capable of afting as a com-miflioner in the execution of this or the faid former aft.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted. That all the charges and expences of procuring and palling of this prefent aft uiaH bt paid fatisfied and difeharged, out of the fird monies which (ted1 be raifed as aforefaid, by virtue or in purfuance of this aft.

XXVIII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be condrued to extend, to the precinft of the Tower within; nor to redrain the ancient court of record h^d for and within the liberty of the tower of London, from holding plea of any perfonal aftion which (hall arife within the £ud liberty, or to take away, alter, or abridge, any jurifdiftidd, authority, privilege, immunity, or exemption, which the chief governor of the tower, or his deputy or deputies, or any officer or minider or any inhabitants within the faid liberty, enjoys, or enjoy, or ought to enjoy, by virtue of any law, ufage, pit-feription, grant, charter, commiffipn, or otherwife, any thrng herein or in the faid recited aft contained to the contrary not-withdanding.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no aftion or fuit (hall be commenced againll any perlon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, or ou account of any order, determination, judgement, or decree of the faid eommiffioners, until twenty days notice (hall be given thereof in writing, to be left at the office of the clerks of the faid court, or after fufficient (atisfaftion or tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after three calendar months nextafter the caufe of aftion (hall arife; and the defendant or defendant^ fuch aftions and fuits,and every of them, may plead the general iflue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter io evidence

Digitized by

Google

1

1^79-J Anno dedmo nono Geokgii 111. c. 6g.	387

dence at any trial or trials which ihall be had thereupon 1 and if

the plaintiff (hall become nonfuited, or if a verdift or judgement

(hall be given for the defendant or defendants therein, then,

and in either of the faid cafes, fuch defendant or defendants

(halt have double cofts, and (hall have fuch remedy for reco- Double cq&u

vering the feme, as any defendant or defendants may have for

his, her, or their cofts in any cafes by law.

XXX. And be it enaftea by the authority aforefaid. That Public aft. this aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick aft j and (hall be taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

C A P. LXIX.

An act for tbt more effectually preventing the pernicious practices of 4 Snuggling in this kingdom \ and for indemnifying perfons who have been guilty of offences againft the laws of the cujloms and excife, upon the terms therein mentioned.

WHEREAS, in defiance of the feveral laws of cujloms and Preamble.

excife already made, and of the penalties and provifions from time to time enacted for the punijhment of offenders againjl fuch laws; and notwithfianding the grace and clemency lately offered to perfons yjho bad been guilty of Jmuggling offences, great quantities of prohibited and uncuflomea goods, and par titularly of tea* foreign brandy, and other foreign fpirits, continue to be illegally imported into and landed in this kingdom; and fitch goods are run% carried, and con~ veyedj from the fea coafis through the country, as well by fecret frauds and clandefline practices as by open force, and by gangs of daring and diffokte perfons, armed with offenfive weapons, and officiated and affimbled to carry into execution their evil and pernicious purpofes, in fubverfion of all civil authority and power whatfo-ever: and whereas it is become highly neceffary^ for the prefervatian of the publick revenue, the protection of the fair trader, and the quiet and good order of the kingdom, that Jome further provifions Jbould hi made for the better preventing Jucb illegal practices, and for deterring all perfons from committing Jucb offences, or from being aiding and ajfifting therein ; be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent qf the lords fpiri-tualand temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Aft . aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and ,779>ifany*' after the firft of day AugujU one thoufand feven hundred and foreign fpiri-feventy-nine, where any foreign brandy or other foreign fpiri- tuous liquors tuous liquors (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain or into any port, harbour haven, or creek thereof, from part bf* any part of Europe, in any veflel or ca(k which (hall not Europe, in a contain fixty gallons at the lead, (excepting onlv for the ufe of yeflcl contain, the Teamen then belonging to and on board the (nip or veflel in affong™ which the fame (hall be imported, not exceeding two gallons ^e^arn^fhall for each feaman), then not only the faid brandy, and other be forfeited, foreign fpirituous liquors, but alfo the (hip or veflel in which with ti.e (hip, the lame (hall be fo imported, of whatever burthen the fame &0,,#

C c 3	may	(Exception.)

Digitized by

Google

3«8

Anno dedmo nono GfeoRGii 1H. t.69.	[k 779.

may be, with all her guns, fumitui'e, afaonmirioni tackle, and apparel, (hall be forfeited and left.

After Aug.», II. And it is hereby further enaifted by the authoritytfatflM, ,779> wocii That, from and after the faid firft day tsfAugtfi, one tboofatoA fn/ Mother ^cven hundred and feventy-Oin©, When ariy tea* caffiee^idrcSjgn goods, sue brandy, or other foreign 'fpirituoto liquors, or any gbodfc Wtifcv liable to for- foever, are liable to forfeiture for being found on aboard any feiture for be- (hips or veflels coming or arriving frottiTOreign pahs, at *b&dr, bg ft? or hovcr,nS within the limits xn any of *the pdrtspf this king-^orn» or within two leagues of the cotfts thereof, orfor hfrWirj; foreign part?, been difeovered to have been within the limits of any at anchor, &c. trary to any aft of parliament now in force, the (hip or veflel, th^coaft^the ^ com*n2 or arriving from any part of Europe, on board which faid^ip^if * *uch goods (hall be fo found, together with all her guns, fur-* not above 100 niturc, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, (hell ’be fotfcfrefl,-tom, (ball be provided fuch (hip or veflel doth not cticoed *he b(tirfheh 'of forfeited, with two hundrded tons, rgung,^ 'c,	J[{	jnj whereas by an afl, made in the eighth year ef ihi

***s ^te maJefy &!*& George thefirji, it'was, smongff -other ' * * things, enabled, That if any boat, wherry, pinnate, barge, or gtofaj, rowing, or made or built to row, with more than four ear*, fbemU be found upon the water, or in any place within tie counties of Mid-dlefex, Surrey, Kent, or Eflex, or in the river Thames, either above or below London Bridge, or within the limits of the spores London, Sandwich, or Ipfwich, fuch boat, wherry, pmwaes, barge, or galley, with all her tackle and furniture, or the wAtf thereof, JhouU be forfeited, and the owner or owners thereof, or oap perfon fifing or rowing the fame, Jbould alfo forfeit and loofe the Jim of forty pounds; in which add it was provided, that the faid aST Jbould not extend to any barge or galley belonging to his Mfljsfif, any of ike royal family, or to any long-boat, yaul, or pinnate* Af-longing to or ufed in the fervice of any merchant Jhip or veffit, srse any fuch boat, wherry, pinnace, large, *or galley, as Jbould be lb* cenfei by the lord high admiral, or commijjioners for executikg fthe office of lord high admiral, or the major part of them for tbeltime being, upon fujfficient fecurity to be given to his Majefiy, i is heirs fucctjfors, by the owner or owners of fuch boat, wherry, pinxau, barge, or galley, as in the faid all is direfled, with condition that gfk fame Jbould not be made ufe of in the clandefiine running of unutjhmed and prohibited goods: and whereas it may be a means to prevent tied difeourage the perniciouspraflice of fmuggling, if the like penalties, fir*

,	feitures, and refiriflions, were extended to fuch boats and other veffeh

as are mide or built to row, or are found rowing with more tbs* fix The faid aft, oars, within any other part of this kingdom 5 be it therefore enabled* fo far as it re- by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the faid firft la re* to boats, day 0f Augufl, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine* buHtVo row l*ie *n Part rec‘tei* aft, anc* the feveral claufes, penalties, with more forfeitures, and reftriftions, therein contained, (not altered by* thanfouroars, this aft), fo far as the fame relate to boats, wherries, pinnaces, witinn th* barges, or gallies, towing, or made or built to row, with more ^mentioned' than Gars, within the counties and fJaece do the (aid

'	'	mentioned^

Digitized by ^ ooQle

1779-J Anno decimp nono Georgii III. c. 6gl	389

mentioned, (hall extend, and be conftrued to extend, to all (ball be ex. boats, wherries, pinnaces, barges, gallies, or other veflels whatsoever, rowing, or made or built to row, with more than buiktorow ' fix oars, which (hall be found, either upon the larid or water, with more within any harbour, port or place whatfoever, in any other thaoixoar* part of Great Britain, or within two leagues of the coaft thereof, q iubjpd neverthelefs to the feveral exceptions relative thereto as nttx0# in the (aid recited alt is and are particularly provided.

IV.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enaded, That nothing This aft not herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the to **tend to commanders of any of his Majc&y’s (hips or veflels, or veflels employed in the tranfport fervice, with refped to foreign fpiri- jetty’s (hips,ot tuous liquors put on board them, to be iflfued by way of allow* transit • xnce to the re(pediv* (hips companies, or troops put on board veffek, Sec. $ them.

V.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing in this nor to tow* ad (hall be conftrued to extend to boats commQnly called Taw- bqats inthe boats, (ufed in towing (hips or veflels) belonging to licenfed P°rt9^woL pilots within the port and juriididion of the city of BriftoL

VI.	And it is further enaded by the authority aforefeid, Ship* and That the (hips, veflels, and boats, forfeited by this ad, (hall boats forfeited and may be feized and arrefted by any officer or officers of the g cuftoms or excife; and (hall and may be profecuted, condemn j any officer of • ed, and recovered, in the fame manner as other (hips and cuftoms or veflels are direded to be profecuted, condemned, and recovered, extifr.

by an ad, made in the third year of the reign of his prelent Majefty, (intituled. An aft for the further improvement of his Maiefty's revenue of cuftoms, and for the encouragement of officers making feizures, and for the prevention of the clandeftine running of

ioods into any part of bis Majeftfs dominions) 5 and that when any vnm hip, veflel, or boat, liable to forfeiture by this ad, which, by Oiip,f &c. fliall any ad or ads of parliament now in force, is after condemna* befeized stare tion liable to he burnt or deftroyed, or to be ufed in bis Ma- wr jetty’s fervice, lhall be feized by any officer of cuftoms or excife theirhSls as forfeited, and the fame (hall -pot be thought (it or neceflary. may be brok-to be ufed in his Majefty’s fervice, it (hall and may be la wful en up and fold, for the refpedive commiflioners of cuftoms and excife, after condemnation, to dired the hull of every fuch (hip, Veflel, or boat, to be broken up, and the materials of every fuch hull to be fold to the beft advantage, and the prbduce thereof to be di-vided iii the fame manner as the produce of the tackle, furniture, and apparel, of (hips, veflels, and boats, burnt and deftroyed, is now direded to be divided; and no writ of delivery (hall be jn vhat cafes granted out of the court of exchequer for any fuch (hip, veflel, writs of de-or boat, fo feized by any officer of the cuftoms or excife, and &vcry may ** which by any former ad relating to the cuftoms or excife is di- fhc^xctScuer reded to be burnt or deftroyed, or to be ufed in his Majefty’s tor Sips, fervice, and which is hereby liable to be broken up, unlefs the &c. officer fcizing the fame (hall delay proceeding to the trial and condemnation thereof for the fpace of three terms \ and in that cate, not without good fecurity being given, in double the

C c 4	value

ftp

Anno dedmo noao Georgii U<i. £.£9- [ <779*

talue of fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, tp return the^iamc upatt condemnation, in order to be broken tip, or pfed in hi? Majefty9^ -fervice.

VII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforetaid* That, from and after the faid firft day of Jugufl, one thoe&ad feven hundred and fcventy-nine, in all cafes where thcotikcro of cuftcims or excife (hall difcover and find on board any (hiper veflel, coming and arriving from foreign parts, within the fe* prits of any ot the ports of this kingdom, more than one. bun--dred pounds weight of tea, not being in (hips belonging to or

Penalty of 3001, on the matter of any (hip coming from abroad having'more than 100

pounds of tea  ___ _____ _	^	^	^

^ houiU^oot	by	the united company of merchants oT Eagkml

India STip)}* trading to the Eajl Indies ; or more than pne hundred gaUnes or more than * of foreign brandy, or of other foreign fpiritupus liquors, over lopgaHon* of and above the quantity of two gallons for every fcaroan. tbox ^bef^f ^ fpjrit* belonging to aqd on board fuch (hip or veflel, and betDgfn gafloni for°	calks under fixty galloris; the mafter, or other perfon having or

each feaman	taking the charge of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall forfeit the him ad

on board),	three hundred pounds ; and it (hall and may be lawful infecA

***?&	cafe for any officer or officers of the cuftoms or exoife, and ibe

lons^ ^ other perfons ailing in their aid and affiftapee, and they astd:

♦	' r	eac^ °f them is and are hereby authorifed to arreft, take, and

cufto*” or	detain, the faid matter or other perfon fo having the charge or

excifemay	command of fuch (hip or veflel, and to carry and convey

arreft, fuch . the perfon fo taken before any one of his Maiefty’s jufttcesef^ matters, ice, fhe peace, refiding near to tne place where fuch. (hip or-veflet.

(lull then be, or where fuch perfon (hall be arretted, and takcct> and the perfon fo carried and conveyed (hall be obliged to enter into a recognizance to his Majetty, bis heirs and fucceflbrs*-be« fore fuch juftice, in the fum of three hundred pounds, (which recognizance fuch juftice is hereby authorifed ^nd required itn take;, with condition to enter an appearance in the courtsof exchequer ip England and Scotland refpc&ively, within the fiefl four days of the term next enfuing fuch arreft, to any infer*

,	mation which (hall or may be exhibited againft him; amt fuch

1‘uttice (hall, and he is hereby required forthwith to trenfmit very fuch recognizance to the King’s remembrancer in fuch of the faid refpedtive courts; and if fuch perfop (hail refofe to enter into fuch recognizance as aforefaid, then fuch juftice (hatt " commit fucH perfon to the next county gaol, there to re{nata until he (hall enter into fuch recognizance.

After Aug. t. ‘ YHI. And it is further ena&ed by the authority aforefakl^ 1779, officer*? That, from and after the faid firft day of Augujl> ope thopfand ofc^otioMoj feven hundred and feventy-nine, it (hall and may be lawfulfar v theiraffiftant* anY °®ceir or officers of the cuftoms or excife, and for all other > ma\ arreft all* perfops a&ing iq their aid and aflittance, to arreft, flop, and do* tain, all and every perfon aqd perfons who (hall be found aiding or affifting in unlbipping to be laid on land any tea, foreign, brandy, or other foreign fpiritqous liquors, or any goods or mef> chanijizes whatsoever, (cuftoms and other duties not being firfb* paid or fecured,) or which are of may be prohibited to beipa^ • ported into thi? kingdom; aqd fuch officer or officers* aqd all *	’	f	*	*	per (bos

L.

perfons found aiding in qn-flum^ng an. cultomed of prohibited goods j

and carry

Digitized by L^ooQle

1779-) Anno dedoianono Georg 11 III. c. 69.

perfotis a&iog in thcir aid^n^ affiftancc, (hall forthwith carry them before

and convey the faid perfon or perfons before one or more of a justice, who

his Majefty’s juftices of the peace refiding.near to the place

where fuch offences (hall be committed; and fuch juftice or jut*

ticcs (hall, if he or they fee caufe, commit foch perfon or perfons	..

to the next county goal, there to remain, without bail or main-

priae* until the next general quarter feffions of the peace to be

holdcn for the fame county or place, to be tried and dealt with

as by this ad is herein-after directed.

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Two or mote That, from and after the firft day of Auguft^ one tboufand feven fot*-htmdred and feventy-nine, if any perfons, to the number of two ^

orzmore in company, (hail be found palling in any part of this or in difguife; kingdom with one or more horfe or horfes, or with any cart with anyhortl or. carriage, whereon there (hall be laden or put more than fix pounds weight of tea, or foreign brandy, or other foreign fpiri- mor^tban fit tuous liquors, exceeding the quantity of five gallons, hot hav- pounds of tat* ing paid the refpedive duties by law charged thereon, and not or five gallon* having an authentick permit or permits with the fame; and (hall «^^uta cany any offenfive arms or weapons, or wear any vizard, ma(k, or other difguife, when paffing with fuch tea, or foreign fpiritu- *	»

out liquors, as aforefaid ; it (hall and may be lawful for any of- may be aftvftw ficer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, and all other perfons «d by any of-ading in their aid and afliftance, to flop, arreft, and detain, the t^7oreXc|L poefon and perfons fo palling as aforefaid, in whofe charge, care, an<j carried puftody,or pofieffion, the laid tea, foreign brandy, or other before a juT* foreign fpirituous liquors, or either of them, (hiall then be found: dee, and the (aid officer and officers* and the perfons ading in their * aid and afliftance, (hall and may, and they ar£ hereby authorifed to convey the perfon or perfons, fo offending as aforefaid, be* fore any one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace; who; who may if he or they fee caufe, (half commit the offender or offenders to coffimittMfe the next county goal, thereto remain, without bail or mainprize^ till the next general quarter feffions of the peace of the county or place, to be tried and dealt with as by this ad is herein-after diveded,

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid* Any perfofl* That if, from and after the faid firft day of Auguft, one thoufand after Aug. u feven hundred and fevdnty-nine, any perfon or perfons whatfo* *779*

ever (hall aflault, refift, oppofe, raoleft, obftrud, or hinder, any * officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife in due feizing or fc* cuftoms at-curing any coffee, tea, cocoa-nuts, chocolate, foreign brandy, or excife in felt-other foreign fpirituous liquors, or any other goods whatfoevef WJ> uncnftom* which by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife (hall or ^	*

may be liable to be feixed by virtue of or in purfuance of any ad now in force ; or fhall by force or violence refeue, or (hall or (haH at-caufe to be refeued, any of the faid goods, after the fame (hall nave been feized by fuch officer or officers as aforefaid, or (hall cu< *	»

attempt or endeavour fo to do; or, after fuch feizure, (hall cut, or foall Have, break* or otherwife deftroy or damage, any casks, veflela* boxes, or package, wherein the fame refpedively (hall be con* whicb.fuch fained; it (hall and may be lawful to and for the officers of the goods (hall be

Cuftoms contained |

Digitized by

Google

39*

may be arreft-od by the officer*, &c-and carried beta* a joftice, who may commit the offender.

Officers to enter into re-ixignixance to profecuu.

Charges of prosecution to

be paid by rcoeiver-general of cultoms or jeaccife. Perfcns committed as a* forefaid to be tried by the

Quarter fef-onss

vision, (hall commit the offender to hard labour in the houfe of correction p£ the county, ftc.

.But if fetch convift /hall be deemed a proper perfon to ieeve bis MAUftyby land or fed. the juttices (hall deKvfcr him over to the proper officer.*

Anno dedmo nano Georoii III. c. 6$.	[1779.

cuftoms and cxcife, and for all periods ading in their aid and affiftaoce, to flop, arreft, and detain, all and every the perfect and perfons fo offending, and him, her, or than, forthwith carry and convey before one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, near to the place where the offence (hall be ran-milted or done; and the jpftice or juftices (ball, if he or they fee caufe, commit the perfon or perfons, fo brought before him or them, to the next county goal, until the next general quarter feflions of the peace to be bolden for the fame county orplaoe, there to be tried and dealt with as by this adt is hcrctn-after di-reded.

XL And be it further ea?ded by the authority aftmefiud. That the officer or officers who (ball convey any offender, ar-refted by the authority of this ad, before any jufhee of the pence as aforefaid, (hall, in cafe fitch offender fhall be committed 10 the county gaol as a forefaid, enter into a recognizance to his hid Majefty, bis heirs and fucceffors, before fuch juftice, in the boa of forty pounds, conditioned to appear at fuch general quarter feffione of the peace, and to profecute the perfon 4b committed; and the cammtfiioners of cuftoms and excifc refpcftivdy axe hereby direded and required to order the charges of ftach prosecution to be paid out or any money in the hands of the receiver-general of the cuftoms and excue ccfpedively, anting by nay branch of the revenue under their rdpedive-managenaexu.

XII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afewftid. That where any perfon or perfons (Kail be arrefted, detained, and committed as aforefaid, for any offence agaioft this aft, to any county gaol, there to remain until the next general quarter feffions as atorefaid, it (hall and may be lawfulrfcr the juftices at fetch ieffioos, and they are hereby authprifedand required amine, hear, try, and determine, afl and every fuch /offence and offences; and if the perfon or perfons fo committed.as afbre-Jsid, (hall be duly convided before them of any offence ogatnft this ad, then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and 49ay he lowfeil for the laid juftices, at fuch general .quarter feffions, and efaey are hereby refpedively authorised and required, in lieu +£ any other punifhment to which fuch offender or offenders might be liable for the fame offence by any former ad, to commjcfuch perfionor perfons to hard labour in the houfe.of corre&too. of the county, city, town, or place, there to remain for a term att exceeding three years, nor lefs than one year.

XIII.	Provided always. That if any perfon fo ootm6ke4 fbatt be approved of by any officer of his: Majefty Viand forces or fleet, as an able and proper perfon to fcrve.hi* Majefty, k IhaU and may be lawful for the (aid juftices, at fetch general quarter feffions, and they are hereby refpedively authoriied and required, in lieu of any other punilhment to which fetch offender spay he liable by this or any former ad for the fame offence or offences, to order and adjudge .every fuch offender 40 fjprve his Majefty. as 1 foldier or failor, and to caufc.fuch man to be ddi-voted over to. jueh officer of his Majefty ’s land forces -or 'fleet,

fetch

Digitized by v^ooQle

1779*1 Anno derimo aono<5eoroh 111. e.69. 39$ fuch offic et giving a receipt under ids 'hand acknowledging whet then are fo delivered to him, which receipt fuch officer is here* by required to. give; and foch officer may, in cafe he (hall find . jtnbeeffary, detain fach oiafi mfotne fecure hoofe or {dace no perfon fo delivered in pw (bonce of dm a A (hail be liable to be taken Oat of bis Majeftyb fervice by any procefs other than for feme criminal matter.

XTV. And be H further enabled by the authority aferefeid, ft juftices, at That if the faid juftices in their feffions (hall not be attended, at the time of the time of convi&ing foch offender or offenders as aforefaid, conviflmgany byTome proper officer of his -Majefty’* land forces or fleet, it (bail and may be lawful for the frid juftices to adjourn them* tended by a feives to feme other convenient day, and to give fuch dite&iens proper officer, as they (halt think proper for fecuring foch offenders as afore- they may ad. fafd, and to caufe nonce to be given to any foch officer of the i^JenCttee day and place of fech adjournment; and fuch officer is hereby thereof to required to attend, or appoint feme other per (bn to attend, the officer, who faid juftices at fuch adjournment, and to receive fuch pwfons as fl,al1 attend ia fheyfhatt adjudge or order to be fo delivered as aforefaid, jn Cafe	or

fitch officer (hall approve of fach perfon or perfons as able and p proper toferve his Majefty in manner aforefaid.

XV. And it is htereby farther enabled by the authority afore- Juftices may faid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid juftices to im-1 *evya pofe upon any gamer, or keeper of any houfe of correAion, or	■

of any'prifen, who fhafl fafferany perfon, committed to his cu(.' ing anelcape* tody in ipurfaance of this atfty toefcape, or upon any conftafele,' or an pari/h-, hcedboroegh, tithingman, orpsrtfhor town officer, for every officers for 1 wilful negleA or default in the execution of-any warrant, order, i of precept, to them, or any of them, diseAsd in purfuance of cution of * j s this *&, a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and to caufe every warrants, &c^

1 fuch fine to be kvied bydtftjofs and fale'of she offender’s goods,1 ) renrdering rhe overplus (if any,) to the owners, and'to pay the	,	,

1 faid'ftne to shetrifonner br informers.

r, XVI. And be 'it fattber enaAed by the authority aforefaid, The fecond -, That the juftices, upon fach'con viAioti as aforefaid, anddfcli- *»d <i«h (ec-i weryof fuch perfons to focb officer or officers receiving fuch arttiti rf-war 1 perrons as aforefaid, feall caufe the fecond and fixth feAiorts of againftmutiny , the articles of war agahtft mutiny and defertion to be read to and defertioiT , the.perfon fotobe delivered as aforefaid, in the prefence of the tubereadtotha , faid juftices; artd (he faid juftices (hall tender toevery fach per-fon the oath mentioned mthe third feAion <of the articles of s„,j the"

, war; and the faid juftices (hall, and they are hereby required oath tendered (forthwith to certify under their hands, that fudh perfon or per- to them.

, ferns is or are ordered and adjudged to ferve his Majefty, fetting Juftices tocer.

, forth'rhe name, age, parifh, and laft place of bbode. Of him or tify that fuch , them refpeAively, if known, and that the fecond and fixth feAl- •^[udted^o Ohs of the articles of waragainft mutiny and defertion wereread rjve £ii Mato him or them, and that he orthey had taken the oath menti-'jefty.&c.

,ocsed ht the laid articles Of war, or had refufed to take the faid	_	.

oath; and fhall ddjver fuch certificate, together-with ftich man* wh»cb or men, to the laid officers orqperfoos-appoioted to reecive	: ^a/th’ fuch *f

“	2nd	men, (hall be

Google

394

delivered to the proper officers, and they (hall be thereupon deemed to be inlifted.

An entry to

Anno dccuno nono Georgij HI. c. 69. f[f77f

and fuch mah or men (hall thereupon be deemed and taken t be inlifted, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, and (hail and may be proceeded againft as if he or they had taken the 6ad oath according to the faid articles of war ; and the faid juffices (hall alfo forthwith caufe an entry or memorial to be made, in a book or books to be kept by them, or by the clerks d# tie peace of the county or place, for that pnrpofe, bf the names of bp made of the the men fo delivered as aforefaid, the ages, pariflies, and place ^nd^acesof	k®	ab°dc»	they can be known, and of the timeani

Sboief&c. of place when and where fuch men were delivered to the fakf ofi-the men lo de- cers or perfons appointed to receive them, and the names of tie livcred, and oficers or perfons who received them, and for what regiment oF the officers Qr COfnP?nY» or Wp* they were fo received; and (han ao* who received true copies or duplicates of fuch entries attcfted by the fad nrf* them, &c. tices or the clerk of the peace, within forty days after the deS-vering fuch men as aforefaid, to be tranfmitted into the (At . . of the fecretary at war, or into the office of the commifEoBm /	for executing the office of lord high admiral.

Perfons ad- XVII. And, tor the more effectually preventing any frsto&cr judgedroferve abufes that may be pra&ifed in the difeharging of fuch pearibes, bis Majefty oy be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfei aJtfonlefs^* w*10 kG ordered and adjudged to ferve his Majefty as K-difabkd by dier or as a Tailor, by virtue of this aft, and fhidl have been Jp-accident, &c.) proved of as aforefaid, (hall, on any account, during thctpna Ihali not be of five years, unlefc difabled within-tnat time by xmavoidihieac-A r~‘	cidont or bodily infirmity, be di (charged from his Majefty^ fcr-

vice \ and any officer of his Majefty’s land forces, marines, or fra fervfce, who (hall prefume, knowingly and wilfully, tdtfif-charge any perfon fo rnifed, levied, and delivered over, as afore-frid, contrary to this ,*6t, or (haU, by falfe mufter or certificate, pr in cpnfideration of a gratuity of any kind, 'tt by any dfccr collufive or evafive ways or means whatfoever, fuffer or pennk any fuch perfon to avoid the adtuaL fervice hereby mtehded, pvery fuch officer (ball, for fuch offence, be cafhiered.

XVIII. And, for the better proventmgthe clandcftine frit and difpofal of coffee, tea* cocoa-nuts, chocolate, foreign? brandy, or Other foreign fpirituous liquors, whereby the illegal importafitm and running of fuch goods is greatly encouraged, and that innocent perfons may not unwarily be rendered liable to penalties, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That, from and

dlfchsrged within five years, nor suffered to avoid aftqal

frryice.

Officers offending herein fo be pa-ftjered.

Afi«r Aug* 1 9*

dfuggift, grocer, or piher Perfon,

Who (hall fell

Coffee, tea or W 41 imsihvi atacicu uy uw dumujjij niviviaiu, a uai, iiuui aim cocoa9nuts or aftcr ^hefirft day of /iitgufi, one thousand feven hundred and fe-make or *	venty-nine,every druggift, grocer, chandler, coffee-houfe keeper,

tell chocolate, chocdlate-houfe keeper, and all and every other perfon pr per-be ’ a^teV0 I***15* ^o	a	kller	°^» or dealer ,n> coffee, tea, cocoa-

oVe^the^oor nqt8’ or °f aTiy or cither of them, or (hall be a maker or feller of his (hop, of chocolate, (nail caufe to be painted or written in large legihk I?c. the words charaAers over the door of each and every (hop, coffee-Roofe, {'ft* Ye0"’ c^oc°iatc‘hou^ olhcr place, by him, her, or them rdpec-orf penalty of tively tnade ufe of fo* the keeping coffee, tea, cocoa-nuts, or *oo/.	chocolate, the words dealer in coffee, tea, cocoa-nuts, or cbociteti,

the cafr may be, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of two

hundred

Digitized by LjOOQle

>779A •'Artno.dedma-nono Georoii III. t.6gl	§9$

hundred pounds for every (hop, coffee-houfe, chocolate-houfe,

>r place, which, from end after the faid firft day of Aitgufi, one Lhouland feven hundred and feventy~nine, (hall be (b made ufe of by any fuch druggift, grocer, chandler, coffee-houfe keeper, chocolate- houfe keeper, or any other peifon or perfons, who (hall be a feller or dealer as aforefaid refpe&ivdy, without having the faid words painted or written thereon as aforefaid t And that, from and after the faid firft day of Augufi, one thoufand feven And every hundred and feventy-nine, all and every importer for lale, or|®P°rtc>;^ dealer in foreign brandy, arrack, rum, (pints, or other foreign flrong waters, who (hall fell the fame, either by whdefele or rituoui ii. P retail, (hall caufe to be painted or written in large legible charac- quors, (hall ters, over the outer door, or in the front, or on fome confpicu- caufe to be ous part of each and every, houfe, (hop, warehotife, ftorehoufe, [^"outer^8*^ cellar, vault, and other places by him, her, or tbedi refpedively, door, or in made jufe of for the keeping of foreign brandy, or other foreign the front of foirituoua liquors, the wolds import# of, or dealer ini foreign h,s hou^» && Jpirituous liquors, upon pain of forfeiting, for every fuch (hop,	0f

warehoufe, ftorehoufe, cellar, vault, or other place, which, from 0r dealer in, and after the (aid firft day of Augnft, one thoufand feven hun- foreign fpiri-dred and feventy-nine, (hall be fo made ufe of by any fuch im- tucuii liquor*, porter, feller, or dealer refpedlively, without having the faid words painted or written as is hereby dirtded, the fum of fifty 50 * pounds.

. XIX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid^ Additional That if any dealer or dealers in tea, coffee, cocoa-nuts, or cho* penalty of colate, (hall buy or procure, or employ any oerfon to buy for *00 f. on every him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their ufe, any tea, coffee, cocoa-nuts, or chocolate, of any other perfon or perfons than of nuts, or cbo* a dealer in fuch commodities, over the door of whofe (hop, colate, and 1 coffec-houfe, chocolate-houfe, and other place by him, her, or °n every deal* them refpedively made ufe of for the keeping of coffee, tea, co- fpirftUouVfl? coa-nuts, or chocolate, (hall be painted or written, as aforefaid, quors, refpec-the words dealer im coffee, tea9 cocoa-nuts, or chocolate, as the cafe tively, who (hall be, every fuch dealer fo offending (hall forfeit and lofe, for qvery fuch offence, the fom of one hundred pounds, over and go^Jor \^ above all former penalties, and if any importer or dealer in quors of say fpreigu fpirituous liquors Avail buy or procure, or employ any perfon not perfon to buy for him, her, or them, or for bis, her, or their h**?*j£f ufe any foreign fpirituous liquors of any other perfon than of an ^ painted* importer or dealer, over the door of whofe (hop, warehoufe, over the door ftorehoufe, cellar, vault, and other place, by him, her, or them of his (hop,

I refpedively, made ufe of for the keeping of foreign brandy, and i other foreign fpirituous liquors, (hall be written or painted, as | aforefaid, the words importer of, or dealer in', foreign Jpirituous li-

?uorsi every fuch importer or dealer fo offending dull forfeit, or every fuch offence, the fum of one hundred pounds, over and I above all .former penalties*

I XX. Provided always, That no fuch dealer in coffee, ted, Certain cite*

| cocoa-puts, or chocolate, (hall be fubjedl to the (aid penalties of ?numerated one hundred, pound* for or by r$Upn of any purchafe or [her thedetu >	• ■ . ’	transfer	ert in coffee,

Digitized by LjOoq le

39$	Anno	dniso aono GaoMttt HL e> 6g. [i^

tea. cocoa* transfer of any tea, eoffte, cocoa-outs, whiift the fame fcatw nuts, cho-	main in. the refpedfive waiefceufcs wherein the hue fluff he

wwte*	lodged and pvt, according to the directions of an ad, made in

the tenth year of the reign of bis late Majtfty king Georg* the firft j nor by reafon of any purchafe of any tea, coflee, or cnoaa-nuta, or chocolate, at any (ale or (ales made by the rlirsdksoa of the Bajl India company, or of the commiffioncra of cadet or excite refpechvely; or at any fale made of any tea, coffee, or co* coa-nuts, fold for the benefit of the inforers or proprietors then* of, and which may be fold free of doty to demy the chargee of . . falvaget nor by rWoo of any ftrft purchafe	peine-mas:

hUoreigh fpt!nor wy dealer in foreign fpirituoua liquors be fabffft rituous li- *'to the faid penalty of one hundred pounds by reafon of the par* quori, (hall be chafe of any foreign fpirituoua liquors, whiift the fame remain cat luhfeft to the hoard the (hips in which the fame were lawfullly imported, or 6mpenalty of on	qgayS upou which they (hall have been lawfully landed;

nor to the purchafe of any rum whiift the fame remains in any warehouse wherein the fame (hall hare been put, according to the directions of the aft of the fifteenth and fixttenth pears ui the reign of hi* late majefty King the fecond; nor to tha purchafe of any arrack whiift the lame remains in the wire* houfes of the united company of merchants of England rad teg to t^e Eef/I Indits t nor to the purchafo of any prise foreign fpi* rituous liquors; nor to' the purchafe of any foreign fpirituousii*. qttors fold for the benefit of the infurers or proprietors thereof, and which may be fold free of duty to defray the charges offal* vaget any thing hercin-before contained to the contrary ootwitb-(landing.

Penalty-on XXI. And t»e it further ena<Sed by the authority afbrefaid, Saving’mwU That if, at any time after the faid firft day of Auguji, one than** proper entries fand fovqn hundred and feventy-nine, any perfon or perfect* at the excite whatfoever, other than fuch as (hall have duly made entry, at ShT* lot ^ ProPer of excite, of the places by them rofpe&rmly over their mate «fo of for keeping of coffee, tea, cocoa-nuts, or chocolate, doors,	tec. or for the keeping of foreign brandy, or foreign fpirituoms lithe words	quprs, (hall paint or write, or caufe to be painted	or written,

afore-men*	ovpr the door or in the front of any place to them	refpo&iveiy

uoa .	belonging, the words dealer in aff‘u> tea,	,	or ebaenietti

t- as the cafe (hall he, or the words	or dealer in fpiritu-

cm liquors every perfon and perfons rcfoc&ively offending therein, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds, and (hall alto be fobjedt to the fevers! penalties and forfeitures to which perfons felling of, or dealing in, coffee, tea, cocoa*nuts, chocolate, or foreign fpirkuous liquors, without entry, arc now fobjedl unto.

If any perfon, XXII- And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, not being fuch That jf any perfon whatfoever, not being fuch importer or dest>-d'eaWsu x er» as aforefaid, (hall buy or procure, or employ any other to buy fore faid, (hall for him or her, any tea, coffee, cocoa-nuts, chocolate, foreign buy affytp, brandy, or any other foreign fptrituous liquors, (fove and ck-coffee, &c.^ pr CCptat fuch fales,and in-fuch manner as is herein-before provided tuous Honor's, and excepted) of any other-perfon or perfons thanof fuch perfon or

(except asbe-'	perfons

Digitized by

1/79‘J Annodddlmo noao Gsxmou III. c. 69.	39?

peribas rtfpe&vely ow wheft xloor, or in the front, of oti fore except* toe con^iojous part of whole houfe, (hop, warehoufe, ftore- ed,) of any bdufe, cellar, vault, or other place, fuch words (hall be painted {J^ne the a* or written as aforefeid } every filch perfon fo buying, or fo pro- fore-mention* curing or employingany other to buy for him, her, or them, any cd words filch goods as fefortfaid, (hall, for each offence, forfeit and lofe painted over the Aim of ten pounds; and if the perfon or perfons, who (hall ihaUfM^ift hove (bid any tea, Coffee, cocoa-nuts, or chocolate, foreign ,0/# bandy, or other foreign fpirituous liquors, to any dealer therein,	the

or to any other perfon or perfons, contrary to the true intent of any tea, and fowling of this adf, (hall, within twenty days next after &c- contrary fuch file, and before any information has been lodged againft him or them for fuch offence, difcover and inform againft the perfon or perfons Who bought, or who procured or employed before any in* any other to buy for him, her, or them, fuch tea, coffee, cocoa- formation has nuts, or chocolate, foreign brandy, or other foreign fpirituous t**1? W*** liquors, as aforefaid, every fach perfon fodifcovering and inform* f/f^aa«a!nft ing (hall thereupon be difcbarged and indemnified from all pe- the buyer, the nakies to which, at the time of fuch information given, he faid[feller(hall might be liable, for or by reafon of fuch his own offence.

XXIII. And tvhereus by an afty made in the nineteenth y/hf of p^aj^ J ‘ the reign of bis late Mjtjly King George tbi Second, intituled, An his own of* atft for the further punilhment of perfons going armed or dif- fence, guifed in defiance oif the laws of cuftoms or excife j and for in- Recital of an • demnifying offenders againft thofe laws upon the terms in this ff Gc* ** adi mentioned; and for the relief of officers of the cuftoms in informations upon feheures; and which jaid aft was to continue in' force for the [pace of feven years, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament; and whichy by feveral fubfequentfiatutes, of the twenty-ftxth and thirty-fecond years of the reign of bis faid late Aidjeflfi and the fo&lby eleverithy and eighteenth years of the reign of his prefast Majefty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one tboufani feven hundred and eighty-five, end from theme to the end of the then next fefftm of parliament;

per fins charged with being guilty of offences in the faid aft mentioned

and prefiribedy were required to furrender them/elves within a time

limited by the faid at7, and that on negleft or refufal of furrender,

(~ucb perfons were to be adjudgedy deemed, and taken to be convifted

and attainted of felony: and whereas doubts have arifen whether the

methods and orders in the faid aft dire fted and prescribed, relative

fo <the apprehending and harbouring the offenders therein mentionedy

)r for caufeng fuch offenders to furrender, are, or were re-enafted

ved continued by the faid feveral afts : now, to put an end to fuch

letibtiy be it eno&ed and declared by the aiithorrty afbreiaid, A|j

That all and every the methods, orders, dire&ions, rules, pro- penalties, and

rkimations, penalties, ptmifhments, rewards, matters, and rewards,’in

hiftgs, provided, oidered, fettled, directed, impofed, given and the recited aft

eefutred, by the faid *61 of the nineteenth year of the reign of his j^^iTtbe*"

aid date majefty, relative to the furrender, proclaiming, appre- fb^nder^nd

lending, harbouring, and puniftiing fuch offenders, was, were, harbouring,

sad m continued and rc-ena&ed by the laid feveral a<5b, made &c of the of* .	fenders there-

Digitized by LnOOQle

If*

Aono dpdmQ ju»a<x&©R©l*rIlk	£17791

In mentioned, in thetwcMy-fjjcih, «ndtiamf-*recQod^«nnt (i£<tb* Wgni/ h

»re continued fey fate Majefty, and iin tl)e fourthf eleTenth, aiMi cigluremti

Ss'madVfo? y«»s ?f the reign , of hia^refent.M^y nnd ifag top tip mng the lawfully cxercifed, pwdbfed, applied* ufed* and,. unpofoik * ftid recited regard to all aud'Cvpry perfon and perfoo* that offend^.Of And - in future offend, agaura the £ud adt of theiunctc&ichijwarrcf his faid late Majefty.;	t	^

AH foreign XXIV. And it is hereby, further;cnaAedb by the®utbe**j thread lace, aforefa'id, That all foreign thread Jace;which# fcomanAjtfter imported after the JBxft day of Avgufi* one thoufand feyen hundred and<wy-tobemarked’ nine be imported into this kingdom*(hall, after,,tbefoige at each end of hath been entered at the cuftoavhoufc* and Wore n (ball he every piece, difeharged by the officers, and delivered into thexuftody *Cd* importer, or his agent, be marked or fealed at eac piece, with fuch mark or feal, and by foehofikotoroffice** # '	the refpedtiye commi (Goners of the^cuftoma in Grmt jifiim

(hall diredt and appoint for that purpofe. :	,>	n^.

All perfon* XXV. And it is hereby further eoadted by the authorityafo*-ofI°* That ifany perlon or perfons, having inhis, her, -Qc th^ Uccmay^on cuftody or pofieflion, in any part of this kingdom* or before* Feb. any foreign thread lace, fo directed to be.marked oriented* 1**780, bring aforefaid, (hall, on or before the firft day of FeAraa^oa: tje feme to thoufand feven hundred and eighty, bring or cattf* foch fooejo cuaom.hmife be brought to the cuftom-houfe for the port neareft.to tb&pte* * where fuch lace (hall he, and (hall make psoof on aath bffon the colledor and comptroller, or other principal officer *£tk cpftortis at fuch port, (which oath, fuch colieflor .*f>d owp _ ^ b troller, or other officer, is and are hereby requited, tp *&wi-W«epaid7&c, nifter without fee or reward), that the legal duties d^apd payable to his Majqfty were paid upon the impprtatioo 0/ foefe lace, if the fame was imported by him, her* or them, qc that foch lace was purchafed by fuch perfon orperfons( having pof-feflion thereof) in a legal fair way of trade, aqd that be, foe* at they, Verily believe the legal duties due and payable jefty have been duly paid for the fame, mentioning thcAiot when, and the port where, fuch lace was imported,prjriie,tifpe when, and of whom, fuch lace was purchafed, as th$£*fe ;<n*J be, fuch lace (ball be thereupon, without fee or. reward, xmrked or fealed at each end of every piece with foch mark or fea), and by fuch officer or officers, as the refpe&ve.commiffioners of the cuftoms in Great Britain, or any three or more of them,. IbaU diredt and appoint for that purpofe.

XXVI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the faid firft day of Augujl% one thoufond feven hundred and feventy-nine,. every „p#rfon intending to export any fuch foreign thread lace whic 1 (hall have been, marked or fealed pprfuant to the diredlions of this adt, .(hall* before foch lace is (hipped <n order to be exported, give notice to the proper officer or officers, to be: appointed for that purpofe fey the refpc&ive commiffioners of the cuftopat in Gnat Britain., wfoen and where be will packup the. fame ia order, tot be eaporfcd;

.	’	_:	and

and have it marked, bn making oath |hat the import duties

ns m+

perrons triiding to export fuch lace, to give notice to pro-p»f officer.

Digitized by *^.ooQle

1779*1 Anrio deckho nemo G&orqii HI. d6g.	399

dud the faid commiffiomrs of the cuftoms are hereby im powered who is to fee and required to caufefuch officer or officers to take care filch. marks or fcate be taken off from every piece fo intended ro ta cn be exported, without fee or reward; ana no perfon (hall be othcrw]feno intitled to the drawback allowed upon the exportation of fuch drawback to lace, unlefs he (ball have given fuch notice as berein-before is be allowed, direfted, and until fuch marks or feals (hall be taken off by the proper officer or officers as aforefaid.

XXVII.	And beit further ena&cd by the authority aforefaid* ATI foreign

That, from and after the firft day of February, one thou&nd thread Uce # feven hundred and eighty, in cafe any foreign thread lace (hall	tR*f

be found m any (hop, warehoufe, or other place whatfoevery p^’ tp upon land* within this kingdom, not being marked or fealed, ,?s0t net * » herein-before is dire&ed, upon both ends of every whole and marked a* entire piece, or upon one end of every remnant of fuch lace, the jffo^fjtd. fame (hall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and may be feized by e or eite any officer or officers of the cuftoms, and (hall and may be pro*

(ecuted, recovered, and difpofed of in the fame manner, and by the fame rules and regulations, as foreign thread lace, clandcf* finely imported and run into this kingdom, maybe profecuted, recovered, and difpofed of, by any law now in force.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Penalty op That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time forge or counter- any^wkor^ feit.any mark or feal, to refemble any mark or feal which (hall foi uin be provided or ufed in purfuance of this ad, or (hall forge or purfuanceof counterfeit the impreffion of any fuch mark or feal upon any this*#, or goods required by this ad to be marked or fealed, or (hall fell, rateffionViIy or expofe to fale, or have in his, her, or their cuftody or pof- foreign thread feffion, any fuch foreign thread lace with a counterfeit mark or lace marked feal thereon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited j all and or ^aled with cvefy fuch offender and offenders, and his, her, and their coantcr" aiders, abettors, and afliftants, (hall, for every fuch offence*

forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, one moiety to his Ma~ jefty, and the other moiety to fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms as (hall fue and profecute for the fame; and fuch offender and offenders (hall alfo be adjudged to (land in the pillory, in fome publick place, for the fpace of two hours.

XXIX. And whereas, at the fame time that the laws for fettering ery£ffrfort the revenues of cujlorHs and excife ought to be enforced,, for the fake	yjjo

ef the fair trader, and the honour and dignity of government, it may havebeen be proper to pardon fitch of thofe who have been heretofore guilty of guilty of any fuih illegal prafliceSj who are defirous to make fuch atonement for offence again ft their poft offences, by dedicating themfehes to the fervice of their	^

King and country, be it therefore enatfted by the authority afore- ciff,and tor ftid. That every perfon who, before the firft day of June, one which no pro-thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, lhall havebeen guilty locution hat of illegal running, loading, unihipping, concealing, receiving,

or carrying, any wool, prohibited goods, wares or merchan- ™ indemnified difees, or *py foreign goods liable to the payment of duties of by this aft, cuftoms or excife, (the fame duties not having been paid or on tbecon-fccured), or of aiding or aflifting therein, or iha{l have been *ltiw*5£*7* Vol. XXXII.	Vd	armed

Digitized by t^ooQle

That, before Sep.*9,1779, aod before he ilia 11 be arretted for fuch offence, he euter himfelf to ferve as a foldier or failor for three years, and do duty as fuch } and (hall alfo, before Sept. V9» *779>regifter his name &c. with the clerk of the peace, and fign fuch regittcr.

Form of entry.

CVrk of the peace to tranf-

Anno dedmo nono Georgii HI. c.69.	£1779.

armed with fire-arms, or other offenffve arms or weapons, a order to be aiding dr aflifting any fuch offenders* a* have been

Sof receiving fuch goals, wares, or merchandizes* or oreign goods as aforefaid, where duties had not been pad for or fecured, after feizure from the officers erf the cuftcuns or excife, or of any other ad or matter whatfoever whereby persons may be deemed and taken to be runners of foreign goods and commodities, within the intent and meaning of any bw now in force; or of hindering, oppofing, obftruding, wounding, or beating, any officer or officers of the cuftoois or excife, in the execution nt his or their office or duty, or of aiding w aflifting therein} (hall be, and are, by the authority of this prefent ad, acquitted, indemnified, releafed, and difcharged, againft the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceiTors, or officers of the cuftoms or excife, and every of them, and all and every other perfon and perfone, of and from all and every the laid offences, concerning which no fuit or information, or pxofeqp-tion, (hall have been commenced, or compolition made-or of-ferred, before the faid firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, upon the following terms and conditions } (that is to fay), that he do before he (hall be arrefted for the lame, and before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, inlifl or cqtcr himfelf with fome commiffton officer of his Majefty’s land forces or fleet, to ferve as a foldier or failor in the army or fleet, and do, for three years at leafl, from the time of fuch minting or entry, adtually and bona fide ferve and do duty as fuch in the faid army or fleet ; and (hall alfo, before the faid twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, regifter his name; employment, and ufual place of abode, with the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or divifion, where he refides, in a book which is hereby directed to be feept by the faid clerk among the records of the feffions for the bid county, riding, or divifion, for this purpofe; and (hall fign fuch regifter, figni/ying that he claims the benefit of thi* aSt, and that he has inlifted or entered himfelf with a certain com-miffion officer, by the name of his Majefty’s land forces or fleet, as the cafe (hall be, to ferve as a foldier or failor, which entry (hall be in the following form:

A. B. of	claims the benefit of an a& of

the nineteenth year of his majefly King George the Third, and has entered himfelf with C. D. a commiffton officer of his Majejlfs land forces [or fleet], and has regiflered his name in the book kept by toe clerk of the peace of this county, (ridings or divifion), this day of	purfuant	to	the dire&ions of

the faid afi.

for which entry or regifter, there (hall be paid the clerk of the peace for fuch county, riding, or divifion, one (hilling, and no more; and that tht.iaid clerk of the pe$ce (hall, immediately

after



DigitizecTby CjOO^Ic

1779.] Anno ctedmo nono GfcORon I1L c. 6g.	401

after the (aid twenty-ninth day of September, one tho ufand feven to corn-hundred and feventy-nine, tranfnm to the commiffioners of the raiJ5oners of cuftoms and excife an exa& account of ail the perfons who have, 3“ account^f by fuch entry or regifter as aforefaid, entitled themfrives to all perfons who claim the benefit of this a<ft.	haveregiltered

XXX.	Prof ided always. That every perfon who fhaU make thc,r namcs* fuch entry, and claim the benefit of this prefent v6t as afore- Pen?hy on. laid, and (hall afterwards be guilty of, or commit any of the jJg?hcbenISt like offences as thofe herein-before mentioned, or hereby in- of this a<5t, tended to be acquitted, releafed, and dilcharged, or (hall at any who fhali af-tinae after defert from the faid fervice, or, within the faid term

of three years, procure his difeharge therefrom, (hall be fubje# ^kc offences, and liable to be profeluted, not only for or in refpe<ft of fuch or who fhati new offence, but (hall alfo be fubjed and liable to all the fame delert, &c« penalties, pains, and forfeitures, as he would have incurred or been fubjecl and liable to, in cafe this indemnity had never -been given 5 arty thing herein contained to the contrary not* withftanding.

XXXI.	Provided alfo, That if any officer of his Majefty's land forces or navy (hall, by falfe mufter or certificate, or by

any other collufive or evafive ways or means whatfoever, fuffer j^s J*0 -Or permit fuch perfon or perfons to avoid tbe^ a&ual fervice as a&ual fervice. aforefaid, fuch perfon (hall not only lofe the benefit of this ad, but every fuch officer (hall fuffer the penalty of five hundred pounds.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforfr- Any Jofifce, faid, That in cafe any officer of the cuftoms or excife lhalf not

ufe his beft endeavours to feize any tea, coffee, foreign brandy, ^ccr^or^ or other foreign fpiriruous liquors liable to forfeiture, and which »eglr& of it (hall be the duty of fuch officer to feize ; or to flop, detain, duty, i*r»y ex* carry and and convey before one or more juftice or joftices of the amme ***vib« peace, any perfon or perfons whom fuch officer is hereby autho- aa* * * fired to ftop, detain, and carry and convey before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace ; that then, and in any of the fard cafes, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any juftice or juftice9 of the peace refiding near to the place where fuch officer (hall make default in the performance of his duty, upon complaint thereof made to fuch juftice within three months after fuch default, to examine into the truth of fuch complaint upon the oath of credible perfons, which oath fuch juftice is hereby authonfed to adminifter; and if it (hall appear to fuch juftice that there is a and if there reafonable ground for fuch complaint, then fuch juftice is here- a^fe^roimds* by required to rranfmit the faid complaint, together with the ot Compla?nr* examinations taken before him thereon, unto the commiffioners thejuitice of the cuftoms, if the officer complained againft (hall belong to foa’l tranfmic the cuftoms; and if fuch officer (hall belong to the excife, then unto the commiffioners of excife; which commiffioners of the minatioiuu-cuftoms and excife refpedively, are hereby required to make ken before enquiry, by fuch ways and means as to them (hall feem meet, him, to the -into the truth of the faid complaint; and in cafe they think fit .on the ground thereof to difmifs the officer, againft whom fuch jj^^^ *

, ~	D d 2	com-	officer,

Digitized by ^.ooQle

4ci	Anno decfara riono Gboroii HI. e.70. £1779;

complaint (hall be made, from hie Majefty’s fertice, then feck | officer is hereby made incapable of executing any office in bn Majefty’s revenue of cuftoms or excifefor the future e provided neverthelefs, that no perfon (hall be compelled to go above five miles from the ufual place of his abode to be examined befefc any juft ice of the peace upon any complaint to be made to him as aforefaid.

Noperfon XXXIII. And be it further eoadled, That no perfon who profecuted tin* (hall be profecuted or punifhed by any. of the provifionr in this der this aft, ^ fhall be liable to be profecuted or punifned for the fame other ^ofecu- °^cnce ^ otl)er a& or a<a*» any thing therein contained to tionforthe the contrary notwithftanding.

fame offence. XXXIV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforr-Peilalties and That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed by this forfeitures . adf, (not other wife hereby directed), (hall be fued for, levied, how to be re- and recovered, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means or methods, covered and as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered ur app 1 * mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by adtion of debt, b3^ plaint, or information, in any of bis Majefty's courts of record at Wejlminfter, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland % and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, and forfeiture, fhall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall inform, fue for, or difcover the fame.

Limitations of XXXV. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority actions. aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall at an yd use or times be fued or profecuted for any thing by him or thtm done or executed in purfuance of, or by colour of, this adf, or of any matter or thing in this adf contained, fuch adtion or profecutfcn (hall be commenced within the fpace of three months after the offence (ball be committed; and fuch perfon or perfons fell 1 •eneraliffue. and may plead the general iffue, and give this adt and thefpeciai matter in evidence, for his and their defence, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by authority of the faid adf: and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, then the jury (hall find lot the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be rion-fuited, or difeontinue his adtion after the defendant or defendants have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdidt or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or de-Treble softs. fendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the Ike remedy for the fame, as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other ca&s by law*

CAP. LXX.

An all for extending the proviftom of an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Firjl, intituled, An aSt to prevent frivolous and vexatious arreftsj and for other purpofes. Preamble.	TX7 ttE R E A S in and by an aft of parliament, made in the

Recital of an . ▼ V twelfth year of the reign of King George the Fir fly (intituled, t aft is G«o. t. An adt to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrefts) it is onafted, t

Digitized by (^.ooQle

1779*1 Anno dccimo nono Georgii III. c. 70.	403

That, fromand after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand frven hundred and twenty-fix, no perfon Jhall be held to fpeeial bail upon any procefs ijfusng out of anyfup&ior court, where the eatefe of action jhall not amount to the fum of ten pounds, or upwards, nor Out 'of any inferior coUrt, where the caufe of a&ion Jhall not amount U the fum offorty Jhillings, or upwards: and whereas the power of arrejl and imtrifonment, on mefne procefs iffuing out of fitch'inferior court, where the caufe af aflion does not amount to ten pounds, is found by experience to be attended with much oppreffion to great numbers of bis Majejly's fubjefts; for remedy whereof, be it enadted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the feme. That, from and after the firft day of July, one thoufand After July 1, feven hundred and feventy-nine, no perfon (hall be arrefted or held to fpeeial bail, upon any procefs iiTuingout of any inferior arrefted, or court, where the caufe of adtion (hall not amount to the fum held to fpeeial of ten pounds, or upwards; but that tha like copies of procefs hail, upon any (hail be ferved, (for the fervice of which procefs, a fum not P^f* iffuing exceeding two (hillings and fixpence (hall be allowed in cods),

«nd the like proceedings (hall be had thereupon in fuch inferior for Id# than*

court, hi all cafes where the caufe of adtion (hall not amount

to the fum of ten pounds, or upwards, as are direded to be had,

by the fsid recited ad, in fuch inferior court in all cafes where

the caufe of adtion (hall not amount to the fum of forty (hillings;

any law or ufeee to the contrary notwithftahding.

II.	And be it further enadted, Thar, from and after the firft Proceedingiia day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, in jnfcri°r courts all cafes in fuch inferior court (having jurifdidtion to the amount lolTo/up-of ten pounds, or upwards) where the caufe of adtion (hall ward#, <ha!l be amount to ten pounds, or upwards, the like affidavit (hall be the fame as by made and filed of fuch caufe of adtion, and the like proceedings tbe r*^tci! • (hall be had thereupon, as arediredted by the faid recited adt to *^,2, of 40 si be had, where the caufe of adtion amounts to the fum of forty or upwards. * (hillings, or upwards, in fuch inferior court.

HI. And whereas divers atfs of parliament halve pajjed for the So much of alt recovery of debts within certain di/tn fls and jurifdi&ions, which may a**s forreeo-bave authorifed the arrejl and imprifonment of defendants, where the debn,°as au-caujt of a&ion amounts to left than ten pounds; be it enadted. That thorite imS fo much of fuch adt or a&s of parliament as gives fuch power prifooment of (halt be, and the fame is hereby repealed.	defendantsfor

IV. And, forafmuch as perfons ferved with procefs iffuing out of ™caUed.IO inferior courts, where tbe debt is under ten pounds, may, in order to . j. 1 avoid execution, remove their perfons and effefls beyond the limits of ^berefbiaj the jurifdiflion of fuch courts; be it enadted by the authority afore- judgement faid, That in all cafes where final judgement (hall be obtained, than be ob-in any adtion or fuit in any inferior court of record, it (hall and {a'ne.d in may be lawful to and for any of his Majefty’s courts of record^”

^at Wifimlnfier, upon affidavit made ana filed therein of fuch made thereof judgement being obtained, and of diligent fearch and enquiry in any court

D d 3	having	°* rawd *

tion having ifiued a gain ft the perlon or effects of the defendant, and that the fame cannot

the (heriflf of any county, he*

\

404	Anno dcclmo nono Gkorgu III: C* yd. [1779.

Weftminfter, having beer* made after the perlon or perfons of the defendant and of execu- or dc^cncjant9j or his, her, or their effects, and of execution having i (fried againli the perfon or perfons, or effr&s, is the cafe may be, of the defendant or defendants, and that the perfon or perfons, or effe&s, of the defendant or defendants arerot to be found within the jurifdiiftion of fuch inferior court, which

______ _ _ affidavit may be made before a judge or commiflioner authorised

be found with- to take affidavits, and fuch (uperior court to caufe the record of h?,thc jurif- the faid judgement to be removed into fuch fuperior court, to interiorcourt* l^uc writs execution thereupon to the (heriff of any county, theTecordtf c*rY» hberty, or place, againft the perfon or perfons, or efefo, fuch judge- °f the defendant or defendants, in the fame manner as upon ment may be judgements obtained in the faid courts at JVejlminRer; and the removed into iheriff, upon every fuch execution, (hall, and he is hereby autho-coUrtU^and°r r*,e<* to ^eta,n defendant or defendants, until the fum of writvofexecu- twcnty (hillings be paid to him, or to levy the fame out of the tion iflued to effects, according to the nature of the execution, for the extraordinary cods of the plaintiff or plaintiffs in the inferior court fobfequent to the faid judgement, and of the execution in the fuperior court, over and above the money for which fuch execu* yon (hall be iflued.

Upon what V- Provided always, and be it further enaded by

execution fiiall ritY af°rc^i^» That, from and after the firft day of	one

beftayedupon thoufand feven hundred and feventy nine, no execution fhillbe any writ of flayed or delayed, upon or by any writ of error, or fupf rftd&l error, &c. for thereon.to be fued, for the reverfiog of any judgement given, or reverting t0 given, in any inferior court of record, where the damages givfnTnan are under ten pounds, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons, in whofe inferior coirt, name or names fuch writ of error (hall be brought, with two where the da- fufficient fureties, fuch as the court (wherein fuch judgement is inages are un- gr ^ajj g*fven) /ha 11 allow of, (hall firft, before fuch ftay 10 * made or fuperfedeas to be awarded, be bound unto the party for whom any fuch judgement is or lhall be given, by recognizance, to J>e acknowledged in the fame court, in double thq fum adjudged to be recovered by the faid former judgement, to profecote the faid writ of error with effedf, and alfo to fatisfy and pay (if the faid judgement be affirmed, or the faid writ of error benon-pros’d) all and lingular the debt, damages, and cofts, adjudged or to be adjudged, and all cofts and damages to be awarded for the fame delaying of execution.

Ho caufe un-	VI. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That no caufe,

remo^edTnto ^ere the caufe of adlion (halt not amount to the fqm of ten c v	pounds, of upwards, fhall be removed or removeaUe into any

si fuperior court, unlefs

fuperior court, by any writ of habeas (orpas, or otherwife unlefs,

the defendant the defendant, who (hall be defirous of removing fuch caufe, become bound ^ajj enter into t|)e like recognizance for payment of the {lebt

to pay debt awl cofts if judgement pais a£ai#ft

him.

and colls, in cafe judgement lhall pafs againli him.

C A P,

Digitized by L^ooQle

1779*] Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c*7K GAP. LXXI.

4©i

for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund s and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thou(and*feven hundred and fcventy-nine; and for further appropriating the fiipplies granted in this fefiion of parliament.

Preamble. >,071,854./. 13/. 8d. 17. granted out of the finking fund, for the fervice of the current year} to be iffued by the treafury accordingly. Treafury impowered to raife the fum of 1,000,000/or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the finking fund. All perfont who (hall lend any money upon the credit of this a£t to have a rally of £ loan, with orders for repayment of the money, with intereft. Orders to be regiftered in courfe. No undue preferences to be given in payment.

. Nd tee to be taken, on forfeiture of treble damages, with full cofts. Penalty of undue preference in point of regittry or payment. Auditor, Set. neglecting his duty, liable to damages, &c^ to be recovered at Weft minder, No undue preference in the regiftering, where orders are brought the fame day j nor if fubfequent orders are paid before others not brought in courfe, lo as money be referred for the preceding orders. Power of alignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it (hall be judged more advifeable, the treafury may raife the faid fum by exchequer bill# inftead of loans $ and the bills in iuch cafe to be made in the manner prescribed by the land tax a& of this fefiion. JJJ1 advantages and penalties in the land tax aft of this fefiion, relatingto loans or exchequer bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this ad. The faid exchequer bills, intereft, and charges, are to be paid out of the finking fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Maiefty the fum of 1,000,000/. | notwltbftanding an aft of 5 and 6 Gul. & Mariae. The fum of 1,763/.	'

1/. furplus of tne finking fund; and fifth monies as (hall be paid into the exchequer between April 5, 1779, and April 5,1780, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega, and Gum Arabic; (hall be applied towards making good the fuppiy. The monies arifing by the land tax, malt tax, lottery act, loans, (1,500,000/) further loans 1,900,000/. vote of credit, *,763 /. 1 /. remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 1779, of the furplufles of the finking fund $ and luch monies as (hall be paid into the exchequer between AprO 5, 1779*and April, 5,1780, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega,and Gum Arabic; and 1,071,854./. 13/. id. 1 7. by this aft granted out of the excefles,&c, compofing the finking fund} together with the money arifing from the fale of French prizes taken before the declara-tios of war5 and alfo fuch fums of money as his Majefty (hall direft to be applied to the publick fervice, which (hall arife out of the fale of the ceded ' idands in the Weft Indies j (hall be applied to the ufes following: 4,589,069/.

6j. id. towards naval fervices; 395,438/. 15/. 4 d. for the charges of the office of ordnance; 511,935/. 13/. 5 d. for the charges of the office of ordnance, not provided for in 177*1 6,013*081 /. 51. 11 d. 3 7. towards maintaining the land forces, Sec. of which 833,914 /. 18/. 6d. for defraying the charges of 30,346 eftefiive men, &c.j and 3113 invalids, for guards, &c. in Great Britain, Sec.} 1,103,118/. 11 /. for forces and garrifons in Africa,

See. 151,913/. 1/. 6d, to make good the difference of pay between the Britifh and Irifh eftabliflunent of troops fenring in America 3 37,106 /.

8/. 6d. 17. for general and general ftaffiomcers in Great Britan •

. 17. for five Hanoverian battalions at Gibraltar

____________/	provifions	for three of the faid battalions at Gibraltar,

for the year 1779; 367,103/. 9/. tod. for 13,471 troops ofHefie Cartel, &c ; 35,441/. 19/. 9 d. 17. for two regiments of Hanau, See.; 17,498L %d. 37 for a regiment of Waldeck, &c.; 93,947/* 15/. 8d. for 4,300 Brunfwickers, &c.; 39,644/. 14/ 3 d. for 1,447 troops of Brandenbourg - Anfoach; 7,958/. 10/. nd. 17. make good a deficiency for the troops of Brandebourg Anfpacbj 16,630/. 11/. 9 d. 17. for infantry, See. of Anhalt Zerhft* 48,668/. 3t. 9/ 17. for provifions for foreign troops Serving in America3 17,683/. 14/. for defraying the charge of artillery

D d 4

for

Digitized by



40$	Atvio dreimo nona GbgiuuiIII. e.?s. [17751

. /or foreign troops, for 17794 610,8*2/. 5/. for defrayis^ tfee ^charges* the militia in South Britain, and three regiments of fcacibtlea ixNoofc Britain, fofr 1779 \ <5,760/. 17*. 1 d. for the defraying the charge of cloathiog for militia in 6outh Britain, for 1779; $411/. aS /. 6i. forde-fraying the charge of additional companies to miima in Sooth &rfea»,fo 177**, 2,656/. 4/. for defraying the charge of doathing dor addmei companies of militia hi South Britain, for 177S; 259,715/. 3*. 4J, hr augmentations of his Majefty’s forces, for 1779; 87,705/. %t, 4 d. totbc ^educed officers bf the land forces and marines; 6x8/. %t. 11/. to the two troops of horfe guards reduced, dec.) 103,317/ 14/. t/ t# theo*t penfioners of Chelfea bofpital ; 63,195/. ***• l°d for com pleating tie whole charge of the pay of one,regiment of light dragoons, and (ix regiments of foot, ferving in America, for 1779; 19,584/T 1/. for a regiagot oM enables to be railed in North Britain, for 1779; 6,146/. ft. 6/ft> makegood the charge of forming three regiments of light dragoons, cf 411 men each, &c. 4,113/. 6j. 8d. for augmentation to a corps of ropl highland emigrants, trom May 25, to Dec 24, 1779; 2,016.137/. 44 4L 2 q. for extraordinaries of land forces, from Jan. 31, rj^Z, to Feb. 1. 1779; 1,500,000, for difeharging exchequer bills of laft feflion; 1,000,000/ for paying off the exchequer bills of lait feflion * 500,000/.- for paying of the other exchequer bills of laft feflion * 32,968/. */. Id. to jnake good to his Majetty the like fum iflued in purfuaoce of the addre&s of eke , houfe of commons; 3,150/. for the civil eftablifliment of the i/land of St. John ; 2,900/. for the civil eftablifliment of Georgia 5 4,796/ 10/. y/. tor fupporting the civil eftablifliment of Nova Scotia; 4,930/. for the ortf . cftabhfhment of Eaft Florida; 4,900/. for the civil eftabliflunent of Wed ^Florida; 2,041/. fs* for defraying expences attending furvey a in Noah America; 6,995/. 18/. 11/, on account of nep roads, dec. an the highlands of Scotland; 60,527/. 3/. 6d. for the relief of American civil officer;, &c; 5,000/. for affifting the Levant company; 5,000/. to James Berjcenbout and Thomas Clark, Jor the di covery of their method of dying fcarlet, Scc. 13,586/. 17/. to make good to his Majelty the like fum iflued to Duncan Campbell, for the expence of confining, Sec. con-vifts in the Thames. 40,540/. 9 s. 4d. 2 q. to the finking fund, to make good the deficiency on July 5,1778, Sec.; 98,891 /, 3/. 8oT to makegood the deficiency of the fund for paying annuities granted left feffioa; (66,744/. 4/. 3d 3q. to makegood the deficiency of grants for thelerfice cf the year 1778. The faid aids to he applied only to the ufes before mentioned. Rules to be obfervet} in the application of the half-pay. By a& 18 Geo. 3. a fum not exceeding 90,939/. 15/. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus monies, above fatufying faid office**, to be difpofed of to officers who were maimed* fyc. in the late wars, or tq officers widows and children# as his IVlajefty (hall diredh

CAP. LXXII.

*

An <*& to explain, amend, and render more effefinal, the feveral laws new in being relative to the militia forces of this kingdom; and for making certain provifions relative to thi fencible men in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Preamble*	"TTTHERE A S many advantages may arife fromfyrtber reguk•

VV tions in the militia laws, be it therefore enabled by the King’s rnoA excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con* fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame,

So much of That fo much of an act, made in the eighteenth year of his ^*pG59- a* re- Prc^cnt Majerty’s reign, intituled. An afi to amend and render more iates to the ' effe final the laws relating to the raifing and training the mifm feiief to tfe	yitbinr that part ojf Great Britain sailed, England y and to tfobUJh |

.	.	.	'	*	1	*’ '•	*	oertm

Google

1779*1 Anno ddcimo ndno Georgii III. c. 72. *	407

certain regulations with refpebl to offiters ferving in the corps of fen*' pveji to the cible men dire bled to be roifed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned,) as relates to the repealed, * 4 relief, to be given to the families of fubftitutes fewing in the militia,	>

Jbail be,1 and the fame is hereby repealed.

VL. And whereas the families of fubftitutes, hired men, orvolun- H°T ^ ^ teers, ferving in the militia, when embodied and called out into aftual JtitJtc»° that* fervice, and ordered to march, may become chargeable to the parifbes may become to which they belong; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, chargeable. That in cafe any fubftitute, whofe family may fo become char-	^UP*

geable, (hall not ferve for the parifh where his family (hall dwell, it P°r6c r lhall be lawful for the juftices of the peace, who (hall make any order for the relief of fuch family, at the fame tyne to diredt the overfeers of the parifh for which he (hall ferve,to reimburfe the money fo paid to the overfeer or overfeers who (hall have advanced the fame, in purfuanceof the order before-mentioned, if fuch pari (h (hall be fituated within the fame county; and if fuch pari(h (hall be (ituated in amy other county, the fame juftice (hall caufe the fame to be reimburfed in manner hereinafter mentioned.

III.	Provided always, That no fuch allowance (hall occafion Family of fub* fuch family to be removeable or compelled to be fent to any nor to | workhoufe or poorhoufe, nor (hall fuch fubftitute be thereby de- ^rkhoufel * i prived of his legal fettlement elfewhere, nor of his right or vot- &c. nor be de-1 ing for the election of members to ferve in parliament.	prived of his

j IV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, privilege of 1 That in cafe the fubftitute, whofe family (Kail be relieved as ^otinS*

; aforefaid, (hall ferve for any pari(h fituate in another county, the monies advanced by the overfeers of the parifh, town(hip„or fubftitute be-*

| place, where the family (hall dwell, (hall be repaid them out of come charge-l the county ftock by the treafurer of the county to which the able to his pa-I parifh, townfhip, or place, (hall belong, on producing a certificate

of the order of the juftice allowing fuch relief, (which certificate riOi inTdi^* fuch juftice is hereby required to grant accordingly;) and the ferentcounty, treafiirer who (hall lo repay fuch overfeer, (hall tranfmit fuch tbcn b« panto certificate, and alfo an account of all monies fo repaid by him relm;

y	,	.	r	e	.	r	'	.	.	bUfiCd OUt Of

from time to time, quarterly to the treafurer of the county, nd- the ftock of ing, or place, in the militia whereof fuch fubftitute (hall ferve; the county for and the treafurer to whom the fame (hall have been fo tranfmit- which he ted, (hall forthwith reimburfe the fame to the treafurer from fervc,‘ whom the faid account was received; which account fo received Accounts to and reimburfed, (hall be laid before the juftices of the peace at belaid before their next general or quarter feflion which (hall be held for fuch county, riding, or place, for their allowance thereof; and the border* faid juftices (nail, and they are hereby required to allow the the overfeers fame accordingly, and forthwith to make an order for the over- of the pari(h feers of the poor of the parilh, townftlip, or place, for which	the

fuch fubftitute (hall ferve, to make good the fame to the treafur- tomake er of the county, out of the poor rates of fuch pari(h, townftlip, good the fame pr place; and all payments fo made by (uch treafurer or trea- to the county hirers, overfeer or overfeers, in purfuance of fuch order or or- tr/ffurer ders of $eh juftice or juftices, (hall be allowed and pafled in ^lC|c par

th^ir

1

.

Google

4oS	Anno decimo nooo Geoikhi till .& 7a. [ijj^

their refpedHve accounts hi bit manner as other cxpeflcts*. curred on account of the militia are by the militia laws now a being directed to be pa fled and allowed.

Provifo rclat- V. Provided always. That in all places having peculiar yxif-ing topecu- didtioos, and not contributing to the county, fuch account faH tlao$UrifiiiC" mac*c °*cr to treafurcr, receives or other pwblicfc officer M>0,'	belonging	to	fuch	peculiar jurifdidtion, to be by him reimburfed,

accounted for, and allowed, in manner aforefaid.

Captain-lieu- VI. And be it further enacted by the authority. That hoi tenants to be and after the palling of this adt, it (hall and may be lawful to appointed. and for his Majcfty’s lieutenants of counties to appoint captain-lieutenants to all regiments or battalions of militia to which .	fuch appointment hath not been already made; and that all cap-

Theirrank.	tain-lieutenants (hall rank with the officers of his Majtftjs

other forces of equal degree as youngeft of their rank. Qualification* VII. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, Thatfcr lieutenants. l^e ^uturc Pcrfons to be appointed captain-lieu tenants, ftuii have the fame qualifications as petfons ferving as capUins art required to have; provided that it (hall not be necefiary for aw perfon having adled as captain-lieutenant before the firftdaj# July, one thoufand feven hundred and fevenry-nine* to hoMaoj other qualification than as a lieutenant.

OIRctrt who VIII. And be it further enadted, That in cafe any officers; td^ualffy Cd °*cers	OwU have negledled or omitted to deliver in to

thcmfcl ves	0r their feveral refpective qualification or qualifications, agreeable

agreeable to to the diredtions of an adl, made in the eighteenth year of his M* milltia aft jefVy’s reign, (intituled. An aft to amend and render more efftfhd i^lhble to	rtiding	*o the raiftng and training the militia within tin

the penalties Part *f Great Britain tailed England; and te ejlablijb certain reg* thereof; lotions with rtfpeft to officers ferving in the corps of fencibk men i-refted to be raifed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned>) fuch officer or officers notwithftanding fuch omiffion or negledt, (hall not be fubjeA of liable to any of the penalties impofed by the faid recited ad; and all adtsdone by them in virtue of their refpedHve commifli* ons as officers in the militia are hereby declared to be valid tnd of full effedt ; any thing in the laid recited a& to the contrary notwithftanding.

Provided they IX. Provided always. That this adt (hall not extend to prevail fo qualify Vent fuch officer or officers, who (hall negledt or omit to deliver or^tbr^thc1 *n or t^ieir rcfptdtive qualification or qualifications, on or be-firft of Dec.	f°re r^e hrft day of December next, according to the diredtionsoi

next. #	the adl of the eighteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, ft

amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the raiftng eni training the militia within that part of Great Britain called Eng' land; and to eflabli/h certain regulations with refpeft to officers ferving in the corps of fencible men direfted to be raifed in that part ej Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned ; from being liable to the penalties impofed by the fame (of fuch negledt or omiffion.

All militia of. X. And be it further enadted, That every officer nOVpboIdiflg*

o	or

Digitized by Google

1779-1 Afino declmo north GEORGir III. c. yi.	409

or hereafter accepting a conjtniffion as colonel, lieutenant colonel, ficers above major, or captain, in the militia, fhall; on or before the firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine, or tranfmit to within fix months after having accepted any fuch commiffion the clerk of in future, tranfmit to the clerk of the^peace of the county in the the pea<*# on mHitia hereof fuch officer fhall ferve, a true deferiptiort of his	tha

qualification for holding fuch commiffion as aforefaid, and alfo a	ec#

certificate of his having taken the oaths required ; and the clerk or within fix of the peace fhall forthwith enter and inroll the fame, and alfo months after (hall tranfmit to the lieutenant of the faid county, a true copy of every fuch lift and certificate fo entered as aforefaid; and the fions/a def- . lieutenant fhall, (unlefs juft caufe be (hewn to the contrary criptionof within the famine time by this a<ft limited,) on receipt thereof, their qualifi. give notice to th$ officer or officers who fhall not have been cer- cations» &c. tified by the clerk of the peace to have entered his or their qua- ^nant^to^r"

1 location, that he lhall proceed to the appointment of other fit cecd'refpeSf^ 1 perfons to ferve in the militia, if proper perfons duly qualified ingthofcofE*

1 fhall offer themfelves for fuch fervice, in the room of fuch offi- cers who lhall cers as fhall, at the time or times above-mentioned, have omitted ncg,c& j? de-1 fo to deliver in the faid lifts and certificates refpe&ively; and	'

fuch lieutenant fhall, and he is hereby required and dire&ed to H declare, in the London Gazette, within fix weeks, the commiffi-, on of foch officer to be vacant, and fhall proceed to fuch ap-, pointment accordingly: And that, for the better ascertaining the Account to be , time of granting any fuch commiffions, the faid lieutenants lhall, P^li^ed j from time to time, caufe to be inferted in the London Gazette, onh/dates , the dates of the commiffion, and names and rank of the officers, of the new t together with the names of the officers in whofe ftead they are commiflionv , fo commlffioned, in like manner as commiffions in the army are &c* and the i publifhed from the war-office; and the faid clerk or clerks of offi^ers°whoni ( the peace fhall, on or before the firft day of December in every they fucceed.

, year, tranfmit to one of his Majefty’s principal Secretaries of Clerk of the i ftate, in order that they may be laia before parliament, a true peacetotranf-( copy of all entries to be made and inrolled, and alfo an account mit' annually,

, of all returns fo tranfmitted by him to the faid lieutenants, to- fecretariesof

father with the dates of the faid entries and returns; and every ftate, to be uth clerk of the peace being guilty of any negledt herein, fhall laid before be liable to the fame penalties as by the militia laws now in be* parliament,a ing are impofed on clerks of the. peace for any neglc<ft of entnes made duty.	.	*	and returns

XI.	And be it further enafled. That in cafe any perfon or by him tranf-perfons fhall take and receive of and from any man ballotted to ,mi^ t0 lbe ferve in the faid militia, or of and from any perfon employed by °r.?

•	r	r	t	e	'	r	V	.	1	1	nailtS, OCC.

him for that purpofe, any him or fums of money for the pur- penaity0n pofe of Serving as a fubftitute in the militia, in the room of fuch perfons who ballotted man as aforefaid, and fhall afterwards negle<Sl to appear foa'l receive at the ufual meeting appointed for fwearing the militia man, or be- JPoncy to fore fofne one deputy lieutenant, in the manner and according Chutes* and* to the directions of an a<ft, made in the fecond year of his pre- (hall negleft Sent Majefty’s reign, (intituled. An aft to explain, amend, and reduce to appear to into one aft of parliament^ the fiver al laws nourin being relating to

faIaG«o.0s.

Google

4«°

Commanding officer of every company of militia to lay out! to the mod advantage of each man under his command the guinea to which he it entitled, by aft % Geo. 3, on receiving orders to march out of the county. Deputy lieutenants, &c. who have bal< lotted and. fworn in militia men be* fore the time appointed by law, are hereby indemnify • ted t and their proceedings declared valid,

Recital of a claufe in militia aft i Geo. 3;

Anno decuno nano GsaftOii III. c. 72.	[ *779.

the railing and training the militia within that part if Great Botta tailed England J fuch perfon or perfons fo negledUng as afbrc&d, upon conviftion thereof before* any juftice of the peaqe* or .before any deputy lieutenants at tbeir laid meeting, (hall only return the fum fo by him taken and received, but (hall forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings to be pauitl-& the ballotted man, or to the poor of the pari(h, at the difcsetfon of the juftices or deputy lieutenants; and if (uch offender dull not immediately pay the fum fo by him received, and the (aid penalty, he (hall be committed to the houfe of corre&fon&f the fpace of fourteen days.	.	.	i.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be

lawful for the captain, or other commanding officer of company of militia, to lay out, in the manner mod advantageous for the militia man under his command, the fum of one guinea, which, by the Paid recited aft, puffed in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, is direfted to be paid foall militia men, when the regiment, battalion, or independemeoiii-pany, to which they belong, is ordered to be embodied* and march out of the county, and to every recruit who (hall afterwards join the regiment, battalion, or company, giving an account within three months, or as foon as defired, to abe^diHifo man fo intitled to receive the faid fum of qne.guiaca, how feeb money has been expended.	>.	c

XIII.	And whereas the deputy lieutenants* chief magiflrat4a*jmi juftices of the peace* in feveral counties, cities* and places* when the militia nave been raifei* have* in fame inflamei, proceeded to abrftjhy

, lot, and to [wear in militia men and fub/litutos for fiech raJj^Bbe counties* cities* and places* previous to the times at wbiak ikofame ought to have been done* purfuant to the provifions cstuadned in the militia laws now in being; be it enafted by theauthority^afoneMd, That fuch proceedings of the faid deputy lieutenants, chief ma* giftrates, and juftices of the peace, are hereby declared valid, mad effeftual, and the faid deputy lieutenants, chief magiftrates, and juftices of the peace, are hereby refpeftively indemnified forfucb , their proceedings.	*	1	—	j

XIV.	And whereas, by an aft made in the fecond year of tbaraigu of his prefent Mjejiy* (intituled, An aft to explain, amende and reduce into one aft of parliament, the feverai laws now in being relating to the raifing and training the militia within that parr or Great Britain called England,) it is (amongft other things) enafted* That in cafe any perfon /ball be cbofen by lot to ferve in tbemilitm* for any parifl* tithing* or place* or parifles* titbings* or places* and fuch perfon Jhall be Jworn and inroUed* or /hall provide a fie ferfea to ferve as his fubjlitute* who Jball be fworn and inroUed* the churchwarden or overfeer* or churchwardens or overfeers* offucb, parifl* tithing* or place* flail) within one month after the time yfndr/wearing or inrolling of the man fo chofen by lot* or of the fubJtituU refpec-lively* pay to every fuch perfon fo chofen by lot* tf the regiment or.hat-tali on* in which he or his fubjlitute flail ferve* flail be tben.embaiiU* any fuch fum of money, not exceeding fyefounds^ ft. thru dfpntjAtikr

:	‘	~	‘	tenants*

Digitized by v^ooQle

. c. 72.	411

tenants, or two deputy lieutenants and one juftice, or one deputy lieu* tenant and two juftitts, in wbofe prefence fuck perfonjball be chofen by lot, /ball adjuage tele, as near as may be, one half of the current price then paid for a volunteer in the county or riding where fuch perfon /hall be fo thofen by lot: And whereas by an aft, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled. An adl an<* »* Gto. t o amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the rail*-.3*cap* $9* irtg and training the militia within that part of Great Britain call-fed England\ and to cftablifh certain regulations with rcfpedl to officers fervkigin the corps of fencible men dire&ed to be raifed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein Mentioned, it is [amongft other things) enafted, That at any meeting for any county, city, or town, wbofe militia /ball be at that time on aftual fervice, it Jhall be lawful for any two or more; of the deputy lieutenants, of fuch county, city, or town, or for any OHi deputy lieutenant, together with any one jujlice of the peace of fuch county, to have and exercife all the powers conferred by the therein (and herein) recited aft, with refpeft to the militia, on any three deputy lieutenants, or arty two deputy lieutenants together with any one jujlice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together any two juf -tices Of the peace of any county at large; now, be it hereby enacted hf the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any churchwarden or Everycburch-tkcfftffer of any parifh, tithing, or place, or parifhes, tithings, or warden, &c. places, (hall, after the palling of this adl, rerufe or negleCl to pay	a^t"©

to'any perfon chofen by lot as aforefaid, who (hall have been ^r^on * fworn and inrolled, or who (hall have provided a fit perfon to chofen by lot, ftrvc as his fubftitute, who (hall have been fworn and inrolled, and (Worn, or within one month after fuch fwearing and inrolling, fuch ^umt havC^oVyed not exceeding five pounds, as two deputy lieutenants, or one fabEnite*' deputy lieutenant and one juftice of the peace of fuel) county, fuch fum, not riding, city, or place, (hall adjudge to be as near as may be one exceeding $/-half of the current price then paid for a volunteer in the county <ha,J or riding Where fuch perfon (nail be fo chofen by lot, upon his deputy*lieu-** producing* to fuch churchwarden or overfeer an qrder for that tenants, See. purpofe, under the hands of two deputy lieutenants, or one de- to be half the puty lieutenant and one juftice of the peace of fuch county, ca"cnt price riding, city, or place, thl militia thereof then being embodied, fumee^Tori* and in aCtual fervice; then fuch churchwarden or overfeer, fo producing a refuting or neglecting, (hall forfeit the fum of fen pounds, to be proper order 1 levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of fuch forihatpur-churchwarden or overfeer, by warrant under the hand and feal of **' .. any one juftice of the peace of the county, riding, city, or place, 1 forfeit1 where fuch churchwarden or overfeer (hall dwell, rendering the overplus, (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of fuch diftrefs ana fale, to fuch churchwarden or overfeer $ and Application " one. half of which fum (hall be paid to the perfon fo chofen by thcreo** lotos aforefaid, in lieu of the fum ordered to be paid to him as aforefaid, and the other half thereof to the clerk of the regiment or battalion, to be added to the common (lock.

XV. And be it further enaCtcd by the authority aforefaid, So much of Thafrfc much of an paffed in the lad fefiion of parliament, the militia

ihtitulcd, a^of ,aft

1 lemon as re*

1779.] Anno decimo nono Georgii III

Digitized by

Google

412	Anno decimo none GeoUGH HI. c. y 2.	[177$

htc» to the	intituled. An aft to amend and render more effectual the lams rtbtmi

lieutenants	t0 ^ ra*fi*Z an^ twining the militia within that part of Great Bn-

and enfigns	tz'n called England ; and to efiablijb certain regulations tenth refftz

ferving in the	to officer sferving in the corps of fencible men directed to he raffedin she

militia, &c.	part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other eorps there*

repealed.	*tn ffumioned, as relates to the half-pay of lieutenants and enfigns

»	ferving in the militia, and the oath therein dire&ed to be taken bj

them, be, and the feme is hereby repealed*

Perfon*intit- XVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aferefeid, led to half pay Xhat no perfon who is intitled to half-pay (hall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit fuch half-pay during the time he IbaJI ferve a* lieu- ferve as lieutenant, enfign, adjutant, quarter-matter, or furgeon, tenants, &c. in any regiment of militia, but that the fame (hall neverrhetds In the militia, continue; and inttead of tire oath now appointed, fuch officer (hall take the following oath :

Kew oath for j ^ j}. do Jwear, That I had not, between the ceil" ferving ..	any place or employment of profit, civil r

in the militia, military, under his Majejlyy befides my allowance of half -pay, as a rt* duced	in	late regiment of

[or allowance as	in	late	tro*f

of borfe guards, or	regiment of horfe reduced,]

Javc and except my pay as lieutenant, enfign, adjutant, quarter-maf ter, or [urge on > [as the cafe may be,]for ferving in a regiment *j tnihtia.

And the taking of the faid oath (hall be fufficient to intitle fuch perfon to receive his half-pay, or the faid allowance, without taking any other oath \ any thing in the faid recited ad, or any other law, ttatute, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftand-

ing.

Half-pay not XVII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefeid, to be forfeited Xhat no perfon who is intitled to half-pay (hall be deemed or lieu ten an tf ** taken to forfeit or quit fuch half-pay, during the time he (hail &c. in the* ferve as a lieutenant, enfign, adjutant, quarter-matter, or furge-fencible*. on, in any regiment of fencible men, but that the fame (hall neverthelefs continue; and inttead of the oath now appointed, fuch officer (hall take the following oath:

bal7 Toffi.r T	fitaear^	That	I had not, between the

cers ferving in ^	any P^aci or employment of profit, civil or

the fencibles. military, under bis majefly, befides my allowance of half pay, as a reduced	in	late regiment of

[or allowance as	in	late	tree}

of horfe guards, or	regiment of horfe reduced,]

Jave and except my pay as a lieutenant, enfign, adjutant, quarter-maf-ter, or Jurgeon, [as the cafe may be,] forferving in a regiment of fencible men.

And the taking of the faid oath (hall be fufficient'to intitk fuch perfon to receive his half-pay, or the faid allowance, withoit

taking

Digitized by Google

1779*3 Anno dedmo nonoGfioROU III. c. 7a.



taking any other oath; any thing in the (aid recited ad, or any other law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary notwitbftanding.

XVIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Serjeants on any perfon being a ferjeant on the eftabfithment of Chelfea Hof-

pitaly at an allowance of twelve-pence a day, and being appoint- [”a Hofpitai at ed to ferve in any corps of fencible men, (ball and may receive u. a day, the Uid allowance of twelve- pence a day, together with hie pay being appoint-from the faid corps of fencible men; any law, ufage, or cuftpm, tor (ery* m to the contrary notwitbftanding.	&SS*

XIX.	And be k enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the the faid ai-clerk or clerks of the fubdivifion meetings (hall, after any fob- lowance, to-divihon meeting hath been appointed, give reafonable notice m Set^er wl!11 writing, of the time and place appointed for the fame, to Jhc fcncibles. every deputy lieutenant and juftice of the peace who (hall be re- Thf ^ lident within the faid fubdivifion; and alfo to the commanding clerksoMbb-officer of the regiment, if on actual fervice, or, if not on aflual divition meet-fervice, to the colonel thereof, an account of the days fixed for ings. receiving lifts, ballotting and (wearing in the men, of fuch fubdivifion ; and (hall, as foon as the men are fworn in, likewife

tranfmit to the commanding officer or colonel as aforefaid, a lift, fpecifying the names, trades, and ufual places of abode, of fuch men as are fworn, and, if fubftitutes, the names, trades, and places of abode, of the principals in the room of whom they were fworn,

XX. And whereas, by an aft* made in the fecondyear of the reign Recital ofpart of his prefent Majejly* intituled* An a& to explain, amend, and re- °f die militia duce into one aof parliament, the fevcral laws now in being

relating to the ralfing and training the militia within that part fubdivUion of Great Britain called England, it is enafted* That in the fevcral meetings. counties, ridings* and places, v.here the militia has been* or /hall be* raifed* four fubdivifion meetings Jhall* on the lajl Tuesday in May, or on the lajl Tuelday in October, be appointed for the purpofes of the faid aft ; and fevcral directions* provifions, and penalties* are contained in the faid aft, refpefting the ballotting* inrolling and providing fubjlitutes, and for other purpofes* to be done at fuch four fubdivifion meetings :■ and whereas fubdivifion meetings are likewife* by the faid aft* direfted to be held, upon /even days notice being giving* for filling up vacancies in the militia, and for other purpojes therein mentioned; but doubts have arifen whether the fevcral powers* pro-viflons* and penalties* in the faid aft contained* can.ext end to enforce the	m

orders made at any other fubdivifion meeting than at the four that may be appointed by the general meetings on the lajl Tucfday in May, or on the lajl Puefday in October; be it therefore cna<5ted by the autho- Fv,<:ry Pfr^ofl rity aforefaid. That in all cafes where ballots are directed to be f^^to the^ taken by any of the laws relating to the militia, every perfon mlitialaw*, chofen purfuant to the faid a<SU, at any fubdivifion meeting at any fubdi-thcreby appointed, fhall he inrolled, and every fubfticute provid-ed (hall fubferibe hisconient to ferve, and (hall ferve in the fak) inrolled ? and militia for the fpace of three years, and fhall be liable and fub- every fubfti-jc<$ to all the fevcral directions, provifions, and penalties, in the tute fubicrib*

faid hcrein-before recited aft of the fecond of hi* prefent Ma- *?18 conrcn* to

• a*, *crvc f°r lcliy three years*

Digitized by

Google

Recital of a claufe in the militia a &

St Geo* 3*

The fame power* given by that aft to commanding officers, deputy lieutenants, Sec. re-fpefting ballot ting four months previous to the expiration of the time of fervice, when the regiment, Sec fhall be at a diftance from home, are hereby continued, whether tney are in or out of the county. Commanding officer impow-ered to ditch arge fo many of Ms men whole time of fervice is near expired, as there are ptherftal lotted as aforefaid to fupply their places. If any perfon ballotted to * ferve in the militia, fhall not appear to be fworn in, nor find a fubftitute, nor pay 10 /. &c.

Anno decitoo nono Gzorgii HI. c.^2.	£1779.

jefty contained, or in any other ad relating to the militia of this

kingdom.

XXI.	And whereas, by the jaid aB of the eighteenth year of bit prefent Majefty, power is given to the deputy lieutenants and jftftueiy upon certificate from the commanding officer of any regmentj battalion, or company, to ballot for other men to ferve in the militia, where the time of any militia-man /ball be within four months of its expiration, when the regiment fhall be embodied, and at a diftance from home : and whereas doubts have arifen how far the fame poooer extends when the regiment /ball be embodied, and within the county; and it is highly expedient that the faid claufe jbould bo explained and made clear, fo that no future doubts may arife thereupon; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all the lame and like powers, directions, and provifions, given by that ad to (he commanding officers, deputy lieutenants, juftices, and others, with refpeft to the ballotting for proper men to ferve in the militia, in lieu of others, four months previous to the expiration of their time, when embodied, and at a diftance from home, fhall be and are hereby continued and given to the commanding officers, deputy lieutenants, juftices, and others, to proceed to ballot for luch other men, and to execute the powers neceflary thereto, at any time within four months previous to the expiration ,of their time, when the regiment, battalion, or company, fhall be within the county, riding, or place, to which it belongs, or in any other county, riding, or place; and further, that the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or company, fhall have power to difeharge fuch number of men of his regiment, battalion, or company ferving therein, whofe times of fervice are within the time of the expiration aforefaid, and to receive fuch other men, in lieu thereof, as (hall be fo ballotted, or inrolled and fworn in as ballotted men or fubftitutes, at any time within the term fo allowed, whether the regiment fhall be within the county, or abfent from home in any other part of the kingdom ; and the time of the fervice of fuch men fo received, fworn in, and inrolled, fhall commence at any time within the term allowed as aforefaid, or at the end thereof.

XXII.	And whereas it frequently happens that perfims drawn, by ballot, to ferve in the militia, negleB to appear, agreeable to the order j of the deputy lieutenants and juftices of the peace, to be fworn in and I inrolled, or to find a fubftitute to ferve in their ftead, or to pay the fum of ten pounds, and fuch perfons fo negkBing have not fuffieient effects whereon to levy the faid fum by diftrefs and fale, and by the laws now in being, in cafe they are apprehended for fuch failure or negleCi, can only be pum/hed by three months imprijonment in the boufe of correction, which puniflment is by no means adequate, when the militia in which they are drawn to ferve are embodied; be it therefore enafted, for remedy thereof, That, from and after the palling of this aft, whenever any perfon drawn, by ballot, to ferve in any militia regiment or company, fhall negleft to appear to be fworn in, or to find a fubftitute to ferve in his ftead, or to pay the fum of ten pounds, or fhall not have fuffieient effefts whereon to levy

Digitized by

Google

1779*1 Aftno decimo nono.GE^ROii IH. c- 7»;	415

the fame by diftref* and tale, and be aAwvwds apprehended* by

warrant from any deputy lieutenant or juftice of the peace, foe ftfch offence, inftead of bemg puni(hed-hy commlhnent1 to the butflrallbd honfeof:corr«<9ton, as aforelaid, hi* name (hail beenrered on ateerward*ap* the.ixdls, and he fhall be delivered over to fome -proper office* preheoded,

-of the regiment or company for which be-was drawn, and be £1S namefliall compelled to ferve for-the full term of three years front the rime ^ccr^c^n of his. apprebenfion, and be liable to the fame punifhmeats for (hall be de* afterwards abfeonding, deferring, or otherwife, as if he hadori^ livered to a ginallv attended, aod been duly fworn and inrolled*	proper officer,

XXIII.	And whereas, by an aft* paJJ'ed in the fecondytar of bh Mujtftft reign, intituleds An ad to explain, amend, and reduce thrce years# imo one ad of parliament* the feveraJ laws relating to the'ini* Deputy lieu-Julia forces in that part of Great Britain called England, certain tenants, See, prwers were granted t* deputy lieutenants and jujlices to hold' fubdi* on receiving vijion meetings, and'to order frefb ballots for the purpofe offilling, up ^^•nC0Qf“ Vacancies, in the cafes therein mentioned, giving, feven days notice of™™ ^fguiar fuch meetings \ and doubts have arifen to what cafes or vacancies difeharge of fmk powers extend; be it enaded, That the faid deputy Jieute-j any mintia flints and juftices (hall, and they are hereby required, in all cafes, man* *c> are whdn a regular difeharge of any militia man (hall be produced *£ccrinhis^ tp them, from any commanding officer, certifying the reafon of «cad.

Aujh difeharge, and that fuch reafon renders fuch militia man U^fit for fervice, to proceed to confirm the fame, and alfo to, caufo the lifts to be amended, and other perfons to be chofen ta fill up fuch vacancies, in like manner as in and by the faid recited ad, or any other law now in force relating to the mijitia, i$ directed and provided.	.

XXIV.	And whereas great inconvenieneies have arifen from ffr*

tain powers granted by an afl,poJfedin the eighteenth year of his Ma- ,	’

yefifs reign, intituled. An ad for defraying the charge of the pay I4f	#	\

and clOathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand ftven hundred and feventy*eight; and for filling up vacancies in the militia, in the cafes therein mentioned ; be it enaded, That fo much of the faid ad as relates to thfe powers granted to deputy lieutenants and juftices, and to colonels or commanders of regiments or battalions, to difeharge militia men, and order frdh ballots, before the expiration of the term fo^ which fuch militia men (hall have been chckn by lot, and in-rolled to ferve, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXV.	And whereas by the militia laivs notv in being, it is enaftei, Recital of pare That his Majejly's lieutenant for every county, riding, and place, to* of form*r mi* gether with any two deputy lieutenants, or in the Offence, removal*

or deaths of his Majefly s lieutenant, any three deputy lieutenants, anp"fq|£,g Jballpfor Jcveral of the purpofts in the Jaid afl declared, appoint fub- fubdivifion* dmfions of the faid deputy lieutenants, within their fafpeftive coun- of d«puty ties, ridings, and places, and Jball ijfue out their orders to the chief lieutenant*. tollable, and when there is no chief eonjlable, to fome other officer of the ftveral hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divifions, within their refpeftiv* counties, ridings* and places, to require* by orders under Voi XXXII.	E	e	their

Digitized by

Got e

4*$	Anno derimo nono Georg a III. c.72.	[1775.

thtir hands tthtton/iabU* Uthingman, htadborougb, or at for officer,sf parijb, tithing, or place, within their refpeflive hundreds, rapes, iota, wapentakes, or other divtftous, to return to the deputy lieutenants, wnihit their refpeflivefubdivifions, at the place and on the day appointed at tbt /aid fir ft general meeting, fair and true lifts in writing of the names ef d the men ufually, and at that time, dwelling within their refpeflive purifies, tithing*, and places, between the ages of eighteen and fosty-fm, diftinguijbing their refpeflive ranks and occupations, and for the it-veral other purpofes in the /aid a# dire fled: and whereas, fir she deferent rapes in the county of Suflcx* there are no peace officers vrt can at1 officially as belonging to the Jdid rapes: and whereas the rcpc> in the Jaid county are the mojl convenient dijlrifls to be appointed a tbefubdtvifions for the deputy lieutenants to execute the feveral pv-pojes dire fled by the faid afls, and do contain within their bound-nes ftViral hundreds, to each of which there is a peace officer bel&t-ing: and whereas the boroughs and titbings, over whub there an headborougbs, titbingmen, or other peace officers, are uncertain in tits boundaries, and often include parts of various parijbes from whiz great inconveniencies arife, both in ballot ting for the men to be draw: by lot for the fervid of the faid militia, and dlfo in the payment si the money dire fled to be paid by the parijbes to thofe who may be cl lotted to ferve: and whereas it would be more expedient that tit halloaing for men to ferve in the faid militia for the county */Suitex fbould be by the divifm of parijbes, to which divifton there are a Lord Heute- Peace officers 5 be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, nantotSuiTex That, from and after the lad Tuefday in Oflober next, his fod after the laft Majefty’6 lieutenant, or on his death or removal, 6r on his ab-Jext^C^ober ^cnce> any three or more deputy lieutenants of the county ct to ^ffue onlers $U]F£*> an(* may HTue out his or their orders to the chki to the chief conftable of the feveral hundreds in the rapes in the faid couat? conitable* of where their fubdivifions may have been or may be appointed, hundredsto dire&ing fuch chief conftables to iffue their precepts to the ceputo rprC* churchwardens or oyerfeers of the poor of each parifh within churchwar- their refpe&ive hundreds or other divifions, to return to the dens, See. to deputy lieutenants within their refpc&ive fubdivifions, at the return to the piaCe anj on the dayS \>y them directed, fair and true lifts in tenants lifts" writing of the names of all the men ufually dwelling withia of the names their refpedtive parifhes, between the ages of eighteen and forty-of all men five, diftinguifhing their refpe&ive ranks and occupations, and dwelling in for fuch feveral other purpofes as are directed to be done by the between^he* conftables, tithingmen, headborough, • or other officer, of each ages oli8 and parifh, tithing, or place, within their refpe&ive hundreds or 45, kc. other divifions, in an adt, made in the fccond year of his prefent Churchwar- Majcfty, intituled, An at7 to explain, amend, and reduce into one fewT^hT* Parliament, the feveral laws now in being relating to the raifii purpofes of * and training the militia within that part of Great Britain udkl the militia . England\ and that the churchwardens and overfeers of the laws, to be poor of the feveral parifhes in the faid county, to whom fuch dwraed the or(icrg ffiall be iffiied, (hall, for the purpofes of the feveral a&s parHbj°ke.	parliament relating to the militia of this kingdom, be deem-

ed the officer of fuch parifh, and (hall be invented with all the

powers

Digitized by

Google

*779-1 Anno deckno nono Georgii III. c. 73, 74.	417

powers and authorities, and be liable to the feveral pains/ penalties, and forfeitures, as the conftable, tithingman, head-borough, or other officer, of any parifh, tithing, or place, art fubje& and liable to, for, or upon account of his refufing or negleAing to return fuch lifts, as aforefaid, of being guilty of fraud or wilful partiality in making thereof, or not attending the orders iffued by his Majefty’s lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants, or for the feveral other bffencea in the Faid recited alt or in the prefent alt contained..

- ;

CAP. LXXIIL

An alt for enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of one million, for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned.	.v	.

preamble. Credit of loan granted to his Majefty for v,000,000	Trea*-

fury may raife the fame by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner as is preferibed by the land tax alt of this leflion, concerning loans, The cJaufes, &c. in the faid alt relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to the loans, 8cc. to be made in purfuance of this alt. Principal and intereft, with charges, to be paid ont of the next fupplies, and if liifhcient fupplies be not granted before July 5, 1780, then to be paid out of the finking fund ; and the monies fo iftued to be replaced out of the fir ft fupplies. The bank impowered to advance, on the faid credit of loan, any fum not exceeding 1,000,000/.

C A P. LXX1V.

An aH to explain and amend the laws relating to the tranfportation% imprifonmenty and other punifoment % of certain offenders.

WHEREAS the punt foment of felons, and other offender j, Preamble.

by tranfportation to his Majefty*s colonies and plantations in America, is attended with many difficulties: be it therefore enatfted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the firft day of July, one thou- When any fand feven hundred and feventy-nine, when any perfon, at any Pf^fon **con“ feflion of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or at any quarter E^ndor or other general feflion of the peace, to be holden for any Wales, of any county, riding, liberty, divifion, city, corporation, or place, crime punifh-within that part of Great Britain called England, or at any great ab*e by tranf-feffion to be holden for the county palatine ofCbeJIer, or within	[?

the principality of Waless (hall be lawfully convilted of any COurt may or-grand or petty larceny, or any other crime, for which he or der him to be lhe is or (hall be liable by law to be tranfported to any of his tranfported to Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, os if any perfon oicFthe ^ convilted of fuch crime hath already been ordered to.be (6 tranf- either in Ame^ ported, but fuch order hath not yet been executed, it-fhall and rica, orelfe-may be lawful for the court before which any fuch fier(3h hath where, been or (hall be fo convi&ed, or any court holden for the fame place with like authority, if fuch court (hall think fit, to order and adjudge that fuch perfon (hall be tranfported to any parts

E e 2	beyond

Digitized by



4*8

Anna drcimo i^ono Georgji III. 0,74. [177^

beyond the fcas, whether the Time be fitugted in Aamcay or _elfc where, in fuch and the like manner, and for tiny term of years not exceeding fuch and the fame term as and for which fuch perfon is or {hall be liable tp be trajifported to any of his Majefty’s colonies and plantations in America aforefaid j any hw, ftatutc, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

When any II. And be it further ena&ed, That when any fuch perfon, C°dV,^d^f3^^iwh° hath already been, or (hall hereafter he fo convjfted, ftxalL, tramportation ir* confequence thereof, be ordered to be traolportcd to anj at aforefaid, parts beyond the Teas,*or if his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffon, or any offend- (hall hereafter be graciou% pleafed to extend the royal mercy Y* c11ludcd rt0 any oflfender convidled or attainted of any felony by which clergy, (hall "h* or ^ 18 excluded from the benefit of clergy, or of fuch receive hit ftatutes as arc equivalent thereunto, upon the condition of Majefty’s par-..tranfportation to any parts beyond the Teas as aforefaid, thenacd

don on condi- jn any fuch cafcs a|j laws, ftatutes, ufages, and cuftoms now Ln force, with regard to the tranfportation of criminals to any cf

“	--	u:o	____i .k~

aforefaid, all laws relating to tran (porta tion of criminals to Ame-

offenders firft mentioned.

his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, and the: punifhroent for being afterwards at large, within any part of the kingdom of Great Britain, before the expiration of the fevercl terms for which they were ordered to be tranfported, or hd tica, and their agreed to tranfport themfelves, and particularly the fever*! proreturning be- vifions contained in an a<ft, made in the fourth year of King fore the expi- George the Firft, intituled. An aft for the further preventing robber), term?fhall bt ^ur£^af7i an& ot^r fdonut ; and for the more effeftual tranfportatiz in force with of felons^ and unlawful exporters of wool; and/or declaring the late refpeft to the < upon fome points relating to pirates; and in one other affr, made in the fixth year of King George the Firft, intituled. An a& fir the further preventing robbery, burglary, and other felonies; and for the more effeftual tranfportation of felons \ and in one other a<5!, puck in the fifteenth year of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for the more eafy and effeftualtonviftion of offenders found at Iprge within the kingdom oj Great Britain, after ihq have been ordered for tranfportation \ and in one other a cl, made in the eighth year of his prefeut M^jcfty, intituled. An aft for the more fpeedy and effeftualtranfportat'unaf offenders; (hall take place, be in force, and enure, with regard to the tranfportation of all fuch offenders as aforefaid, to any part or parts beyond (be Teas, and with regard to their punilhmept for being afterwards at large in this kingdom before the expiration of their refpeeftive terms, in like manner as if the fame had been repeated and fpeciaJly inserted in this a<ft.

III. And whereas the pumfhmeni cf burning in the handy when any perfon is convifted of Jelouy within the benefit f tiergy% is often difregardedy and imfieftaal\i and feme times may fix a lajling mark of ' which he (hall difgraee and infamy on offenderwho might otberwtje become good be liable to be J^jeftsy and profitable man ben of the commonwealth; be it there-hand,'the* * foreena&ed, That, from aud alter the pafling of this a£f, when court*may, any perfon (hall, in any of the courts before mentioned, be law-inftead there- fully convicted of any felony within the benefit of clergy, for of, impofe on which be or (he is liable by l^w tQ be burned Qr marked in the

brawn

When any perfon is con* vifted of any felony for

Digitized by LjOoq le

I779-J Anno ctecirtto nono GfcORGl! III. C. 7*4.	419'

fcraton of thfe left thumb, ft Ihitf may be lawful for the him a mode-£ourt before which any perfbtt (hall be fo convnfted, or anVratefinci court holden for the fame phce With the fike authority, if fucn court fhall think fit, inftead of fuch burning or marking, to im-J>ofe upon fuch offender fuch a moderate pecuniary tine as to the court in its difcretion (hall feem meet i or otherwife it (hall w him be lawful, inftead of fuch burning or marking, in arty of the to be whipped. £afes aforefaid, except in the cafe of manflaughter, to order and adjudge that fuch offender (hall he btrce, or oftener, but net more than three times, either publickly or privately whipped, fuch private whipping to be inflicted in the prtfence of not lefs than two perfons, befides the offender and the officer who in-fli&s the fame ; and in cafe of female offenders, in the prefertce of females only ; and fuch fine or whipping, fo impofed or inflicted, inftead of fuch burning or marking, fliall have the like effedh and confequences to the party on whom the fame, or either of them, (hall be fo impofed or indidfed, with refpedt to • any difcharge from the fame, or other felonies, or any reftitu-tidn to his or her eftates, capacities, and credits, as if ne or (he had been burned or marked a$ aforefaid.	T

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enjhSed, That no- This a& not thing in this a<ft contained (hall abridge or deprive any of the to abridge faid courts of the powers now verted in them by law of detain- fdcl ing and keeping in prifon, for any time not exceeding one year, courts of im-or of committing to the houfe of correction, or publick work- priftming pf-houfe, to be kept to hard labour for any time not lefs than fix feeders, months, or exceeding two years, any fuch offender as aforefaid ; but that fuch offender may, if fuch court (hall think fif,

after fuch burning or marking, or after fuch whipping or fine, as fhall by virtue of tills prefent afl be inflidled or impofed ‘ inftead thereof, be fo detained or committed, and with fuch accumulated punifhtnern, in cafe of efcape from fuch houfe of correction or Workhoufe, as if this a& had never been made. ‘ '

V.	And Whereas, if Marty offenders, c on v idled of crimes for which His Ma jetty

tranfpOrtaiion hath been Ufually in fitted, wire ordered to folitary *mP°.wered t<y

imprtfonment, accompanied by well regulated labonr, and religiont fy^'vifors^

biftrutlion, it might be the means, under providence, not only of de- who are to fix

terring others from the commijfton of the like crimes, but nlfo of re- upon a piece ,

forming the individuals, and inuring them to habits of tndujlry ; be °r gr°und, .

it therefore further enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful

.	3	-	thereon two

tor his tnajefty, in his privy council, to Appoint three perfons tofabttantial -be fupervifors of the buildings to be ere<5ted in purfuance of this edifices, to be ad, and from time to time to remove them, or any of th^m, ca,led Peni-and appoint others in the place of fuch as (hall be fo removed,	for

or (hail die, or refign their truft ; and the faid fupervifors, confining and any two of them, (hall, as loon as conveniently maybe, fix employing upon any common, heath, or wafte, or any other piece or pieces convicts. at ground, which may be lawfully purchafed under the powers of this aeft, and whicn (hall be fituated within any 6ne of thw coupties of Middlefex, Effix, Kent, or Surry, upon which they,	/

qj any two of them, (hall eredl, orcaufc to be created, two

E c 3	plain,

Digitized by v^ooQie

4io	Anna	derimo	nano	Georgii	1X1.	c.	74.	[1779.

plain, ftnong, and fubflantial edifices or houfes, which (hall be called Tbi PmUtotiary Heufts% for the purpofe of confining and employing in bard labour, in one of the faid houfes, fuch male convi#s, and in the other, fuch female convi#s, as, in pur-fuance of the powers hereinafter contained, (hall be ordered to altbt ^nd. hnprifonment and hard labour : provided always. That in fix-fpecnl^rtgu^ ing upon fuch piece or pieces of ground as aforefaid,- regard tobe hadto (hall be efpecially had to healthinefs and the accommodation of healthinefs	water, avoiding,	as far as poflible, any	place	where other build-

-daccon,	j^gg ^ or my	crc^cd contiguous	to, or	within a	fault dit*

-Vrnr tance from the outward fence or inclofure of fuch houfes, ora *	*	fituation within	any populous town :	provided alfo,	That the

Ac.^be a^-* fituation and other circumftances of	iuch	piece or	pieces of

proved of by ground (hall be reported to and approved of by the lord chan-the lord chan- cell or, the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, the juftie'es of the cdloi , the	courts of king’s bench and common pleas, the barons of the

iudge^and co*f court cxchequer, and the lord mayor of Lmkn, lord mayor, for the time being rcfpe#ively, or by any eight or more of them, before.the fame (hall be finally fixed upon, or any pur chat made of the fame.

VL And be it further ena#ed, That when fuch piece or pieces After fuch	of ground (hall be fixed upon, with fuch approbation as aforefaid,

approbation, the fey fopervifors, or any two of them, (hall, as foon as may be, contra# for the abfolute jpurchafe, in fee-fimple, of the the ground, f**d piece or pieces of ground, for the purpofe of eredling there-which (hall be on fuch penitentiary houfes, and other buildings and inclofures, conveyed to in fuch manner as herein is directed; which ground fo to be affize of the Purcfia^ (hall be conveyed to the clerk of affize of the home home circuit circuit for the time being, and to his fucceffors for ever; and for the time the faid clerk of affize for the time being is hereby made and being.	declared -to be a corporation foie, for the fpecial purpofe of being

capable to take and hold, in perpetual fucceffion, the faid piece or pieces of ground for the ufes and purpofes of this a#.

VII. And be it further ena#ed, That it (hall and maj be fncapacitated kwful for all corporations aggregate or foie, ecclefiaftical, civil, perfons im- or eleemofynary, huibands, guardians, committees, executors, powered to fell adminiftrators, and all truftees whatfoever, not only on behalf the Curbofcf0r themfe*ves> hut alfo on behalf of their ceftuique trims, whether ©f*hba#.Cg infants or iflue unborn, lunatick9, idiots, femes-covert, or other perfon or perfons under any difability whatfoever, and alfo for all other perfons who are or (hall be feifed, pofiefled of, or in-terefted in, any piece or pieces of ground on which the faid penitentiary houfes, or either of them, (hall be appointed to be eredted, to contra# or agree for, fell, convey, and afliirc fuch piece or pieces of ground unto fuch clerk of affize for the time being ; and all fuch contra#s, agreements,' Tales, conveyances, and affurances, (hall be valid and effe#ual in the law, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding $ and all corporation! and perfons fo agreeing or conveying, are hereby indemnified j£or what they (hafi refpc#ively do by virtue of this a#.

; ' VIII. And

Digitized by v^ooQle

177^-] Anno dccimo nono G&o*Gif JW.C* J14;. -	421

VIIT. And be It further 6fia£te<^ That-aH fumvof money Sum# paid for which (hall be agreed to be paid to any Corporation*} hufbands, execotors, adminiftrators, guardians, committee*, or other trot* U?d out tees whatsoever, for or on behalf of any infanta, lunaticks, idiots? in the pur-femes-covert, or other ttftwnue trufts, or to any other perfect or chafe of lands perfons whofe lands (hall be limited in ftri# fcttlement, for the habjeft tothe purchafe of any fuch piece or pieces of ground as aforefaid, (halt, rn cafe fuch fumsof money (hail exceed the fum of onc hun-	f

dred pounds, be laid out by fuch corporations, hufbands,executors, adminiftrators, guardians, commitees, or other truftees, or any perfon or perfons feifed of land fo limited in ftri# fertiemenr, as foon as conveniently may be, in the purchafe of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fee-fimple, to be conveyed to, or to the ufe of, fuch corporations, hufbands, executors, admtni-ftrators, guardians, committees, or other truftees, and to apd for fuch other perfon or perfons, and for fuch eftatc and eftatps, and to, for, upon, and fubjelt to, fuch ufes, trufts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the lands or grounds for or in refpe# whereof fuch purchafe-money (hall be paid as afore&id,

(hall be limited, fettled, and allured, at the time fuch purchafe or contra# (hall be made in manner aforefaid, or fuch as (hall be then capable of taking effe#, the charges of fuch conveyances and fettlements to be paid in the fame manner as the ex-pence of building on fuch ground ; and in the mean time, and until fuch purchafe or purchafes (hall be made, fuch money, pu^hafe &sll Whether the fame (hall or (hall not exceed the fum 6f one be made, to be hundred pounds, be laid out by fuch corporations, or other placed out on perfons for the time being interefted therein, in fome govern© gotrtrnment ment fecurities, in the names of two perfons, one to be nomi- *ccu*,tT* itated by the party or parties for the time being interefted therein, and the other by the fupervifors aforefaid ; and the intereft arifing from fuch fecurities (hall be paid to fuch perion or perfons refpe#ively as would have been entitled to the rents and profits of fuch piece or pieces of ground, in cafe the fame had not been fold, or would for the time being be entitled to the rents and profits of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments fo to be pur-chafed, in cafe the fame were purchafed and fettled as aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further ena#ed. That if any fuch corporations. If owners «• huibands, guardians, committees, executors, adminiftrators, or to tre*t» other truftees, or any perfon or perfons for the time being inte- the^ric^of-refted in any fuch piece or pieces of ground as aforefaid, upon fcrrid by the notice to him, her, or them given, or left in writing at the houfe fupervilor*, or houfes, or other place or places of abode, of fuch perfon or tjj* v*h*«<>f perfons, or of the principal officer or officers of any fuch corpo- b^f^rtained ration, (hall, for the fpace of twenty one days next after fuch by a jury, notice given or left, negle# or refufe to treat, or (hall refufe to accept fuch price as (hall be offered by the faid fupervifors, or their agent, or fhall otherwise not agree for the fale of fuch piece or pieces of ground, or if, by reafon of abfence or incapacity, they (hall be prevented from treating for fuch fale, then, and in every fuch cafe, the faid/fupervifors* or any two of them,

E c 4	{hall

'*n

Witnefle* may be examined oa oath.

Supervifor* to order fuch fum to be paid as (hall be af-certained by the jury.

*rerdi£t of the jury, and order thereupon, to be recorded, and 'final.

How the jury (ball be fum-ihoned.

Juror? may be

challenged.

Supervifor*

Anno deqpno ncooGEOJiGii 111; c.74^.	f 1779.

(bull 0<uife the v&lue of fuch ground to be enquired into and ascertained by a jury of indifferent men of the county, riding liberty, divifion, city, corporation, or place, wherein the fine (hall be fitus^ed ; and to that epd (hail Summon and call before fuch jury, and. examine .upon path, (which oath any one or more of fuch fupervifors is and are hereby impowered to adau-nifter,) any per (bn or perfons whomsoever *, and fuch fuperri-fors, or any of them, (hall* by ordering a view, or other* wife, ufe all ways and means for the information of thprofelwes, and of fuel* jury, in the premifes; and when fuch jury flail have enquired of and ascertained the value of fuch ground, the Said fupervifors (hall thereupon order that the fum. or Sums of money which 4hall fo appear to be the value of fuch ground, (hall be paid and applied in fuch manner as is herein-before dire^ed touching the money to be paid for ground, for 6k whereof the perfon or perfons interefted (hall cQntwkft and agree in manner aforefaid ; which verdieft or inquifition, and order, (hall be filed on record by the clerk of the peace of the &d county, riding, liberty, divifion, city, corporation, or place, and (hall be final and condufive, to all intents and purpofes what* faever, againft all parties and perions whomfoever, claiming or to claim in podefiion, remainder, reverfion, or otherwife, their heirs and fucceffors, as well abfent as prefent, infants, /emes-emn, lunaticks, idiot?, <*and perfons under any difability what foe ver, corporations, hufbands, guardians, truftees, committees, execo-tors, adminiftrators, or any other perfon or perfons whomfoever.

X. And, for fummoning and returning fuch juries, be it further ena&ed. That fuch fupervifors, or any two of them, may iffue their warrant or warrants to the fheriff or bailiff of any particular county, riding, liberty, divifion, city, corpora* lion, or place, within the limits of which the Said grouod (hail be fituated, requiring him to impannel, fummon, and return, an indifferent jury of twenty-four perfons, qualified to Serve upon juries, to appear before the Said fupervifors, or any two of them, at fuch time and place as in fuch warrant or warrants (hall be appointed ; and fuch (her iff or bailiff is and are hereby required to impannd, fummon, and return, fuch number of jgpfons accordingly ; and out of the perfons In fum maned, im* pannclled, and returned, or out of fuch of them as (hall appear upon fuch funupons, the faid fupervifors, or any two of them, (hall, and they are hereby impowered and required to draw by ballot, and to fwear, or caufe to be fworn, twelve mett, who (hall be the jury for the purpofes aforefaid ; and in default of a Sufficient number of jury men fo returned, the faid (heriff or bailiff (hall take fuch other honeft and indifferent men of the by-ftanders, or that can fpeediiy be procured to attend that fcr-vice, to make up the number of twelve; and all perfons con-cerned (hall have their lawful challenges againft any of the faid jurymen when they come to be fworn; and the faid fupervifors, or any two of them, fhall have ppwer, from time to time, to impole a fine or fines upon fuch fheriff or bailiff, pr bis deputy

Digitized by

1779*] Anno decmiq nono GEaROiiHL :c. 74.*	423

or deputies, making def*ultin the premies, and on any of (he may impofe a perfons who (hall be fummoned and returned on fuch jury, and ^ne on who (hall not appear, or appearing, (hall refufe to befworn on tbfc'dtfauit. ,Dg laid jury, or being (worn, (hall refufe to give, or (hall not give, a ‘ verdwrt, or (hall in any other manner wilfully negkdt his or their duty therein ; and alfoonany perfons who, being fummoned and required to give evidence before the find jury, (hall refufe or neg-led to appear, or appearing, (hall refufe to befworn, or to give evidence ; fo that no fuch fine be more than ten pounds, nor leis than twenty (hillings, on anv one perfonfor one offence.

XL And be it further ena&ea. That in cafe any jury (hall Expence* of give io and deliver a vcrdid for more money, as the value of jury and wit-(uch ground (b to be purchafed, than what (hall have been ne™ ' * offered for the purchafe thereof, by the faid fupervifors or their 0 agent, to any perfon capable of contracting for the fame, the' v cofts and expences of fummoning and maintaining the jury *nd witneifes (hall be borne and paid out of the fame fund as the expenccof the buildings to be erected thereon; but if fuch jury fhaJl give in and -deliver a verdict for no more, or for lefs money than the money which (hall have been fo offered .by fuch fupervifors, or their agents, then the cods and expences of fummoning and maintaining the faid jury and witnefles (hall be borne and paid by the perlon or perfons with whom fuch con-troverfy or difpute, touching the value of fuch grounds, (hall arife.

XII.	And be it further enaded. That upon payment of the On payment money fo ordered to be paid for the pbrehafe of fuch grounds or tender of and premifes, or, upon refufal or inability to receive the fame, „cv leaving the fame in the hands of the clerk of the peace of the forV may take county where fuch penitentiary houfes are to be built, for the pofleflion of ufe of the perfons or parties entitled thereto, rt (hall be lawful the premifes. for the faid fupervifors, or any two of them, their workmen or

agents, to enter upon and take pofleflion of fuch grounds and premifes, for the ufes and purpofes of this ad, and thereupon all fuch perfons and parties (hall be diverted of all right and title to fuch grounds and premises.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That Limitation of nothing in this ad contained (hall extend to compel the fale of ^0^0^° any ground, with a houfe or other building, bonafidi intended eis otground for the purpofes of habitation, upon it; or of any park, pad- to (ell. dock, orchard, or other ground, inclofed for the immediate convenience of any houfe, or of the offices belonging thereto ;

or any ground improved as pleafure ground, or planted with wood; or any inclofed ground immediately adjoining to any houfe, park, paddock,garden, orchard, yard, or pleafure ground, and occupied therewith 5 or any ground between any houfe and any paik, paddock, yard, offices, garden, orchard, or pleafure ground, belonging to fuch houfe, and occupied therewith.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That the fadd fupervifors, or Superiors to any two of them, (hall contract with proper j>erfons for erect- ^^ereaion ing fuch penitentiary houfes, together with the feveral buildings of *the houfes,

a	and	&c.

Digitized by v^ooQle

4?4	Anno	dcdmo	rfonaGEoRGil	TIT.	C. 74.

and inclofures thereunto belonging, fend (hall fiiperinttndihc credion of fuch houfes and buildings, and the duo performance of fuch contrads as (hall be entered into touching' the Emit; One of which and the faid penitentiary houfes (hall be made fiifficiently br*e fhall be large to contain, the one of them fix hundred male convids, and the co^ain 6° Ql^er them three hundred female convids ; arid eachoffoch males'andthe houfes, or the buildings and inclofure thereunto belonging, other*30° fe- contain proper ftorehoufies, warehoufes, veorkhoufesy and males; with lodging-rooms, an infirmary, a chapel and burying-ground; a proper ftore- prifon divided into dark but airy dungeons, a kitchen garden, u c* and alfo proper airing grounds, yards, offices, and other nfccef-fery apartments for the feveral officers and fervants herein after

A plan of the diredted to be appointed: provided always, That before *mr boiMings, and fuch contra ds (hall be made or entered into by the faid fiijfef-the^e^pence	the P*an ^ch houfes and'buildings, with the eftimat&

tobe approved	expence of ereding the fame, (hall be faid before, and

©f by the lord approved of by, the fame perfons to whom the approbation of chancellor, tlie.^piece or pieces of ground whereon the fame are intended to &c*	be cre&ed is herein-before referred, or by any eight or mbreof

Ex ence* of t*Kin: 'Provided aMo, That the expences of purehafing the fad ^rdTafmgthe ground, of ereding the f)id buildings, and of making a proper ground, and sompenfation to the faid fupervifors for their trouble and chuges, ereding the being previoufly examined and fettled, from time to time, by tobede^ra^ed	°f	the	peace of the county or place wherein fuch

by warrants6 groun^ lhall be fituated, at their quaner or other general fd-from the trea- fion, and approved and allowed by the juftices of affixe, at their tury*	then next fubfequent affixes, or, if in Middlefex, by the juftices

of the court of King’s Bench, (hall from time to time be defrayed by warrants from the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafery, or the high treafurer for the time being, and (hall be provided for in the manner herein-after mentioned.

Hi* Majefty XV. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and maybe >mpowered to lawful for his Majefty in his privy council to nominate tnd

committee of ^PP0101 ^rce gentlemen, or other creditable and fbbftantialper-commi ee ot	a$	and for a committee to fuperintend the faid houfes, and

from time to time to remove all or any of the perfons compofin* the committee, and appoint othprs in their dead, or in-the’Seat) of fuch as (hall die or refign; which perfons fo compofingthe faid committee, (hall be intitled to fuch allowance per dim for their trouble and expences, in every day’s adual attendance on the duties of their ctfice, as the faid juftices of the peace, ar their quarter or other general feflion, with the approbation and allowance of the jqftices of afiize, at their then next fubfequent alfizes, or, if in Middleftx, by the juftices of his Majefty1* court of King's Bench, ihall from time to time order and dired; Committee to arK* l^e committee, or any two of them, (hall and mayap-appoint a	point a clerk, to continue during their pleafure, with fuch fa-

clerk, who	jary as they (hall judge to be reasonable; which clerk (hall keep

lhall minute rCgo]ar minutes of the proceedings of the faid committee; and the (aid committee, or any two of them, are alfo hereby autho-rifed and required xo appoint dated meetings, giving two days

notice

three perfons, to fopenn-tend the laid boutes.

their proceedings.

Digitized by v^ooQle

f779*} Anno decimo noqo GeoROU llh C. 74.	425

potice ^hereof, and from time to time to adjourn the fame, aijd at fuch dated and adjourned meetings, and not otherwife, nor in any lefs number, to carry this aft into execution; and at every fuch meeting the chairman of fuch committee ihall not only have a fingle voice or vote, but, in cafe of equality' of pumbers, a decifive or cafting vote.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That when the faid peni- Committee to tentiary houfes fhall be erefted, and fo fitted upas to be ready oftcers, or nearly ready for the reception of the offenders herein-afrer afid provide direfted to be fent thereto, the committee fhall elect fuch officers ^p*oying°r us are herein-after direftpd, and (hall make provifion for dock offenders'* and materials for the ufe and employment of the offenders to be ^confined ip the faid penitentiary houfes; and alio (hall make and to make orders for the regulation of the laid houfes, and of fuch offend- orders of re-<rs, in fuch cafes as are not by this aft particularly provided gulation, for; which orders of regulation, being approved of by the faid

judices of the peace, at their quarter or other general feffions, thcjuftices/ and confirmed and allowed by the juftices of affize at their then &c before next fubfequent affizes, or, if in MiAdle[ex% by the judices of*t!,ey.ire car* the court of King's Bentby (hall be carried into execution; and the faid committee fhall, in like manner, from time to time, as often as they fhall think ne^eflary, make any other orders of regulation, as well for repeal of fuch orders before made, as by yiay of addition thereto, which? before they are carried into execution, fhall alfo be approved of, confirmed, and allowed by the judices aforefaid.	-	»	-

XVII.	And be it further enafted. That for the regulation Enumeration and management of each of fuch penitentiary houfes, and pre- officers to vioufly to the opening thereof for the reception of offenders,

there (hall be elefted and appointed by the faid committee, a mittee 1°**" governor, a chaplain, a furgeon or apothecary, a dorekeeper, * and a tafk-matter; and alfo, in the houfe fet apart for female convifts, a matron; and in each of them, fuch other officers as the faid committee, with fuch approbation, confirmation, and allowance, as aforefaid, fhall judge neceffary ; and fuch officers (hall from time to time be removeable by any order of the faid committee; and when any vacancy (hali happen, new officers (hall be elefted by the fame authority; and fuch falaries and who fhall at-other allowances fhall be made to the (aid officers, with fuch ap- ]0w them probation, confirmation and allowance, as aforefaid, and alfo lanes, fuch of them from whom the faid committee may deem it proper to require fecurity for the due and faithful execution of their offices, fhall give fuch fecurity accordingly, as the faid committee from time to time fhall direft.

XVIII.	Provided always, That the falaries of the refpeftive Salaries of governors and task-matters fhall totally, if poffible, or at leaft governors and in great meafure, arife from the profits of the work that fhall be

done and performed in each feverai penitentiary houfe; and the mUch as faid committee is hereby required, with fuch approbation, 6on- poffible from firmation, and allowance, as aforefaid, fo to order and appoint the profits of fuch falaries, that the fame may bear a conftant proportion to

Digitized by

Google

Committee may, with fucn approbation as aforefaid,vary the number of officers.

The governor of each houfe to be a body corporate, and accountable for the conduct of his fcmmts.

Governor im-powered to contra# for clothing, diet, &c. neceflary for the offenders, with the approbation ot the committee.

Accounts relating to the maintenance of each houfe, &c. to be entered in a book.

Doty of the ttore-keeper and talk* matter.

Anno dedmo tiono Georgii HI. c. 74.

the quantity of labour performed in each feveral houfe, and that it may become the intereft, as well as duty, of each governor and task-maRer to fee that all perfons under his and their cuf-tody and diredhon be regularly and profitably employed.

XIX.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enadted. That it (hall be lawful for the faid committee, from time to time, with fuch approbation, confirmation, and allowance as afore-faid, to increafe, diminifh, difeontinue, or vary, the number of officers to be appointed for any fuch houfe in purfuance of the directions aforefaid, except by taking away or difeontirtuifag any of the offices of governor, matron, chaplain, and forgeon or apothecary to the fame.

XX.	And be it further enadted, That the governor of every fuch penitentiary houfe (hall be a body corporate, and (hall fue and be fued, by the name of the governor of the penitentiary beafe fvr inales (or Jot females, as the cafe (hall require,) in the parilh i or place wherein it fhall happen to be fituated : and (hall from time to time employ fuch fervants, overfeers, and affiftants, as he (hall think proper and neceflary, and for whofe conduct he (hall be anfwerable; provided that the faid governor do employ no other but males, in the houfes fet apart for male convidb, and females, where the work can be performed by females, in fuch as (hall be fet apart for female convidts,

XXI.	And be it further enadted, That the faid governor (hall alfo have power to make contradls with any perfons whomsoever, for the clothing, diet, and all other neceflaries for the maintenance and fupport of the offenders confined in fuch houfe, for implements or materials of any kind of manufacture, trade, or mvflery, in which offenders confined in fuch houfe (hall be employed, fuch contradls being previoufly approved by the committee, and alfo to carrv on fuch manufacture and myfiery m fuch houfe, and to fell (uch goods, wares, and merchandize, as (hall be there wrought and manufactured; and the governor of every fuch penitentiary houfe (hall caufe all accounts touching the maintenance of fuch houfe, and the offenders therein, to be entered regularly in a book or books to be kept for that pur-pofe; and alfo the governor and ftorekeeper (hall each keep fe-parate accounts of all fuch Rock and materials as (hall be brought into fuch houfe for employing fuch offenders; and fuch flock and materials (hall from time to time be delivered out by the faid Rorckeeper, as occafion (hall require, to the task-mafter, who (hall give receipts to fuch Rorekeeper for the fame, and (hall diftribute the fame arnongR the feveral offenders to be employed in working thereon; and fuch task-maRer, or his affift-ants, (hall conRantly fuperintend the work of the faid offenders, and take an account of every neglecR of work, or other mi(bc-haviour, and likewife of any extraordinary diligence or good behaviour in any of fuch offenders, and from time to time (hall report the fame to the governor, who lhall caufe the fame to be entered -in a book to be kept for that purpofe 5 and fuch task-maRer (hall alfo l^eep accounts of the quantities daily worked

Digitized by

1779*1 Anno dccimo nona Georgii IIL c.74.	4*7

by the feveral offenders, and (hall return the materials, when 'wrought and manufactured, to the ftorek&eper; who (hall give receipts to the (askmafter for the faipe, and (hall from time to time, with the privity and approbation of the governor, fell and difpofe thereof, and pay the money arillng from fuch fales to the governor, who (hall be accountable for the fame to the committee, in manner herein-after mentioned ; and the faid governor and ftorekeeper (hall keep feparate accounts of the materials To wrought, manufactured, fold, and difpofed of, and the . feveral fums of money for which the fame (hall be fo fold, and when fold, and to whom, in books to be provided for thofe purpofcs.

XXII. And be it further enafled, That the faid feveral books The books to fo to be kept by the faid governor and ftorekeeper, and the fe- be kept by the veral entries therein, (hall be examined by the faid com- governor and mittee, and (hall be by them compared with the feveral receipts ^fbe^wca-'and other vouchers, and (hall be verified by fuch governor and mined by the ftorekeeper, upon oath, if required, before fuch committee, and committee* fhal],,if approved of by fuch committee, be allowed, and figned by any two of them, and if fuch committee (hall difapprove of any articles in fuch accounts, they (hall difalloW the fame.

A XIII. And be it further enabled. That if the faid committee who.onfaf-(hall fufpeA any fraudulent or improper charges in any of fuch ac-counts of the faid governor or ftorekeeper, or any omiffion there- chw^&c. out, they may,examine upon oath the faid governor, ftorekeeper, may eiNimioe or any of the bfficers or fervants belonging to fuch houfe, or any of upon oath the perfons employed about the fame, or any perfons of whom any any P***00* rieceflaries, ftock, materials, or other things, have been purchafed Jh” for the ufe of fuch houfe, or any perfons to whom any ftock or materials,* wrought or manufactured therein, have been fold, or any of the Offenders confined in fuch penitentiary houfe, or any other perfons, touching any pf the articles contained in fuch accounts, or any omiflion thereout; and in cafe there (hall appear ^any ^aud in any fuch accounts any falfe entry, knowingly or wilfully made,

‘or any fraudulent omiffion thereout, or any other fraud whatfo- the committee ever, or any collufion between any officer or officers, or fer- may dimifa vants, belonging to fuch houfe, or between any fuch officer or the offender, officers* fervant or fervants, and any other perfon or perfons, then, befides the private fatisfatftion in damages which the parties or party injured may be entitled to recover by law, the faid committee may difmifs any fuch officer or officers, who (hall to them appear to have been guilty of any fuch falfe entry, omiffion, fraud, or collufion, and appoint another, or others, in his, her, or their ftead ; and if the faid committee (hall fee fir, and may pre-"they (hall caufe an* indictment or indictments to be preferred fer an irniidt-againft the officer or officers, fervant or fervants, fo offending, at the next quarter or other general feffion of the peace to be next quarter holden for the county, riding, liberty, divifion, city, corporation, feifioiu. or place, wherein fuch penitentiary houfe (hall be fituated, or for any other'adjoining county; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons fo ihdifled (hall be found guilty of fuch offence or often-

‘ v	ces,

o '

Digitized by

428	Anno decimo hono GeorgII Itl. c. 74.	tl77^

ccs, he, (he, or they (hall be punifhcd by fine and impriibcuncat, or either of them, at the difcretion of tne court.

Committee to XXIV. And be it further ena&ed. That when the pemteo-certify to the tiary hdufes herein-befgre directed to be built, (hall be feted Kuig’sBench an<* complct€d for the reception of offenders, and proper officers when the pc- (hall be appointed for the care and management thereof, the imcntiary faid committee (hall certify, under their hands and feals, to the houfes are juftices of the court of King's Bencby that fuch houfesare (b fitted caption of of- an<* completed, and that fuch officers have been appointed; and fenders i after the making of fuch certificate, where any perfon (hah, at after which, a any feffion of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, to be hoM-limited num- en for the county of the city of London, or the county of ARd'-berofoerfons diefex, or during the affizes for any other county within that an” feffiem of Part Great Britain called England, or at any great feflion to be oyer and ter- holden for the county paiatine of Chefter, or within the prind-jniner, &c. in pality of Wales, be lawfully convitf ed of grand or petty lai'ceny, England or or any other crime for which he or (he (hall be liable by law, Wales, of any either under this ftatute or any other ftatute now in force, or able by tranf- hereafter to be made, to be tranfported to any parts beyond the port at ion, feas, it (hall be lawful for the court before which any foch per-mavbefentto fon (hall be fo convi&ed, or any court held for the fame place Chhfinrd	hke authority, if fuch court (hall think fit, in the place of

m uenhoues.	puni(hnient by tranfportation, to order and adjudge that

Th r*r a*	Pcr^on he punifhed, by being imprifoned and kept to

terms of con^C ^arc^ ^h°l,r> m one °f fuch penitentiary houfes, for any term not finement. * exceeding two years, in cafe of petty larceny ; and for any term, if fuch offender be a male, not lefs than one year, or if fuch offender be a female, not lefs than fix months, nor exceeding, in either cafe, five years, if he or (he is liable by law, on account of any other crime, to be tranfported for feven years; and for any term not lefs than two years, nor exceeding feven years, in cale any fuch offender is liable by law to be tranfported for fourteen years.

Limitation of XXV. Provided always, That during the continuance of this the number of a£t, not more than two offenders (hall be fent to fuch peniten-©ffenders to tiary houfes, from all the great feffions to be holden within any each of the"1 one	^our	circujts	of	Chejlcr	or	Wales*	either in fining or

Welch cir-	fummer; nor (hall more than four offenders be fent from any

cults, and	one feflion of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, to be holden

from each	for the city of London, nor more than nine offenders from any

circuit* re-	0I7e ^l0n °yer anc* terminer, and gaol delivery, to be

fpcttivdy."	holden for the county of Middlefex ; and that not more offen-

ders than is herein-after fpecified (hall be fent from all the feffions of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, to be holden within each of the feveral fpring circuits, and not more than the like number from all the faid feffions within each of the fummer circuits of England; that is to fay, from all the faid feffions within each of the two annual northern circuits, eight; within each of the two annual midland circuits, ten; within each of the two annual Norfolk circuits, ten; within each of the two annual Oxford circuits, twelve; within each of the two annual weftern circuits.

Digitized by

Anno decimo none Georgia III. C. 74.	419

cuits,, twelvei and within $ach of the two annual home circuits, fixteen offenders.

,XXVi. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That in the tfntH certifi-njean time, and until fuch certificate, (hall be made as aforefaid, cat* (hall be it (hjdl be lawful for the court in which any fuch offenders as ^a^hVcourt aforefeid (hall be convidecj, or any other court held for the fame in which fuch place, and with like authority, to order and adjudge fuch offen- offenders (halt ders, not exceeding the numbers hercin-before refpedively li- be convia<d, spited, to be impriioned and kept to hard labour, for the feveral	above

terms aforefaid, in the refpedive houfes of corredion, or other fpecified to proper places, within each refpedive county ; which houfes of hard labour corredion, or other proper places, (hall, during fuch time, be 10 the h°Vfe deemed and efteemed to be penitentiary houfes, to all intents and purpofes, within the meaning of this ad, except only with county; regard to the appointment of ofheers and fervants, and other interior regulations of fuch houfes, direded by this ad; and when fuch certificate (hall be made as aforefaid, the offenders all of whom then impriioned in fuch houfes of corredion, or other places, bc tranf-by virtue of this ad, (hall be transferred tq fuch new-ereded l^tentiary* penitentiary houfes, for the refidue of the feveral terms during houfes as foon which they were ordered and adjudged to be imprifoned; and as they are thejuftice^pf the peace for every county, at their feveral quar- r^HcIy f°r ter (efliojjs to be holden next after the feaft of Saint Thomas the rec*p‘ # &Jjityr% 11} the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and" feventy-nine, or at any adjournment of the fame feflions, are hereby required to give diredions for the temporary rccep- » tion,yi*afe cuftody, employment, and due regulation of fuch offenders, the expences of which, being previoufly examined and allowed by the fa»d juftices at their quarter fefiions, (hall be paid by the ireafurer of each refpedive county, who (hall be allowed the fame In his accounts.

XXvll. Andy for the more fevere and effectual punijhment of Any male atrocious and daring offenders, be it further enaded, Thar, from convicted, in and after the firft day of July, one thoufand feyen hundred and England or feventy-nine, where any male perfon, at any fefiion of oyer and ^^'(cxccpt terminer, or gaol delivery, to be holden for the county of the pelty hree-city.pf Londony or for any other county within that part of Great ny)puni(h-Briiain called England, or for the royal franchife of Elyy or at any a&!« by tranf-great fefiion to be holden for the county palatine of Chejler, or within the. principality of Waiesy (hall be lawfully convided of competent grand larceny, or any other crime, except petty larceny for which age and bo-he (hall be liable by law to be tranfported to any parrs beyond dilv ttrength, the feas, it (hall and may be lawful for the court before whom haref labour any fuch perfon (lull be fo convided, or any court holden for jn cie»nfing the fame place with like authority if fuch court (hall think fit, the Thame*, in the place of fuch ^uuilhment by tranfportation, to order and &c- f°r any adjudge that fuch perfon, appearing to be of competent age, and ^an one year free from any bodily infirmity, (hall he punifhed by being kept no^more than pn board (hips or vcffels properly accommodated for the fecu- feven years, rity, employment, and health of the perfons to be confined i	therein.

Digitized by V^OOQle

43P

Tn cafe hi* Majeftylhotild extend hi* mercy to any perfon convicted of any felony pu-niftiable by death,the judge (hall order the offender to be kept to hard labour in a penitentiary boufe, or on the Thames, &c. for the time ipecified by the fecre-tary of date.

Anno dccimo noho GeoUCII HI. C. 74-	[1779.

'therein, and by being employed m hard labour id the railing fand, foil, and gravel from, and derating, the river Thames, or any other river navigable for (hips of burthen, or any pon, harbour, or haven, within that part of Great Britain called England, fuch river, pon, harbour, or haven, being previoufly approved and appointed for that purpofc by order of his Majeftt in his privy council, or in any other fenrice for the benefit of the navigation of the (aid rivers, pons, harbours, or havens, or in any other publick works upon the banks or Qiores of the fame, under the management and dtre&ion of fuch Riperintenant or fuperintendants as hath been or (hall be appointed, for the river Thames, by the jufticcs of the peaoe for the county of Middlefex* and for other rivers, ports, harbours, or havens, by the juftioe9 of the peace for the counties wherein fuch rivers, ports, harbours, or liavens, are fituated, or of fuch of the counties next adjoining to the fame, refpe&ively, as his Majefty in council fhalldifoS, at their quarter or other general fcffion of the peace, for fuch term, not Ids than one year, nor exceeding five years, or in cafe fuch offender (hail be liable to be tranfpurt-cd for fourteen years, not exceeding feven years, as fuch court of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, (hall think fit to order and adjudge.

XXVIII. And be it further enafled. That where any perfon, (hall at any feffion of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or grot fieflion, within England or Wales* be lawfully convicted of any robbery, or other felony, for which he or (he (hall by law, either under this ftatute, or under any other ftatute now in force, or hereafter to be made, be liable to fuffer death, without benefit of clergy, and his Majefty fhall be gracioufly pleated to extend the royal mercy to any fuch offender* upon condition of being kept to hard labour, during any fpecified term, in anv penitentiary houfe to be erected in purfuance of this a<5t, or, (uch offenders being males, upon condition of being kept to hard labour, during any fpecified term, in the cuftody of fuch furperinten-dant or fuperintendants as aforefaid, for the benefit of tbe faid navigations; and fuch intention of mercy (hall be notified, in writing, by one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of date, to the court in which fuch offender (hall be convi&ed, or to any court held for the fame place with the like authority; or, it no fuch court (hall be fitting, then to any juftice of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or juftice of great fetfions, by or before whom fuch offender (hall have been convi&ed or condemned; fuch court or juftice may and (hall, immediately on receiving fuch notification, allow to every fuch offender the benefit of a conditional pardon, in the fame manner as if there was a conditional pardon under the gteat fea); and may and (hall order, that every fuch offender (hall be kept to hard labour in fuch penitentiary houfe as aforefaid, or in the cuftody of fuch fuperimen-dant or fuperintendants as aforefaid, for the time fpecified in the notification from fuch fecretary of ftate.

XXIX. And



Digitized by ooQle

1779*1 Anno decimo norlo Georgii III. c. 74.	431

XXIX.	And be it further enadled, That when any offender snY fhall be ordered and adjudged to be kept to hard labour in any ordered^o of the manners aforefaid, the clerk of aflize, or other clerk of bard labour, the court in which fuch offender fhall be convicted, fhall give to the clerk of the fheriff or gaoler, having the cuftody of fuch offender, a cer-

rificate in writing under his hand, containing an account of the ^rtifcate^o chriftian name, furname and age, of fuch offender; of his or the fheriff or her offence, of the court before which he or fhe was convicted, gaoler, and of the term for which he or fhe fha'I be fo ordered to hard labour; and the fheriff or gaoler, having the cuftody of fuch offender, fhall, with all convenient fpeed, after the making of fuch order, and the receiving fuch certificate, convey fuch offender, or caufe him or her to be conveyed, to fuch houfe or place to which fuch order fhall diredt him or her to be conveyed; and (hall deliver fuch offender, or caufe him or her to be who foal! de-delivered, together with fuch certificate, to fuch governor or IiveJ°f* fuperintendant as aforefaid, or to fuch perfon or perfons as fuch certificate to governor or fuperintendant (hall appoint; and fuch governor or the governor fuperintendant, or other perfon or perfons to whom fuch offen- or fuperinten-der (hall be fo delivered, fhall give a proper receipt in writing, dant, &c. wbo wider his or their hand or hands, to the fheriff or gaoler fo de- ^jptfo^the livering fuch offender, which fhall be his fufficient difeharge; tame, and fuch governor or fuperintendant fhall tranfmit fuch certificate to the clert of the peace of the county or place wherein fuch penitentiary houfe, or other place of confinement, (hall be lituated, to be filed with the records of the feffions.

XXX.	And be it further enadted, That the clerk of aflize, or Feesto he other clerk of the court, fhall have the fame fee, gratuity, or fa- cicrk"ofaf-tisfadfion, on granting fuch certificate, and the fheriff or gaoler $zet &c. and fhall have the fame fee on delivering out of his cuftody any fuch to the fheriff offender fo to be ordered to any fuch penitentiary houfe, or other or g*°lcr* place of hard labour, as hath ufually been paid, and wouldhave ^^theeic-been due to them refpedfively, if fuch offender had been fenten- pences of con-ced to tranfportation, except in the cafe of petty larceny, where- veying offen* in they fhall have only fuch fees as have ufually and of right ders to their been paid upon convidtion for the faid offence, and judgement

to be whipped for the fame; and fuch fees, gratuities, and pa^ the fatisfadiion, and alfo all expences to be incurred bv any county trea-fheriff or gaoler in the conveyance of any fuch offender fur«*. * whatever to the houfe or place to be appointed for his or her confinement, fuch expences being previoufly examined and allowed by the juftiees of the peace at their quarter or other general feffion, fhall be paid by the treafurer of the county or place for which the court in which fuch offender fhall be convidted fhall have been held, to fuch clerk of aflize, or other clerk of the court, and to fuch fheriff or gaoler refpedlively, and every fuch treafurer fhall be allowed every fuch payment in his accounts.

XXXI.	And be it further enadted. That after delivery of Governor or any fuch offender as aforefaid into the cuftody to which he or fapwinten* fhe fhall be prdered or adjudged, fuch governor or fuperinten- t(^ave the

Vojl. XXXII.	F	f	dant,	fame power

over

Digitized by t^ooQle

Anno dccimo nano Georgii III. c. 74.	[177^,

dant, or other perfon having the cuftody of offenders under hs dire&ion, (hall* during the term for which fuch offender (hall be ordered to hard labour, have the fame powers over fuch offewfa as are incident to the office of a (heriff or gaoler; and in cafe oi any abufe of fuch cuftody, or other mifbehaviaur or negligence in the difeharee of his office, (hall be liable to the. fame puaiih-tnent as a gaoler is now liable to by law.

X5CXII. And be it further ena&ed, That every Cucb governor of each of fuch penitentiary houfes (hall, during the term preferibed for the imprifonment and hard labour of fuch offender, keep him or her, fo far as may be confident with his or her fex, age, health, and ability, to labour of the hardeft and ipoft fervile kind, in which drudgery is chiefly required, and where the work is little liable to be fpoiled by ignorance* negled, or obftinacy, and where the materials or tools are not eafily ffoka or embezzled, fuch as treading in a wheel, or drawing in a cap-ftern, for turning a mill or other machine or engine, fawieg done, polifhing marble, beating hemp, rafping logwood, chopping rags,, making cordage, or any other hard and laborious fa-vice j and thofe of lefs health and ability, regard being alfo had left ability are to age and fex, in picking oakum, weaving facks, fpinaiog to be employ- yarn, knitting nets, pr any other lefs laborious enaployment: boiious work an<* ^ l^e Work to be performed by any fuch offenders (hall be 1	'of	fuch a nature as may require previous inftrudion, proper

perfons (hall be provided to give the feme, by order of the hd committee, to whom a fu it able allowance (hall be made.

XXXIII. And be it further emufted, That fuch offenders as (hall be fent to either of fuch penitentiary houfes (hall, during their hours of reft, be kept entirely feparate and apart from each other, and be lodged in feparate rooms or cells, not exceeding twelve feet in length, eight feet in breadth, and eleven

43?

offenders \n his cuftody as a Qieriff or gaoler.

All offenders in the penitentiary houfes, who are able, are to be kept to labour of the hardeft and molt fervile kind;

and tbofe of

Offenders during the hours of reft, to be lodged in final! rooms, (epa-

rate from each feet in height, nor lefs than ten feet in length, (even feet in other* breadth* and nine feet in height, and without any window within fix feet of the relpe&ive floors; which rooms or cells (hall be dried and moderately warmed, in damp or cold weather, by flues, from the fires in the kitchens, and other pubtick fees belonging to each houfe; and the (aid offenders (hall alfo, during their hours of labour, in cafe the nature of their fevcral employments will permit, be in like manner kept feparate and apart from each other; and, where the nature of the employment may require two perfons to work together, the room in which fuch two perfons (hall work (hall he of fuitabledim employments will ons. ancj if the nature of the work wherein any fuch offenders *“ow#	fhall be employed (hall require the labour of many perfons

at one time, a common work-room, or (lied (hall be allotted to them for that purpofe; but during the time the offenders are employed in fuch common work-room or (hed, the governor of the faid houfe, or the ta(k-mafter, or one or more of thejr fer-vants or afliftants, (hall be conftantly prefent, to attend to the behaviour of fuch offenders; and fuch two or more perfons (ball i	not

and during the hours of labour alfo to be kept feparate as much as the nature of their cm-

Digitized by v^ooQle

433

1779J Anno decimb nono GEORdu III. c. 74."

not be (offered to continue together, except during the hours of labour, and divine fervice, and the times refpe&ivdy allotted for their meals and airing*.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled* That fuch offenders The hours of fhall be employed in work, at the fad penitentiary houfes, every ^ent parts" day in the year, except Sundry*, Cbfi/itnas-d<fy, and Good Friday, 0f the year.

. and alfo except fuch days when iff health Will not allow of their working; and the hours of work in each day (hall be as many as the feafon of the year, with an interval of half hour for trreakfaft, and an hour for dinner, will permit, but not exceeding eight hours in the months of November, December, and January, nine hours in the months of February and O6iober, and ten hours in the reft of the year; and When fuch hours of Work are pafled, the working tools, implements, and materials, or fuch of them as will admit of daily removal, fhall be removed to places proper for their fafe cuftody, and there be kept till the hour of labour fhall return.

XXXV.	And be it further enafled, That every offender who How the of-firall be ordered to either of fuch penitentiary houfes flVsfll, during

the time of his or her confinement therein,- be fed and fufhiinecf With bread, and any coarfe mefat, or other inferior food, and water, or fmall beer; and alfo be clothed with a coarfe and uniform apparel, with certain obvious marks or badges affixed tfo the fame, as Well to humiliate the wearers a* to facilitate dttcbver'y in cafe of efcapes; the whole to be Ordered in fuch maimer as the committee aforefaid fhall from time tO time appoint for thofe purpofe*'; and ho Parch Offender fhall, during the time of his of her confinement, be permitted to have any other food, drink, or clothing, than fuch as fhall be fo appointed; and if Penalty on any perfon or perfons fhall wilfully fapply any fuch offender, af Applying any time during the term of his or her conffoemenf, With* ahy food, drink, or clothing, other than fuch as fhall befo alppoint- clothing. ° cd, of with any money, he or Are fo fupplyiwg fuch offender (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit a fam not exceeding leA pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That no offifceT &r fer- If any officer

vant of either of fuch penitentiary houfes (hall fopply any of thfe e^hei^^'the offender* therein with ahy money, dothing, provifions, or diet, ^nitentiary or with any fpirituous or other liquors Whatfoever, except fu6h boufes lhall money, clothing, provifions, or diet, or fuch water and fmall fupply any of-becr, as the governor of the houfe fhall from twite fo time permit fent,cr wllh or diredf, and except fuch diet and liquors as the furgeon	™nons*&cT*

apothecary attending fuch houfe fhall think proper to order for contrary to any fuch offenders, in cafe of illriefs ; and in cafe any fach of- this aft, he freer or fervant fhall be found guilty of carrying to any fuch of-

fender, or of knowingly permitting to be carried to any fuch of- governorj^nd fender any money, clothing, provifions, or diet, or liquors reportedtothc whatfoeVer, contrary td the intent of this a£V, fuch officer or fer- committee; vanr (hall immediately be fufpertded* by the laid governor ; Who fhall report the fame to the committee at their next meeting and fuch committee fhall enquire* thereof upon oath, and fhall'

F f 2	punifh

Digitized by

Google

434	Anno	dccimo	nono	Georgii III. c. 74.	[1775

who may pu* punifh fuch officer or fervant by forfeiture of office, by any fine fine and im not exceeding ten pounds, and by imprifonment for any term prifo^ment.* not exceeding fix months, or by any one or more of fuch pu-nifhments, as the faid committee (hall, in their diferetion, think proper.

XXXVII. And be it further enadted, That when any offen-when brought ^er> w^° ^all ordered 10 hard labour in either of fuch houfcs to the peni- as aforefaid, fhall be brought thither in purfuance of the powers [ tentiary contained in this a&, he or (he (hall be feparately lodged, and houfcs, to be wafhed, cleanfed and purified, and (hall then be examined by lodged*and	ftirgeon or apothecary, and (hall continue in fuch feparatc

warned*, and lodging until ft be certified by fuch furgeon or apothecary that examined by he or (he is fit to be received among the other convidts, and the the iuigeonj clothes in which he or (he (hall then be clothed (hall be burnt, if neceffary, or otherwife (hall be fold and difpofed of, at the diferetion of the governor, and the produce thereof fhall be accounted for to the committee aforefaid; and fuch offender (hall not be difmifled at the end or other determination of his term, un-* lefsat his own requeft, if he (hall then labour under any acute or dangerous diftemper, nor until he can be fafely di(charged; and when dif- and when fuch offender (hall be finally difeharged, fuch other fum^edwidb ^eccnt clothing as (hall be judged neceffary and proper by the decent cloth- committee aforefaid, (hall be delivered to fuch offender, and alfo ing and mo- fuch fum of money, for his or her immediate fubfiftence, as the faid committee (hall think proper, fo as fuch fum (hail nor exceed three pounds, nor be lefsthan twenty (hillings, in cafe fuch offender (hall have been confined in fuch penitentiary houfe for the fpace of one year, and fo in proportion for any (horter term and after hav- confinement; and if fuch offender, at the end or other deter-ing continued mination of his or her term, (hall procure any reputable matter in a reputable of a (hip, or tradefman, or other fubftantial houfe-keeper, to fervice for one take him or her into fervice, or provide him or her with proper lmitlecUo^ employment for one year then next enfuing, the fame to be ap« f urther fum proved by the committee aforefaid, he or me, having ferved ac-oi money. cordingly, (hall be entitled at the end of the year to anbther fum of money, equal to that which was allowed to him or her at the time of his or her difmiflion.

The offenders XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That to be divided the feveral offenders to be fent to each of fuch penitentiary into ttnee houfes (hall be divided into three claffes, which (hall be called Tbt cl a (Tes, and the Firft, Second, and Third Clafi; for which purpofe the time for confiiieinent^	fuch	offenders	(hall feverally be committed (hall be di-

to be divided vided into three equal parts; and during the firft part of the Into three time of the imprifonment of every fuch offender, he or (he (hall equal parts, be ranked in the firft clafs, and during the fecond part of fuch time, he or (he (hall be ranked in the fecond clafs, and during the third and laft part of fuch time, he or (he (hall be ranked in the third clafs; and the confinement and labour of fuch offenders as (hall from time to time be ranked in the firft clafs, (hall be the mod ftridt and fevere, and the confinement and labour of the offenders ranked in the fecond clafs, (hall be more moderate.

Digitized by Google

425

1779*1 Anno decimo ilono Georgii III. c. 74; rate, and the confinement and labour of thofe ranked in the third clafs, (hall be ftill more relaxed; which feveral degrees of confinement and labour, fo to be affixed to each clafs, (hall from time to time be fettled by the faid committee, by orders of regulation to be approved of in manner aforefaid, but fo as not to defeat or elude the fpecial provifions made and appointed by this a

XXXIX.	Provided alfo. That it (hall and may be lawful to Govemormay, and for the governor of each fuch houfes to employ, at his dif- employ often- ' cretion, any of the offenders aforefaid, who (hall be ranked in dher!,in,tjle the faid third clafs, as fervants, overfeers, or afliftants, in management of the works, and care of their fellow prifoners, in-ftead of being confined to fuch their daily labour as aforefaid.*

XL. And be it further ena&ed. That each of the lodging- Howthetod?-rooms which (hall be appointed in the faid penitentiary houfes,	roomsjhall

for the offenders fo confined therein, (hall be provided with an Dc ^ iron bedftead, with matting for lying upon, one or more hempen ftieets, a coverlet, and two or more coarfe blankets; and no perfon, except the officers and fervants of the houfe, and fuch perfon or perfons as (hall he authorifed by order of any two of the committee aforefaid, (hall be permitted to go at any time into fuch lodging-rooms, or to fee or converfe with the offenders; and every night of the year the doors of all fuch lodg- The doors to ing-rooms (hall be locked, and all lights therein extinguifhed, beiocked, and after the hour of nine; and a watchman (hall patrole each of lights extin-fuch penitentiary houfes at lead twice in every hour during the n^huit nhie^ night, and until return of the time of labour in the morning of ,fi a m the next day.

XLI. Provided always, That it (hall and may be lawful for Jurtices for any juftice or jurtices of the peace, acting for the county or place lht* c.0'int?L wherein fuch penitentiary houfes, or places of confinement, to {heVeniteiiti-be provided in purfuance of this a<5l, (hall be fituated, at all fea- ary houfes,&c. fonable times, to vifit and infpedl every part of fuch penitentiary at allfeafon-houfes, or places of confinement, in order to make report to the ablc dmes. quarter feflions, or give notice; to the infpe<51or, hereinafter mentioned, of any abufc or mifmanagement which he or they may obferve therein.

XLII. And be it further ena&ed, That the chaplain (hall read chaplain to morning and evening prayers, in the chapel of each of fuel* read morning penitentiary houfes, and preach a fermon both morning and and evening afternoon, on every Sunday in the year, and alfo on every p^^tvvo Chrijlmas-day and Goid-Friday; and all the offenders confined Jirmons,every in fuch houfe, who (hall not be difabled by illnefs, (hall attend Sunday, &c. the faid prayers and fermons, which (hall alfo be attended by the refident officers, and by the fervants of fuch houfe, or fuch of them as can be fpared from their feveral employments, and (hall not be prevented by illnefs; and the faid chaplain (hall vifit, with the leave of the governor, any of the offenders, either the go”* tick or in health, that may defire or (land in need of his fpiritual vernor’s leave# advice and affiftance, provided that fuch vifitation, to fuch of

F f 3	the

Digitized by v^ooQle

436

Large yard*, properly fe-cured. to be adjoining to the penitentiary houres, for the off«rn-

leives.

Offenders, when lick, to be vifited by the furgeon, and, if necef-iary, to be lent to the infirmary.

Apno decimd nono Geo&gii III. c, 74.	[1779

the offenders as (hall be in health, (hall not interfere with their dated hours of labour.

XUII. And be it further en^Aed, That there fhall be, adjoining to each of fuch penitentiary houfes, one or more large and airy yards or places, inclofed and properly fecured, in which, and on the top of fuch houfe, if the building will admit fuch a convenience, the offenders ordered to be confined in fuch houfe (hall be permitted to walk and air themfelves, for

and ah^hem" ^atec* ^me as lleaM may require, and the governors an air cm- ^aj| rejpecc^ive]y permit; and if proper employment can be

found, luch offenders may alfo be permitted to work in fuch yards, indead of their lodging-rqoms or work-rooms; but fuch airing or working in fiich yards (hall never be permitted unlef* in the prefence pr within the view of the governor or tafk-matter, or fome of their fervants or afliftants.

XL1V. And be it further epaAed, That in cafe any fuch offender (hall appear to be fick, he or (he (hall be vifired by the furgeon pr apothecary attending fuch houfe, and if the ficknefs be found to be real, the faid furgeon or apothecary (hall report the fame to the governor; who (hall, if the ficknefs he of iuch a nature as to require it, order fuch offender to be fent to the infirmary belonging to fuch houfe, and to be entered in a book to be kept for that purpofe as fick; and when fuch offender (bail have fo far recovered his or her health, as that the faid furgeon or apothecary (hall judge him or her in a proper condition to quit the infirmary, and to return to his or her employment, and the faid apothecary (hall fo report, the faid governor (had order fuch offender to be brought back to his or her lodging-room, and to be again employed in labour, fo far as (hall be confiftent with the health of fuch offender.

XLV. And be it further enaAed, That the faid committee, attend attach or any lwo them, (hall attend at each of the (aid penitentiary penitentiary houfes once at lead in every fortnight; and op every (uch aitcn-houfe every dance (hall examine the ftateof fuch houfe, and (hall fee every offender confined there, and not difabled by ficknefs; and (hall in-fpeA the accounts of the governor and ftorekeepers, and alfo ex-offeiiders"and amine the conduA and management of fuch houfe* and the be-infpeA the	haviour of the officers thereof, ^nd of the offenders cqnfiped

accounts of	^herein ; and the faid committee are hereby authorized and im-

andPowere^ 10 confer rewards and encouragements on fuefe of the keepers, See. laid offenders as (hall appear the moft diligent and meritorious, by giving them a fmall part of the profits of their d^ily Of weekly earnings, to be properly applied for the ufe apd benefit of themfelves or families, or by permitting them to work, during the intervals of their dated labour, for the like ufe and benefit.

XLV I. And be it further epaAed, That the governor of each of fuch penitentiary boufes (hall have power to hear all complaints of cer	plaints touching any of the following offences* that is to fey,

tain offences, difobedience of any of the orders of the houfe $ affaults by one perfon confined in fuch houfe upon another* when no dangerous

wound

Two of the

: every fortnight, when they fbatl fee the

Governor itn-powered to hear com-

ind to puniih the offenders.

Digitized by v^ooQle

. 437

1779.] Anno dcdiiiO nono Georgii III. C. 74.

Wound or bruife is given; profanfe curling and (Wearing, ot indecent behaviour; abfenCfc from chape!, or irreverent behaviour there; and idlenefs or negligence in work, or wilful mif-management of it; all which are declared to be offences by this a<5t; and the faid governor may examine ahy perforis touching fuch offences, and may determine thereupon, and may punilh fuch offences, either by moderate whipping, or by ordering the offenders to clofe confinement in the dungeons of fuch hoiife, and by keeping them upon bread and water only, for any term not exceeding three days.

XLVII. And be it turther enadted, That if anv offender who Enormous of-(hall be committed to any ftich penitentiary houfe (hall, during tenders to be the term for which he (hall be fo committed, be guilty of any the governor offence which the governor of fuch houfe is not hereby autho- and reported* rifed to punilh, or for which the punilhment which fuch gover- to the com-nor is hereby authorifed to inflidt (hall by fuch governor be m,ltce at their deemed not fuffident, by reafon of the enormity of the offence, BCXt mce:iDS« or the repetition thereof, fuch governor may, and he is hereby required to confine fuch offender, either in his or her own lodging-room, or in one of the dungeons belonging to fuch houfe, till the next meeting of the faid committee, and lhall then report fuch offence, with the nature and particular circumftarices thereof, and the name of the offender, to the faid committee ; and fuch committee lhall have power to enquire of, upon oath, Ccfmm»etee to and determine concerning all fuch offences fo reported to them	fuch

as afore laid, and lhall order fuch offenders to be punilhed, offences, and either by moderate whipping, or repeated whippings, by clofe to puniifh the confinement in one of the dungeons, with bread ana water only offenders, for fuftenance, for any term not exceeding one month, or by removing fuch offenders, if ranked in the fecond or third clafs, into any prior clafs, or by any or all of fuch punilhments; and in cafe of removal into any prior clafs, the offender lhall, from the time of making fuch order of removal, go through fuch prior clafs, and alfo the fubfequent clafs or daffes, in the fame manner as under his or her original commitment, and for fuch additional time as fuch committee lhall think proper to order, fo as the whole time of confinement to be computed from fuch order of removal into fuch prior clafs, to the final difcharge of the offender, lhall not exceed the original term for which he or (he was committed.

XLVill. And be it further enafled, That whenever by this Any one of adfc the faid committee, or any two of them, are impowered or the committee directed to make any enquiry, or receive any proof upon* oath, any one of the faid committee is hereby authorifed to tender and &c#	9

adminifter fuch oath ; and any two of the faid committee may fummon, or caufe to be fummoned, fuch witneffeS as they lhall think meet, to appearand give evidence before them; and if Penalty on ahy perfon, being duly fummoned, lhall refufe or negledt to perfons fum-appear, or being prefent, and competent t6 be a witnefs, lhall	to

refufe to be fworri, or being fworn, (ball refufe to give evidence, appC^

F f 4	fuch	1

r

438

Committee to report to the

extraordinary diligence or merit; who may (horten their time of con-

MaJe convi&s, after they are delivered to the fuperin-tendants, (hall

Anno derimo nono Georgii III. c.74.'	[>779-

fuch perfon (hall forfeit any fum not lefs than twenty (hillings, or more than ten pounds, at the difcretion of the laid committee.

XLIX. And be it further enafted, That if the faid committee fhali at any time obferve, or be fatisfa<5forily informed, ilex^affize* all any extraordinary diligence or merit in any of the offender* offender* who under their infpe&ion, they (hall report the fame to the juftices (hall manifeft of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, or great feilion at thei next or any fubfequent feflion to be holden for the county in which fuch offender was convicted; and fuch juftices, if the offender (hall be committed for a-certain term of months or years, dm and may, if they (hall think proper, (horten the confinement a fuch offender, on condition that fuch offender, being a male, lhac finemciU, See. engage himfelf to Verve in the fea or land forces, or without arr condition, as to them in their difcretion (hall feem meet; and i the offender (hall be committed for life, in purfuance of a conditional prdon, fuch juftices (hall, if they think proper, repot him or her to his majefty as an objefl of royal mercy.

L. And be it further enadted, That after the delivery of an fuch male offender into the cuftody of any fuch fuperintendar: or fuperintendants as aforefaid, he (hall be confined in (oik fecure place or veffel, to be provided for the foie purpofe of re-be waihcd.and ceiving fuch offenders on their firft arrival, and (hall be wa(hd thieir clothes and cleaned, and his clothes (hall be burnt, if it is deemed changed, See. neceiTai y, and others provided for him ; and he (hall remsia there for the fpace of four days at the leaft, unlefs, during that time, he (hall be found to be infedted with any putrid or contagious fever, or other difeafe; in which cafe he (hall be immediately fent to the hofpital or infirmary, till fuch time as tie furgeon or apothecary attending the fame (hall think it fafe to remove him on board one of the veffds appointed for the confinement of offenders in general, and to lodge him among the healthy convi&s.

LI. And be it further enadted, That there (hall be provided for the reception of fuch offenders, in the cuftody of every fuperintendant, as (hall happen to be Tick, or to be dif-abled by any wound or accident, a fecure place or veffel, to ferve as an hofpital or infirmary, with fuch proper afliftants as liiay be neceffary for their fpeedy recovery, but the whole to be under the charge and controul of fuch fuperintendant aforefaid, who (hall be liable to anfwer for the efcape of. any offender to likewifealarge removed to fuch hofpital or infirmary ; and there (hall alfo be garden lor provided, by the faid fuperintendant, a large piece of ground, btes^r thefa” (*CCurety ^encec^ an(* inclofed, for a garden and airing-ground, in uf^offtie of-	(hall be raifed proper vegetables for the ufe of the of-

fenders. fenders under the cuftody of every fuch fuperintendant $ who v	(hall be at liberty to employ fuch of the invalid offenders, re-

commended for that purpofe by the furgeon or apothecary, as the faid fuperintendant (hall think proper, and for whofe efcape he (hall be liable to anftver, in the culture and management of fuch garden. -

LII. And

An hofpital to be provided for the lick, Sec.i

Digitized by

1779*1 Anno dccimo nono Georgii III* C. 74/	439

LII. And be it further enabled, That, fubjcdt to the excep- Offender*, in lions and provifions aforefaid, every fuch fuperintendant or fu- cuftody of the perintendants (hall, during the terpn prefcribed for the impri- f^rinhend-Jonment and hard labour of every fuch offender, keep him to p”0yCdin ndf^ hard labour, cither in raifing fand, foil, and gravel, or in any {ng land, &c. other laborious fervice, for the benefit of the navigation of the for the benefit Thames, or of fuch other navigable rivers, ports, harbours, or of l.hc n®v|-havens, as aforefaid, or in any other publick works upon the Thames &cf» banks or fhores of the fame ; but when the faid laborious fer-	9

vice (hall be for the navigation of the Thames, then at fuch places only, and fubjedt to fuch limitations and reftridtions, as the matter, wardens, and attittants of the trinity houfe (hall, . from time to time, prefcribe.

LIII. Provided neverthelefs, that fuch offenders (hall in no but not in decafe be employed in delivering tonnage or ballad to matters and commanders of (hips, but only in digging, raifing, and taking up the gravel, fand, and foil, from the (helves and fand-banks of the faid rivers, ports, harbours, or havens, and in difcharge-ing the fame upon the fhore, above the high-water mark, except in fuch cafes where any embankment or fea-wall (hall be di-jredted to be made or repaired, or in fome other laborious fer-yice for the benefit of fuch navigations, or for completing fuch pther publick works as aforefaid. .

LIV. And be it further enadted, That every offender, who Offenders to * (hall be ordered to hard labour in the cuftody of fuch fuperin- withf tendantor fuperintendants as aforefaic}, (hall, during the time of fuch fervice, be fed and fuftained with bread, and any coarfe water or fault meat, or other inferior food, and water or fmall beer, and alfo beer, clothed, at the diferetion and under the direction of fuch fuper-intendant or fuperintendants ; and fuch offender (hall not, during the term of fuch fervice, be permitted to have any other food, drink, or clothing, than fuch as (hall be fo directed ; and if Penalty on any perfon (hall fupply any fuch offender, at any time during the term of his faid fervice, with any drink, food, or clothing, wuh any other other than fuch as (hall be fo diredted, or with any money, he food, &c. or (he fo fupplying (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit a futn not exceeding ten pounds, nor under forty (hillings.

LV. And be it further cnadted, That if any offender, who Offender* who (hall be fo delivered to fuch fuperintendant or fuperintendants to refufetowork, be kept to hard, (hall, during the term of fuch fervice, refufe Jo perform any labour authorifed by this adt, or (hall be guilty themfelves, of any other mi(bchaviour or diforderly condudt, it (hall be law- may be whip* Ful for the fuperintendant or fuperintendants, having the cuftody ped, See. of any fuch offender, to order fuch whipping, or other moderate punifhment, to be inflidted upon him, as may be inflidted by law on perfons committed to a houfe of correction for hard labour.

LVI. And be it further cnadted, That every offender, wIiq Every offend-ftiall be delivered to fuch fuperintendant or fuperintendants to cr* the end fee kept to hard labour in manner aforefaid, (hall, at the end of men*, ftall }J)e term of fuch fervice, and upon being reftored to his liberty, receive a fum

receive of money, not

440 lefs than sof. nor more than 3L with decent clothing.

Hi* Majeffy, on the good behaviour of offender*, may ihorten the term of their confinement.

Offender*,

who fhali continue in a reputable ler-vice for one year from the time of their difmifiion, to be intitled to a further fum of money.

Offenders labouring under acute diftem-pers not to be difmiffed, un-lefs they defire it.

Directions relative to the burial of offenders who fiiatldieincuf-tody of the fu-penntendantf,

Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 74.	[	1779.

receive from the fuperintendant or fuperintendants, under whom he fhali hive fo ferved, fuch fum of money, not being lefs than twenty (hillings, nor more than three pounds, in ca£ he hath been confined for one year, and fo in proportion for any fhorter term, together with fuch decent clothing as the court, into which fuch returns fhali be made, as berein-aftcr mentioned, (hall appoint: and if any fuch offender, whilft confined to hard labour in manner aforefaid, (hall, by his induftry and other good behaviour, (hew fuch figns -of reformation as (hall induce the laid court to recommend him as an obje& of his Majefty’s mercy, and it (hall be thereupon (ignified, by a letter from one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, to the fuperintendant or fuperintendants as aforefaid, that his Majefty thinks fit, in confideration of fuch good behaviour, to fhorten the duration of fuch offender’s term, fuch offender (hall be accordingly fet at liberty at the time mentioned in fuch letter, and ihal), together with neceffary clothing, receive a fum of money from his fuperintendant or fuperintendants, in proportion to the time of his confinement, according to the rates aforefaid ; and any fuch offender fo difmiflcd at the end or other determination of his term, who (hall procure any reputable matter of a (hip, or tradefman, or other fubftantial houfe-keeper, to take him into fervice, or provide’him with proper employment, for one year then next enfuing, the fame to be approved by fuch fuperintendant or fuperintendants, and who (hall ferve accordingly, (hall be entitled, at the end of the year, to another fum of money, equal to that which was allowed him at the time of his difmifiion.

LVII. Provided always. That no offender (hall be difmiffed out of the cuftody of the faid fuperintendant or fuperintendants, at the end or other determination of his term, unlefs at his own reqocft, if he (hall then labour under any acute or dangerous diftemper, nor until he can be fafely difeharged.

LVIil. And be it farther enacted, That in cafe any of the faid offenders (hall happen to die in the cuftody of foch fuperintendant or fuperintendants as aforefaid, they (hall be buried in the mod commodious places adjacent to the Several rivers, ports, harbours, and havens, in or near which they (hall have been refpe&ively employed, according to the form for burial ’ preferibed by the liturgy of the church of England; and the neceffary charges of fuch funerals, and alfo of the coroners who (hall fit on the bodies of the offenders fo dying in fuch cuftody, together with the neceffary expences of providing fuch chaplains, furgeons, and apothecaries, as the faid fuperintendant or fuperintendants (hall find it expedient, or (hall be required by the court into which fuch returns as are herein-afrer mentioned (hall be made, from time to time, to employ in attending the offenders m his or their cuftody or cuftodies, (half be paid by fuch fuperintendant or fuperintendants, and brought to account in manner herein-after mentioned,

LIX. Pro-

Digitized by

Google

1779-1 Anno dedmo nono Georoii III. c. 74.

LIX. Provided always. That fuch chaplains fo to be employed as aforefaid (hall read morning and evening prayer, and preach a fermon after each, in every fuch place of confinement, on every phriflmas-day^ Good Friday and Sunday throughout the year.

LX. And be it further enabled. That every fuch fuperin-tendant (hall, in the cuftody, treatment, and employment of the offenders committed to his care, conform to and obferve the feveral directions herein-before given for regulating the copduCi of the governors of the faid penitentiary houfes, fo far as the nature of the feryice in which the faid offenders (hall be employed, and their different places and modes of confinement, will permit, and fo far as is confident with the other regulations and orders contained in this aft* with refpeCt to the faid offenders.

LXI. And be it further enabled, That each of the governors and fuperintendants of the feveral places of confinement to be appointed by virtue of this aCt, fhall keep a reguflar book or books, for the purpofes herein-after mentioned; and from thence, from time to time, fhall make true and juft returns, Specifying the names of all and every the perfon or perfons who (nail be committed to their cuftody, the offences of which they {hall have been guilty, the court before which each perfon was convicted, the fentence of the court, the age, bodily eftate, and behaviour of every fuch conviCt while in cuftody, and alfo the names of all and every the perfon or perfons who fhall have died under fuch cuftody, or (hall have efcaped from fuch place of confinement, or (hall have been difcharged from thence by order from one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, or otherwife; which returns (hall be made, the firft day of every term, to his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, and (hall be verified on the oath of the perfon making the fame.

LXIl. And be it further enaCled, That a ftate of the accounts of each of the faid penitentiary houfes (hall be laid before the juftices of the peace for the county in which the feme (hall be fituated, four times in the year, at their general quarter feflions of the peace, and tbe faid accounts (haU be then, or at any other adjourned (effions to be then appointed for that purpofe, infpeCted, and carefully examined ; apd if the faid juftices (hall obferve any notorious wafte to have happened, or any extravagant expences to have been incurred, or any other grofs mif-managemecu, they (ball report the fame to the juftices of his Majefly’s court of king’s bench, who (hall immediately take order therein, and check on rerhefs the fame.

LXIII. And be k further enabled. That it (hail and may be lawful for his Majefty to appoint one fit and able perfon to be ipfpe&or of the two penitentiary houfes to be erebted by virtue of this a<51, and of the feveral (hips and veflels, to be employed on the river Thames, for the confinement of offenders as afore-faid, and of all other gaols and places of criminal confinement within the city of London and county of Middltfcx; which in~ foebtor (hall personally vifit and infpebl every fuch place of con** *	finement

441

Tbe chaplain's duty.

Superintend-ant, in the treatment and employment of offenders, to obferve the dir eft ion* before given to • the governors of the penitentiary houfes. Sec.

Governors

and fuperin-tend ant* to keep regular books from which returns are to be made, tbe firft day of every terra, to the court of King's Bench, fpecifying the names and offences, See. of all perfons committed to their cuftody.

A ftate of the accounts of each penitentiary houfe to be laid before every quarter feflions for the county | who, if they obferve any notorious wafte. See. are to report the fame to tbe court of King's Bench. Hit Majefty may appoint an infpebhor of the penitentiary houfes. See, |

Digitized by

Google

442	Anno	decimo	nono	Georgn III. c. 74.	[1779.

who (hall vifit finement once at lead in every quarter of a year, or oftener, if occafion (hall require, and (hall diligently examine into the feveral particulars herein-before dire&ed to be returned to his

and infpcdt eve* y fuch place of con-

finement once Majefty’s court of king’s bench, and alfo into the ftate of the a quarter, buildings, the behaviour and condudfc of the refpediive officers, the treatment and Condition of the prifoners, the amount erf the feveral earnings, and the expences attending every fuch place of confinement, and (hall make a faithful report of the fame to and make a both houfes parliament, at the beginning of every (effion, and faithful report a^° xn matters of extreme or prefling neceflity, (hall and 1027 of the ftate make a fpecial report thereof to the juftices of his Majefty’s thereoftoboth court of king’s bench, who fhall immediately take order there-lUmentauhe an(*	or	tedrefs the fame; and fuch infpetffor (hall

beginning of continue in fuch office during his Majefty’s plealure, and fhaO every feflioii. receive fuch falary as his Majefty (hall appoint, not exceeding two hundred pounds per annum.

•LXIV. And be it further enabled. That the expences of Expences of carrying this adt into execution, not herein-before fpecialij executing thi. provided for, (hall be annually laid before the houfe of com-annually	be-	mons* and after	deducing thereout the nett	profits, if anj,

fore the*houfe	arifing from the earnings of the offenders who	(hall be kept to

©^commons, hard labour in any of the places of confinement to be appointed &c*	by virtue of this adf, (hall be provided for in the next fupplies

to be granted to his Majefty by parliament.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any perfon who Punishment of	be ordered to hard labour in any of the places of confine-

perions order- ment to be appointed by virtue of this adf, inftead of being ed to hard U capitally puniftied, fhall, at any time during the term for which ^ak^prifon'^	or	be	^0 or^erec^ t0 confinement, bfeak prifon, or

orelcapefrom efcape from the place of his or her confinement, or in his or lawful cuito* her conveyance to fuch place of confinement, or from the perfon or perfons having the lawful cuftody of fuch offender, he or (he fo breaking	prifon, or efcaping, (hall be	guilty of felony,

without benefit	of clergy; but in cafe he or	(he fo breaking

prifon, or efcaping, hath been ordered to hard labour inftead of franfportation, he or (he (hall be-punifhed by an addition of three years to the term for which he or (he, at the time of his or her breach of prifon, was fubjedfc to be confined ; and if fuch perfon fo puniftied by fuch addition to the term of confinement, (hall afterwards be convidted of a fecond efcape, or breach of prifon, he or (he (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, without benefit of clergy.

LXVI. And be it further enadled, That if any perfon (hall If any pferfon rek’ue any offender, who by force of this adt, or any part of it, (hall refeue, or (hall be ordered to hard labour, in any place of confinement appointed by virtue of this adt, either during the time of his or her conveyance to the place appointed for fuch hard labour, or whilft fuch offender (hall be in the cuftody of the perfon or perfons under whofe care and charge he or (he (hall be lb confined; or if any perfon (hall be aiding or affifting in any fuch refeue; every fuch perfon fo refeuing, aiding, or affifting, (hall be guilty

of

dy

attempt to refcue, any offender ordered to hard labour;

Digitized by v^ooQle

1779*1" Anno dccimO nono Georgii III. c. 74."

443

of felony, and may be ordered to hard labour in any place of confinement appointed by virtue of this adt, for any term not lefs than one, nor exceeding five years: and if any perfon hav- or any perfon ing the cuftody of any fuch offender as aforefaid, or being em- having the ployed by the perfon having fuch cuftody, as a keeper, under- f^°offCnder keeper, turnkey, aftiftant, or guard, fhall voluntarily permit fljau volunta-fuch offender to efcape; or if any perfon whatfbever fhall, by rily permit his Supplying arms, tools, or inftruments of difguife, or otherwife, cfcape, be in any manner aiding and aflifting to any fuch offender in any or any other cfcape, or in any attempt to make an efcape, though no efcape ^ ^ be actually made, or (hall attempt to refeue any fuch offender, fn* ingl elc* or be aiding and aflifting in any fuch attempt, though no refeue be actually made, every fuch perfon fo permitting, attempting, every fuch aiding, or aflifting, fhall be guilty of felony ; and if any perfon perfon (hall having fuch cuftody, or being fo employed by the perfon having b«gu,hy fuch cuftody as aforefaid, fhall negligently permit any fuch * ony* offender to efcape, fuch perfon fo permitting fhall be guilty of a mefdemeanor; and, being lawfully convicted of the fame, fhall be liable to fine or imprifonment, or to both, at the diferetion of the court.

LX VII. Andy to the intent that the profecutiom for efcape Sy Method of breaches of pnfony and refcuesy may be carried on with as little trou- *”*1an<* £°n-ble and expence as is pojfibky be it further enadted, That any fenders ^o^* offender efcaping, breaking prifon, or being refeued, in manner making efcape aforefaid, may and fhall be tried before the juftices of oyer and or breaking terminer, or gaol delivery, or at the great feflions for the county P' if°n» and °f where he or (he fhall be apprehended and retaken; and in cafe afliiHug thereof any profecution for any fuch efcape, attempt to efcape, breach jn, * of prifon, or refeue, either againft the offender efcaping, or attempting to efcape, or having broke prifon, or been refeued, or againft any other perfon or perfons concerned therein,* or aiding, abetting, or aflifting the fame, a copy, properly attefted, of the certificate herein-before directed to be given to the fheriff, or gaoler by the clerk of the aflize, of other clerk for the time being of the court in which fuch offender fhall be convidted, and by fuch fheriff or gaoler to be delivered, together with the offender, to fuch governor or fuperintendant as aforefaid, and by fuch governor or fuperintendant, to be transmitted to the clerk of the peace, to be filed with the records of the feflions,

(hall, after proof made that the perfon then in queftion before the court is the fame that was delivered with fuch certificate, be Sufficient evidence to the court and jury, not only of the nature and fadt of the conviction itfelf, and the fpecies of confinement to which fuch perfon was ordered, but alfo that the perfon then in queftion is the fame that was fo convicted, and ordered to fuch confinement.

LX VIII. And be it further enadted, That any pecuniary Penalties of penalties created by this act, for the recovery of which no mode this aft how to i$ herein-before preferibed, (hall be recoverable before t>vo or be recovered more juftices of the peace in the county, riding, divifion, city, ** appuca. liberty, borough, town, or pl?ce, in which the offence (hall be committed, on proof of the offence by the oath or oaths of

one

Digitized by

their difpro portionate expen ces.'

444,	Anno	decimo	nono	GkoRGII	III.	C.	74. f 17;$,

one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or on confcffion d the offender > and one moiety thereof (hall be paid to the deaf the penitentiary houfe, or other place of confinement, to which the offence more immediately relates, and the other moiety to the informer or informers profecuting for the fatne; and mcafe of nonpayment, (hall be levied by drftrefs and fale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and fears of fuch juftices $ and the overplus of the money raifeef, after it-du<9ing the penalty, and the expences of the diftrefe and frk fhall be rendered to the owner; and for want of fufucient <&■ trefs the offender fhall be fent by fuch juftices to the prifona fiich county, riding, divifion, city, borough, town, or piaci * for foch term, not exceeding fix months, nor lefs than cre month, as fuch juft ices (hall think moft proper.

Allowance to kXJX. Provided always, and be it further enadfed, Thath bemadetothe confideration of the great and di(proportionate expenses whid county of the county of Middlefex will probably incur, in providing fcr Middlesex for the temporary reception and maintenance of great numbers x .u <.r offenders as afarefaid, it fhall and may be lawful for the cots-miflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the high treafiarcr forth? time being, to iffue and allow to the treafurer of the faid county of Middlejex^ from time to time, till fuch certificate fhall be made as aforefaidy fuch fum or farm of money as fhall apper to be rcafbnabte, m aid of fitch extraordinary expenses, rcc exceeding the fum of three hundred pounds for one year, zei fo in proportion for any longer or fhorter time.

LXX. And whereas the courts of djjize, Nifi Prios, oyer ed relative to" the terminer, and gad delivery, for fever at counties at large in (B lodgings of kingdom, are often held in or near cities or towns that are counties tbemfehes, and at the fame time torfb the tike courts for the fed cities or towns 5 and inconveniencies frequently orife, in tranfelUr; the bufsntfs of the feveral courts, for that the lodgings of the judge are fituate either1 only in the county at large, or only ire the county if fuch city or town ; be it therefore further enacted. That whenever the courts of affize, nifi prtus, oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, for any county at large, in that part of Great Britts called England, fhall be held in or near any city or town chat Is adfo a county of itfelf, and at the fame time with the iike orany of the like courts for the faid city or town*, the lodgings of the judge or judges fhall be conftrued and taken to be fituate both within the county at large, and alfo within the county of fuch city or town, for the purpofe of carrying this a6t into execution, and of tranfa&ing the bufinefs of the aflizes for foch county at large, and for the county of foch city or town, during the time that fuch judge or judges (frail continue therein for the execution of their feveral commiflions. pro- LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any fait or atftion this a£t mayer	Profccut®d	aeainft	any	perfon	or	perfons	for any thing

plead the ge- done in purfuance of this a<5f, fuch perfon or perfons may plead nerai iffue, the general iffue, and give this adl or the fpccial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was

door

Regulation

the judges at county aflizes.

freribns

Digitized by v^ooQle

445

1779.] Anno dedmo nono Georgii III. c. 74.

done bv the authority of this adl; and if a verdidl (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her, or their adlion or actions, after iflfue joined; or if on demurer, or otherwife, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the and recover defendant or defendants (hall recover treble cofts, and have the trcWc like remedy for the fame as any defendants have by law in other cafes ; and though a verdidl (hall be giving for any plaintiff, in anv fuch adtion or fuit as aforefaid, fuch plaintiff (hall not have cofts againft the defendant, unlefs the judge, before whom the trial (hall be, (hall certify his approbation of the verdidl.

LXX1I. And be it further enadted, That all adtions, fuits, Limitation of and protections, to be commenced againft any perfon or per- *&ion». fons for any thing done in purfuance of this adl, (hall be laid and tried in the county or place where the fadt was committed, and (hall be commenced within fix months after the fadt committed, and not otherwife.

LXXIII. And be it further enadted. That an adt, made and Soniuch of parted in the fixteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, *6 Gco-intitled, An aft to author ife, for a limited time, the punijhment byt JfnutVl*r£ hard labour of offenders whoy for certain crimes, art or JbaU become iates to the" liable to be transported to any of bis Mojejlys colonies and planta- terms of con-tions 5 and which was continued by two fubfequent adls, the (hj5«*»t of one made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent unexphed at Majefty, and the other in this prefent feifion of parliament, till the parting of the firft day of July> one thoufand feven hundred and feventy- this adl. nine, (hall, with regard to fuch offenders whofe refpedlive terms of confinement under and by virtue of the laid adls are fubfifting and unexpired at the palling of this adl, continue and remain in force till the end or other determination of their laid refpedtive terms ; the time limited for the expiration of the laid adls, or any other matter or thing, to the contrary notwith-ftanding; fave only that fuch offenders lb confined (hall, from and after the (aid firft day of July, he fubjedl to the orders and regulations herein-before contained, infte&d of thofe contained in the faid former adl.

LXXIV. And be it further enadted. That this adl (hall con- Continuance tinue in force until the firft day of June^ which (hall be in the °* year of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and no longer; except with regard to offenders whole rclpedtive terms of confinement under and by virtue of this adl (hall be then fubfifting and unexpired, with regard to whom it (hall continue in force till the end or other extermination of tbeir refpedtive terms.

CAP;

Digitized by t^ooQle

446

Anno dcclmo nono Georgii HI. c. 75:	^1775.

CAP. LXXV.

An a(i for removing certain difficulties with refpeCJ to the rcsre fpeedy and effectual manning of his Majejlys navy for a limici J'	time.	'	j	.

Preamble. TT7 HEREAS by fcveral aCts of parliament, perfons fair VV certain definitions are protected from being impreffed into Majejifs firvice at fia : and whereas it is equally juft and expedient that Juch protections Jhould not be ufed to obfruCi the publick defmt in an arduous and difficult conjuncture; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritU3l and temporal, and commons, ie this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the Part of an a ft feme. That fo much of an act, pafled in the fecond year of the a Ann*, for reign of her majefty Queen Anne, (intituled, An aCt for the k-fewne®* &c • creafe °f f^men, an& better encouragement of navigation, and featr$\ *	^	of the coal trade), as grants any exemption or protection to am

apprentice or other perfon from being imprefled, or permitted arid 13 Geo. a. or fuffered to lift or enter into his Majefty’s fea fervice ; and caP* >71 alfo one act pafled in the thirteenth year of his late Majefty^ reign, (intituled. An ad for the increafi of mariners and feamtn a navigate merchant Jhips, and other trading Jhips or vejfels) ; arvi alfo fo much of an act, pafled in the fecond year of his Majefty’s reign, (intituled, An all for the better /applying the cities of London and Weftminfter with fifh, and to reduce the prefint ex or hi torsi price thereof, and to protect and encourage fjhermen), as grants any protection to the perfons therein deferibed from being imprefled into his Majefty’s fervice at fea; and alfo fo much of an a& pafled in the eleventh year of his Majefty’s reign, (intituled. As aClfor the better fupport and ejtablijhment of the Greenland azl IVnalefifhery,) as grants the like protection to the perfons therein deferibed, (hall be, and the fame are hereby declared and enabled to be of no force and effect, for and during the fpaceoi five calendar months, to be computed from the fixteenth* day oijune, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-nine.

ll. Provided neverthelefs, That the fufpenfion of the above-. mentioned acts, fo far as they relate to perfons ferving on board fonsemployed Qf and veflfels employed in the coal trade, (hall not con-trade C<>al tinue l°nger T^an one calendar month, to be computed from the fixteenth day of June aforefaid.

No perfon to III. And be it further enacted, That no perfon or perfons bemoleltedfor (hall be feed or molefted for taking and imprefling, or caufing imprefling, to tafcen ancj imprefled, within the time aforefaid, any per-me aforefaid, f°n or Per^ons for ^,s Majefty’s fervice at fea, contrary to the contrary to ’provifions of the before recited ^cts, or any of them, the recited ats.

and part of % Geo. 3, cap. 15 >

and part of a 1 Geo. 3, cap. 38,

fufpended for k months, from June 16, *779*

Exception in favotir of per

y

CAP.

Digitized by

1779*1	Anno decimo nono Georgii III. c. 76.

447

CAP. LXXVI.

An aft for augmenting the militia.

WHEREAS by an aft* made in the fecond year of the reign Preamble.

of bis prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad to explain, amend. Recital of the and reduce into one ad of parliament, the feveral laws now in militia ad being relating to the railing and training the militia within that * Geo# 3 * part of Great Britain called England * it is, amongft other things tnafted, That the number of private men to be raffed, by virtue of the faid aft, in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, full conftft of the numbers therein particularly mentioned: and whereas, in the prejent Jituation of publick affairs, it is highly neceffary and expedient that the number of the militiaforces Jhould be augmented: and whereas by an aft,paffed in the laft Jfffton of parliament, intituled, An ad to and ilGeo/j. amend and render more effectual the laws relating to the railing ***• 59» and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; and to eftablilh certain regulations with refped to officers ferving in the corps of fencible men direded to be railed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and certain other corps therein mentioned, it is enafted, That it Jball and may be lawful for any of his Majefty's lieutenants to authorife the acceptance of any number of volunteers in any regiment or battalion of militia, and to appoint officers to command fuch volunteers, provided the number of fuch volunteers does not exceed the complement of any one company in any fuch regiment or battalion: and whereas it may he expedient further to extend the proviftons of the faid aft with re-fpeft to the raifing volunteer companies in the militia forces of this kingdom \ be it therefore enaded by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thar, from and Lordllieuten* after the patting of this ad, if any perfon or perfons, properly autsimpower-qualified according to the laws now in force, lhall offer to his ^volunteer Majefty’s lieutenant of any county to raife one or more company companies, or companies to be added to the regiment or battalion of any andtoappoint county or riding, it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty’s officers there*

% lieutenant to Accept fuch offers, and to appoint fuch officers >IU accordingly; and lhall certify to his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-ceflbrs, the names and ranks of fuch officers, within one month after they (hall be fo appointed ; and in cafe his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, lhall, within one month after fuch certificate laid before his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, fignify his or their difapprobation of any perfon to be fuch officer in the militia, his Majefty’s lieutenant lhall not grant a commiffion to fuch perfon, but lhall grant commilfions to fuch perfons fo appointed who lhall not be difapproved of by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, as aforefaid; and on the certificate at his Majefty’s lieutenant, or of the commanding officer of the regiment or titled to the" Vol. XXXII.	Gg	battalion	fane pay, dec.

Digitized by

Google

4*.

•a the other militia forces.

Augmented

regiments not to be made iwoljaitalioos,.

Volunteer companies to be fubjeft to ail the laws, regulations, &c. ndw in force felating to the militia j

and to be re-

duced 'vnen fbe milina fhall be dif* embodied, &c.

Continuance of this a$.

Anno d^imo none (Seorgii III*. $.,7<v	[4779,

battalion to which fuch company or companies (hall be annexed* that fuch company or companies are adually railed, fitch cost* pany or companies (h?U be inytled to th* fame allowance of bounty, fubfiftence money, arms, and dothlrig, as the reft of his Majefty’s militia forces in this kingdom.	.	'	'	.	.

II.	And be it enafted, That when any fuch copipaoieaQf volunteers (hall be added to any regiment, foch addition (hall not nuke it nece&ry to fepavate foch regiment into two battafi* ops, but fuch regiment (haH remain and continue one tezj-merit.

III.	And he it further eaa&ed by the authority afiarc&ki,

That sU and every the ferera) kiwi* and all the mica/ FUgoft* tims, penalties, faefcoures, ekufes, matter*, rnd things tfrere-m contained, and now in force, or which (hall be paries in.®* feffion of parliament, relative to the rating, tmintng, payrr^, clothing, embodying, and calling out, thq militia, fk^n S applied, pradifed, and put in execution, with relpeft to thy additional volunteer companies by this aft dire&ed to be raiM, in as full and am^le manner as if the feid feveraf laws, rules, regulations, pen ah res, forfeitures, daufeg, matters., and thlngfL were herein again at large repeated and re-enaded in the bod]MJ* this prefeat act; Cave and except fi> far as the feme are altered by any pxwifions contained in this aft'.	'	'	6	"v ‘ ■

itV. And be it farther enabled by the autbofity ^forffti4*r That all volunteer companies which (hall be railed iapurfuaace of tbi* aft, (hall be reduced and difiolved whenever the milim of^the counties, ridings, and1 places, in which fach cottotaifer fltaJf be railed, (halt be difembodied, or at fuch earlier as his Majefty (hall fignify his pleasure to reduce fuch cooa* panics,

V. And be h further enafted by the authority aforeffcld, That dm aft (hall be and continue in force until the Bicytibtr, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two* an4oq longsc.

C A P. IrXXVH.

An a St to enable the commiffioneri of his Majefty* treifury to eom« ppund S debt dee to the crown from James GtMaf* and* bit foresaw, and for vrftina the fltate* of thr laid j?ni0*Gitfa#*iojFra»cij OiUut and Tnomas GiUi^rtv and for other purpofea tberaks jncfttfenqdt "

Preamble$ reciting (evera) bonds entered into by James Gjldart, and hfe fureries. A writ of extent lifued by the court of exchequer. CouSy^d?. (toners of the treafury impowered to compound with Francis Grldartajia Thomas Gildart, for the money remaining due to the crown from James Gildart, as receiver general of the land tax. See. for Laocafhire, or from his lurches. All the ettates, both real and perfonal, which James Gil* dart was poflefled of or intitlrd to at the filing, out of the extent * sad alfo the e(fates which were devifed as aforefgidby Richard Gildsrt, arc veiled in Francis Gtidart and Thomas Gihlarrj fubjeft to the payment of fhe competition herein mentioned for the debts a foretold. Upon pay* ment of the competition abovsnpeai^onedv or gndog fecurity for the (amo, the f*jd ylfates to be abfolutely veiled in tjum and thpir henrs^ freed; frits* all. debt* due from James Gild art to the crQtgn,, *Njd fooq^thc bqndagr

Digitized by

Google

17}$?} Arino declmd nortd GfeoiKitf III. t. 78.

tettd into by his furetirt. Francis Gildart and Thomas Gildart im-powtrcd to bring aft ions frit rfccfiverihg pdflefifon 6F premifcs, &c After pay mem of, or giving fccurity For* the compoiition herein mentioned, th^afttWGsidwftates vefted in Francis and Theme! Gddhft# ted any cfauo which James Gildart may hereafter acquire, and alio hit feveral fareues, are freed ihd aifehirged 6f the iFore (aid debts due to the crown. Ueuei Al faf»g.

prerent Majefty'l reign, fbr building a temporary bridge over tft* rivtr Tyne, between the town of Newcastle upon Tyne and GateChead, in the county of Durham j.for ewaptetiilg the tie# ftoue bridge over the faid river \ and for making the avenues to, and the pafiage over the (amt more commodious.

Prutabla. Trufan. SlM tmftcci of tttafc «o *A, nor tmat A be chefen. Truftees hn flowered to build the parapet wkU on that part of the bridge whkh belongs to thd fee of Durtiam, For regulating the meet-1 ings, and tfid quorum of the truftees. All meetings to be held in the mayor'* ehfcnibtr, Ac. No order to be ttvfiktti trtleft 15 truftees ftml) bo prefcat. triiho feo tppoitt oitttt) aOd alttw them (ahtrits.. Oftcrtv to accounts and pay (hh balance. Pcnsrity op default. If balance be ribt ! paid* it may be levied by diftrefe. On failure of diftrefs« Ac. officer to be 1 ccfttiitiitted. Teihpoi'afy bridge to be further continued fbr three years j

, bitt to be trikeituwiy it Itoiit bridge be fattier fiimhM. TVdfWei itrt-powered to treat far hoafe*, Ac. to ha taken down to opart aVemWs to the new bridge. If owners, Ac. and the truftees cannot agree, the recom-t pence and damage to be ascertained by a jury. No houies to be built on , the new bridge. Incapadflttd |>*ffohs im^odrfred to fell. On refufal to traat, Ac. damage* to be ascertained by a jury* On payment of purehafe mfi&ey, pre miles U> be conveyed. In tale of a detective rifle, Ac. or mortgagee* refufing to take in their mortgage money, irfe purthafe money (hall be paid Into rod dhamber of the town of Newcaft'd* and preritife* bte vetfad in the trftfteei. Purehafe art) met, on proper application, to bo placed out at intereft. Mefne profits recoverable. Mortgagees, on payment or tender of mortgage money and Intereft, to convey. Tehantsto quit on fix months notice; on retoftl, (herifls to deliver pofleffion. Trufi. tees may fine fheriffi. See, for making default. Monies payable to bodies corporate, Ac. to be reinvested in purehafe of other eftates. TxuUeea miy fell Overplus ground. Application of the produce thereof. Truftees ami jurymen fiat to aft where mterefted. Tolls to be continued. Recompute* to be made to the corporation, for land taken friwn them to itoako avenues. Tftlls may be affigned far money borrowed. Certain times appointed for auditing the accounts. Tolls may be varied. Truftees may , leafe the tolls. Duration of falfon the new bridge. Tolls, Ac. riot to ' be aflefted to any taxes what foe ver. Penalty cm deftrOfing tdH-gdter, Ari. Penalty on attaching or threatnmg colleftors, Ac. Officers who (hall receive any penalties, and rufofc euicuooiit fof Vhe farrra, may be committed. Proceedings not to be qualfied for wanf of form. Saving the rights of the corporation. Limitation of aAions* General iftut* Treble uoitsa Piiblick aft.

Anno dedmo nono Gborgii III. c. 79,—[t 775-

An all for enlarging the term and powers of an ail, made in the twenty-ft xtb year of the reign of his majefly King George the 'Second, intituled. An ad for repairing the road from the turnpike road at Buckton Burn, in the county of Durham, through Berwick upon Tweed, to Lammerton-bill, and alio the federal other roads therein mentioned, lying in the faid county, and within the liberties of the faid town of Berwick.

An ail for enlarging the term and powers of an+8, made tn the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his majefly King George the Second, intituled. An ad for refpairing and widening the road from Thirfk, over Skipton Bridge, through Balderjby, to Red* derfly-gate, adjoining to Hutton moor, in the way to Ripen; and through Aindtrby, J^ueryiow,. and Nojlerfeld, by IVed Flafles Gate, to Majham, in the county of York\ and likewifc for removing the tolt-houfe and turnpike-gates at Bufby StM, in the faid county, to fome other convenient place in the road leading from Borough-bridge to the city of Durham.

An ail for continuing the term, and altering the powers of ate off, made in the thirty fecond year of the reign of bis late Majefly, for repairing, widening, and rendering iafe and commodious, fe-veral roads leading from the town of South Molton, in the county of Devon.

An ail for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an ail, pajfed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of bis late tnajefty King George the Second* for repairing and widening the road from the town of Market Harborough, in the county of Leicefter, through the town of Lutterworth, in the Bid county, to the city of Coventry.

An ait for enlarging the terms and powers of three ails, pajfed in the feventh year of the reign of King George the Fir ft, and in the fifteenth and twenty fourth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road from Wendover to the town of Buckingham, and other roads in the county ^ Buckingham, fo far as the fame relate to the road from the weft end of the town of Beaconsfield to within half a mile of the river Colne, near Uxbridge, in the county of Middlefex.

CAP, LXXIX.

CAP. LXXX.

CAP. LXXXL

CAP. LXXXIL

CAP. LXXXIIl

CAP.

\ 1779.]. Anpo decuno n0O0 GeoRGII III. c. 84^89. \ CAP. LXXXIV.

■	An aft for widening and repairing a lane called Pitt’s or Sheppard’s

Lane, leading from the market-houfe in the town Maidenhead, in the county of Berks, towards Cookham, in the faid county, and for turning the courji of the prefent road, leading from Ray-' mills and Cookham to the turnpike road near Maidenhead aforefaid.

C A P. LXXXV.

An ad for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers,

{ of an ad, made in the twenty -flxth year of the reign of his late Majejly, for repairing the road from AJhby-de-la Zoucb,\n the. |	county of Leuefier, through Burton upon Trent,	in the eourity

; of Stafford, and to The Cock Inn in Tutbury in the faid county.

CAP. LXXXVl.

■	An aft for enlarging the term of an aft, made in the twenty-eighth 1 year of King George the Second, intituled. An a£t for repairing the road from a certain place in Bury, in thq county of Huntingdon, through IVarboys, Old Hurjl, Saint Ives, Hilt on^ Eltijley, IVareJley, Gamlingay, and Potton, to a houfe called the Spread Eagle in Stratton, within the feveral counties o( Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in thethirty-fecondyear ofthe reign, of bis majejly King George the Second, intituled, An ad for repairing and widening the road from Chef-terfield, to the turnpike road at Hemftontrlane Head; and alfo the road branching from the faid‘road, upon the Eajl Moor, through Baflow and Wdrdlow, to the joining of the faid roads again near fVardlow-mires\ and alfo the road leading between the faid road and branch, from Calver-bridge to Baflow-bridge-, and alfo the road from the turnpike road near Newhaven-boufe, to the turnpike road near Grindie ford-bridge, in the county of Derby.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An aft for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an aft, made in the thirty fecond year of his late Majejly, for repairing and widening the road from Dewjbury to Ealand, in the weft riding of the county of York.

C A p. IXXX1X.

An aft for continuing the ttrm, and altering and enlarging the powers, ef an aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late '	'	Majejly

Digitized by

Ando dactmonoao GfiOROit IK.

Majefly, for repairing and amending	reads	leading	from

U pton in the county of WocdeXer, and ether rends therein mentieee-ed; and for amending the road leadingfrom the While Cnofy in. the parifoof Henley Cuftte, W the fidd county, to the rforr SeVeA. ’

CAP. XC.

Ana8 to enlarge the term end powers of an aR, ah the

ftxtb year ofthe reign of bis late Aiajefj, for repairing tfo MM from the borough of Leiccfler, in tne county of	to

the town of Ajhay-dO-la-Zoucb, in the bid county.

CAP. XCI.

An 08 for more effeRttallj repairing the rood	Stratford

Upon Avon	toEdgfaill, in the	ceesnty of Warwick * and far

pealing the Jeveral laws now in force relating to the feid room,

CAP. XCtl.

An oR for more effcQually repairing,	» end amending, the

roads from Wigan to Prefton, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and for repealing feveral aRs, made in the thirteenth year George the Ftrft, and the fourth and	jean	ofMtkga.

Majefly) relating to the faid roads,	,

CAP. XCIII.

Ana£l for amending and beeping in repair the tread from a certain bridge over a brook or flrtam called Sudbrook, the Alp of Gloucefter, to the nhtt mile flone on the Briftol road, at or neat a plate tailed The Clay Pits, in tbt {/‘Gloucester.

C A P. XCIV.

* )

AtraR far continuing the term, and varying	powers, of twod&i,

tandem tbo twenty-fxtb and twmty-mttb years of the rtigntfbis late Majefly, for repairing and widening the road from the top •f White Jbeet Hill, in tne partth of	Saint	Andrew, m

the county of Wilts, and feveral other reads therein	t, h.

tie counties ofDoxiet, Somerfet, and Wilts.

C A P. XCV.

An alt for repealing an	aR,made in the twenty-fifth year of tbt reign

of bis'	late Majefly King Geoige Stand, far repairing

and widening the road from	through	the	town	of

Alnwick to Rothbuiy, and from thence to the town of Hexbam; and alfo the road leading oat of the afbrefaid road, between	Alnwick and Rilhbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the'

county of Northumberland', mod ffftdheA fed* vifionfor the repair, of the fiud rtems,

CAP.

Digitized by L^ooQle

*779*1 Anno ckounawWO Giqkgh UL c. 96,—joi. 453*

• C A P. XCVI,

4* affifor enlarging	the	term and pmers tht

thirty-firjl year oj tht reign of bit late	King	George the

Second., intituled. An *&.for repairing and widening the roads from Little Sheffield, in the county 01 Yuri, through the towns of	fdathorjage,Hope, and	to Sparrewpit-gate, in.	the

coynty of Derby, and. from The Guide new Berber’s fields Cupola, through GtUtdleford+bridge, Greet HtuUtw, fid-fwell, Hardgite-utaU, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the county of Derby,

CAP. XCVII.

Aii	aftfbr continuing the term, and altering the powers, of an alt,

made in the	twenty-fixtb year of the reign of his late Majefiy, for

repairing the road from the city of Carlifle to the town of Penrith, \n the county of Cumberland, and from the faid town of Penrith to Bamont Bridge, which divides the counties of Cumberland and	Wtfimorelani.

. ,	CAP.	XCYIU.

An Oft for continuing the term, and enlarging the power ft

made in the	twenty fixth year of the reign of his late majefiy King

George the Second, for repairing and widening the row load* tog from Flimvjell Vent, in the parifb of	in	the

County oi Sttffix, to the town and port of Haflings, in the faid county.

CAP. XCIX.

Apt aft for	repairing and widening the roadfrom Ganderiain,

county of Derby to Sheffield, in the weft riding of tho	of

York; and alfi tht road branching out of tho faid roadat or near Mofborough-grecn, in the faid county of Derby, to Clown, «$ the fame county,

C A P. C .

An aft for enlarging the term and altering and varying the fo much of an aft,made in the thirty-fecondyear of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second,for repairing fevcral roads leading to the town of Bridgewater, in the county^ of v Semtrfit, and other roads therein mentioned, as relates to the roads leading to tho faid town,

CAP. Cl.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of two afts made in the tkiriy*jMapdyaor-of the- reign of hi* late majefiy King George the Secondhand tty the: fecondyepr of the niffefhh-	tA

lOf

Digitized by

Anno decirno nono GeorGII HI. C.ios,—to6b £1779.

for repairing and widening the roads from Oxdamagate in Popbamlane to the city of Winchejler* >and from the Cud city through Hurjley to Chandler'5 Ford, and from HurjUy afardaid to the turnpike road at Romfy, and from the laid turnpike road through Ringwoodt id the county of Southampton* to Long-bambrifge, and Wmhorne Minjler in the county of Darfet* id for amending and widening the road from Ringwood-gate in the fold county of Southampton to Woolfbridge, and from a Jkett called The Hundred at Rotnfey, through Chilworth, to the river at Swathling in the jaid county.

CAP. C1I.

aft for amending, widening, and keeping in repair* the roads leading from Ludjowfach, in the county of Carmarthen, to the town of Landovery, and from thence through the town ofLon* gadock to the river Amman, andfeveral other roads in the fob county communicating therewith%

cap. cm.

An aft for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, cf an aft, made in the fifth year of his prefent Majcjly^ for repairing, widen* ing, and keeping in repair, feveral roads leading from MU* welly, in the county of Carmarthen, and alfb feveral roads leading from Landilo, in the faid county, fo far as relsueio the roads included in the Kidwelly dijirift • and alfo for repair* ing, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral other roads within the faid county.

CAP. CIV.

An aft for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an aft, made in the thirty-firJl year of the reign of bit fan Majefy, for repairing and widening the road from the ftws Inn at Leather head, to the Maypole at the upper end of Spit si or Somcrfet Street, in the parilh of Stoke, near the town of Guide ford, in the county of Surrey,

C A P. CV.

An aft for continuing the term and altering the powers of an aft, made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of bis late majefiy King George the Second, for repairing the joad from the city of Carljle in the county of Cumberland, to the market and fei-port town of Workington in the faid county, fo far as the fa*u relates to the road between the town of Cockermouth and Workington aforefaid.

CAP. CVI.

An aft for the continuing the term, and altering; and enlarging the . powers, of an aft, made in the twenty fixth year of the retgn ef

bis

Digitized by

455

*779'0 Anne decimo nono Georgii III. c. 107,—no.

A/r	Majejly, for repairing and widening the roads from

the eaft end of Brough under Stainmore, in the county of #?//-- marehnd, by the end of Appleby Bridge to Eamont Bridge in the faid county.

cap. cm

ad? /ir enlarging the term and powers, of fo math of an aft, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his majejly King George the Second, (intituled, An adt fpr amending, widening, and Keeping in repair, the roads from the town of Wrexham, in the . county of Denbigh, to Pent re Bridge, ih the county of ; and from the town of Mold to Northop, Holywell, and Rhud-dlan, in the fame county ; and from thence to the Ferryhdufe, oppofite to the town of Conway, in the county of Carnarvon j . and from Ruthin to the faid town of Mold; as relates to the -* diflrift of road from the town a/* WrCxham, in the county of Den* high, to Pentre Bridge, in the county of Flint.

CAP. CVIII.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an oft, made in the twenty fixtb year of the reign of bis majejly King George the Second, intituled. An adt for widening ana repairing the high road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the counties of Lancajler and Weftmoreland, to the town of Kirkby in Kendal, and from the faid toton of Kirkby in Kendal, through the town of Shapp, to Eamont Bridge, in the faid county of Wejlmore-land.

CAP. CIX.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of fo much of an aft, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his majejly King George the Sc* condy intituled. An adt for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the town of Wrexham, in the couhty of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the county of Flint; and from the town of Mold to Northop, Holywell, and RhudcBan, in the fame county 5 and from thence to the Ferryboufe, oppofite the town of Conway, in the county of Carnarvonand from Ruthin to the faid town of Mold *, as relates to the dijlrift of road from the town of Ruthin, in the county of Denbigh, to the town 0/ Mold, in the county of Flint.

CAP. CX.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft mode in the ' eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled. An adt for repairing and widening feveral roads leading to the town of Lantrijjintf and klfo the ro*d leading; from Newbridge to a place called the Did Furnace,, all in the county of Glamorgan.

Vol. XXXII.	Hh	CAP.

Digitized by Google

Amo decura neno Gmntau	>779;	-

CAP. CXI. * .

An off for enlarging the term and	of	an fqffeJ in the

thirtieth year	of the reign of King George the 8ertnd,	for amend-

ing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from thev turnpike road at the bottom of Shaw Hill, in the parifh off Melijham, through Gvtges Lamnod Weft	totton, to the turnpike road it Upper Oath, in the parifh

ofCaflk-combe, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. CXII.

jfa oil fir	continuing the term	if an a the thirtieth ytar of Its

late Majejby, for amending, widening, m a king commodious, and keeping in repair^ the road from The Cry: Keys, Other-wife Brisker:	Barn,in the parity of	, in the county

of	Wilt:,to Bath Baflott Bridge, in the county of Spmer/et.

CAP. CXIII,

r *

An ad to enlarge the term and power: of an	paled in the tjaeuff-

fixth feat of the reign of bis late riayeJfyKing George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads from Span &nntbjm in the town (hip of Elton, through the town of	, and

by Spittle Hill in Stantborn, to Winsford Bridge; and from Spittle Hill to the town of tfotthw in the county palatine of Cheflir.	**.l

CAP. CXIV.

An afl fir reviving	and continuingthe term and varying the fiafeps

qf an off, made in the twenty-ninth year of hi: late amending, widening, and keeping in repair, revert! 'rtMw* leading from the market-houfe, ami elfewhere, in the town of Ludlow, in the county of Salop; and for amending, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike or fife-gate, in the parijh of Athford Bowdler,	road on the

Clee Hill, in the fiid	county.

CAP, CXV.

An	at1 to enlarge the term and power: of an all, pqffid in the

twenty-fifth year of the reign of hi: late Majefly, for repairing the road from the town of Cvencefier to the town of Strut!, and that part of Roadbortugb Hwhich leads to Dndbridge; and alfo the road leading from Cireucgfier towards fat m the bottom of Gulph	HiUj all in the county of GJkuttptr-

C A P. CXVI.

An all to enlarge the term and powers of an aff,taffed in fa thirty firf year of the reign of its tote majefiy King. George the

fog

Digitized by boogie

457

1779*3 Anno dedmo nono Geqrgii III. c. 117,-126.'

for repairing and widening the road from	,	In	the

county of Glouce/ler, to Cricklade, in the county of Wilts.

An	aOfor mating and repairing feveral roads round the city of

An oHfar amending the road from the nine mile font on the Briftol road, at or near a place calud'Thc clay pits, to or near the chapel at Stone; and alfo the roads to and near Berkeley, Durfley, Wotton under Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury; and feveral other roads in the counties of Gloucester and Wilts.

Jin	ail far reducing into one ail af parliament the feveral laws now

in farce for repairing the road leading from the town or village of Tittenior to the moft northern part Tulk on the hill, in Butt lane in the county of Stafford; and for repairing the road from Darlaftone bridge, over Tittenior Heath, through the town or village of Tittenfor aforefaid.

of_feveral ails of parliament, made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, the eighth year of King George the and twenty-fecond year of his late Mayfly, for repairing the road leading from Kilbaurn-bridge, in the county of	,	to

Sparrows Heme, in the county of Hertford.

CAP. CXVII.

Briftol.

CAP. CXVIII.

CAP. CXIX.

END op PART II. VOL. XXXIL