THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno Quadragesimo Sexto

GEORGII III. REGIS:

BEING THE

FOURTH SESSION of the SECOND PARLIAMENT

OF THE

UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

Vol. XLVI

THE

Statutes at large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA,

TO THE END OF THE

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq.

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XLVI.

CAMBRIDGE;

Printed by R. Watts, at the university press,

(By Assignment from the Executor of Mr. Charles Bathurst, )

FOR J. JOHNSON, ST. PAUL'S CHURCH-YARD, C. AND J. ROBINSON, PATERNOSTER-ROW, AND D. OGILVY AND SON, AT NO. 315, HOLBORN, LONDON.

1807.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

A

TABLE

OF ALL

THE STATUTES

PASSED

in the FORTY-SIXTH YEAR of the Reign of his Majesty

KING GEORGE III.

Being

The Fourth Session of the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

Cap. 1. An Act to empower the Auditor of the Exchequer to constitute a Trustee for the Execution of the said Office in the Case therein mentioned.

Cap. 2. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

Cap. 3. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

Cap. 4. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Lady Viscountess Nelson, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the late Vice Admiral Lord Viscount Nelson to His Majesty and the Publick.

Cap. 5. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Rear Admiral Sir Richard Strachan Baronet, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered to His Majesty and the Publick.

Cap. 6. An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

Cap. 7. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and six, and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and six.

Cap. 8. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

Cap. 9. An Act for allowing, until the Signature of Preliminary Articles of Peace, Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports.

Cap. 10. An Act for further continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 11. An Act for allowing the Exportation of Corn and other Articles for the Use of His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons.

Cap. 12. An Act to continue several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties, on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and for granting a Duty upon Malt and Spirits made and distilled in Ireland, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six; and for granting certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven.

Cap. 13. An Act for settling and securing certain Annuities on Cuthbert Lord Collingwood, and the several other Persons therein described, in Consideration of the signal and important Service performed by the said Cuthbert Lord Collingwood to His Majesty and the Publick.

Cap. 14 An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, and to amend several Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

Cap. 15. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man.

Cap. 16. An Act to continue until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty, and the United States of America.

Cap. 17. An Act to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Exportation to the United Kingdom, of Wool from the British Plantations in America.

Cap. 18. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Operation of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the same relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture.

Cap. 19. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

Cap. 20. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, and amend so much of an Act made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

Cap. 21. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

Cap. 22. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

Cap. 23. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service; and to indemnify those who have advised His Majesty to land such Soldiers in this Kingdom.

Cap. 24. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

Cap. 25. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

Cap. 26. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

Cap. 27. An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, so much of an Act made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of His late Majesty, as relates to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties Excise.

Cap. 28. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland.

Cap. 29. An Act for reviving and continuing several Laws of Customs relating to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to Great Britain, of Corn; and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, Until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine; and for continuing several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported from Great Britain, and taking off the Duties on Importation into Great Britain of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the granting a Bounty upon the Importation into Great Britain of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax, from His Majesty's Colonies in America; and to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries; and for reviving and continuing several Laws relating to the regulating the Prices at which Corn and Grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and to the Admission to Entry in Great Britain of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fishery from and residing in the said Island; and for continuing an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and for reviving and continuing several Laws relating to the permitting the Importation into Great Britain of Hides and other Articles in Foreign Ships; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions; and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight; and for reviving and continuing an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Flaxen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven; and for amending and further continuing an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the free Importation into Great Britain of Cochineal and Indigo, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine.

Cap. 30. An Act to authorize His Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

Cap. 31. An Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for empowering His Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland as might voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain.

Cap. 32. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland to issue Treasury Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six; and for making forth Duplicates of Treasury Bills lost or destroyed.

Cap. 33. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions by way of Annuities.

Cap. 34. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

Cap. 35. An Act to revive and amend so much of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for granting certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, as provides for the exempting from the said Duties, Bank Notes and Bank Post Bills issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

Cap. 36. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament as charges a Duty of Three Shillings upon certain Tenements or Dwelling Houses in Ireland.

Cap. 37. An Act to declare the Law with respect to Witnesses refusing to answer.

Cap. 38. An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs upon Tea imported into Great Britain, and granting a Duty in lieu thereof; and for granting to His Majesty Additional Duties of Excise on Tea.

Cap. 39. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff.

Cap. 40. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Vice Admiral Sir John Thomas Duckworth, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered to His Majesty and the Publick.

Cap. 41. An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

Cap. 42. An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof, by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from, or brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain.

Cap. 43. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Appraisements and on Licences to Appraisers in Great Britain.

Cap. 44. An Act for carrying to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, the Duties on Wine granted by Two Acts of the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of His present Majesty.

Cap. 45. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Treasurer of the Ordnance.

Cap. 46. An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

Cap. 47. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities or Debentures for the Service of Ireland.

Cap. 48. An Act for continuing an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment, of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man.

Cap. 49 An Act for encreasing the Salaries of the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland, and of the Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh.

Cap. 50. An Act for extending the Annuity granted to Earl of St. Vincent, to the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount St. Vincent is limited.

Cap. 51. An Act to repeal several Acts passed in the Forty-third and Forty fourth Years respectively of His present Majesty's Reign, for the raising and establishing an Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm.

Cap. 52. An Act to prevent the Importation of Slaves, by any of His Majesty's Subjects, into any Islands, Colonies, Plantations or Territories belonging to any Foreign Sovereign, State, or Power; and also to render more effectual a certain Order, made by His Majesty in Council on the Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, for prohibiting the Importation of Slaves (except in certain Cases), into any of the Settlements, Islands, Colonies, or Plantations on the Continent of America, or in the West Indies, which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War; and to prevent the fitting out of Foreign Slave Ships from British Ports.

Cap. 53. An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, issuing, or carrying into Execution any Order or Orders for permitting the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, into and out of His Majesty's West India Islands, and the Colonies, Settlements, and Territories, which have been conquered by His Majesty's Arms.

Cap. 54. An Act for the more speedy Trial of Offences committed in distant Parts upon the Sea.

Cap. 55. An Act to provide for the Payment, at the Bank of Ireland, of the Interest on certain Debentures now payable at the Exchequer of Ireland; and also for altering the Days of Payment of the Interest or Dividends on certain Annuities in Ireland.

Cap. 56. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for continuing and amending several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, and the Warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation.

Cap. 57. An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament for the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster.

Cap. 58. An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Collection and Management of His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, and Taxes in Ireland.

Cap. 59. An Act to regulate the Packing of Butter in Ireland for Sale or Exportation.

Cap. 60. An Act for amending an Act passed in Ireland, in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, intituled An Act for amending and making more effectual, the several Laws relating to the First Fruits payable out of Ecclesiastical Benefices in this Kingdom; and for the better Regulation and Management of the charitable Bequest of Doctor Hugh Boulter, late Lord Archbishop of Armagh, for augmenting the Maintenance of poor Clergy in this Kingdom, so far only as relates to the said charitable Bequest.

Cap. 61. An Act to authorize certain Publick Officers to send and receive Letters and Packets by the Post, free from the Duty of Postage.

Cap. 62. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Iron, Sugar, and Tea into and from Ireland.

Cap. 63. An Act to repeal several Acts passed in the Forty third and Forty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for raising and establishing an Additional Force in Ireland for the Defence of the Realm.

Cap. 64. An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

Cap. 65. An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property Professions Trades and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property Professions Trades and Offices; and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties.

Cap. 66. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Cap. 67. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt and Spirits made in Ireland.

Cap. 68. An Act to continue until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities and Abuses which might have taken Place in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin.

Cap. 69. An Act for making better Provision for Soldiers.

Cap. 70 An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail, in Inland.

Cap. 71. An Act to amend several Acts for the Encouragement of finding and working Mines and Minerals within Ireland.

Cap. 72. An Act for enabling His Majesty to permit the importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into, and from, the Port of Road Harbour, in the Island of Tortola.

Cap. 73. An Act for granting Rates of Postage on the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from Gibraltar and the Island of Malta.

Cap. 74. An Act for permitting Prussian Yarn to be imported in Foreign Ships, on Payment of the like Duties as if imported in British Ships.

Cap. 75. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Duties of Excise in England.

Cap. 76. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Stamp Duties in England.

Cap. 77. An Act for continuing the Encouragement of Persons making Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude in carrying the Acts relating thereto into Execution.

Cap. 78. An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on the Amount of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes therein mentioned.

Cap. 79. An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and the Most Noble Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton, in pursuance of an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty.

Cap. 80. An Act to provide for the more effectual Examination of Accounts of the Expenditure of the Publick Money in the West Indies, and for the better Discovery of Frauds and Abuses therein.

Cap. 81. An Act for better encouraging the Manufacture of Thread Lace in Great Britain.

Cap. 82. An Act for abolishing Fees received by certain Officers and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs, in the Port of London; and for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others so employed.

Cap. 83. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Post Office in England.

Cap. 84. An Act to grant certain Allowances out of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to Persons in respect of the Number of their Children.

Cap. 85. An Act for reviving and continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Manner in which the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies shall hire and take up Ships for their regular Service,

Cap. 86. An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant the Castle of Norwich, with the Common Gaol, Castle Hill, and certain Land adjacent thereto, in the County of Norfolk, and for vesting the same in His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, for the Use thereof; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

Cap. 87. An Act more effectually to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported or exported into or from Ireland; and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances, and Drawbacks thereon.

Cap. 88. An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and the Warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation.

Cap. 89. An Act for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall, and the Two Houses of Parliament.

Cap. 90. An Act to enable His Majesty annually to train and exercise a Proportion of His Subjects in England, under certain Regulations, and more effectually to provide for the Defence of the Realm.

Cap. 91 An Act for the Return of correct Lists of Persons liable to serve in the Militia, under an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty; and to suspend the Ballot for the Militia in England for Two Years.

Cap. 92. An Act to amend Three Acts made in the Thirty-fifth, Forty-first, and Forty second Years of His present Majesty, relating to the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post.

Cap. 93. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

Cap. 94. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, to contract for the Purchase of the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage in Ireland.

Cap. 95. An Act for the more effectually regulating and providing, for the Relief of the Poor, and the Management of Infirmaries and Hospitals in Ireland.

Cap. 96. An Act to amend the Laws respecting the accounting for Money presented in Ireland for the making, repairing, widening, or fencing of Publick Roads, and the building and repairing of Bridges, Pipes, or Gullets.

Cap. 97. An Act to permit the free Interchange of every Species of Grain, between Great Britain and Ireland.

Cap. 98. An Act for making additional and further Provisions for the effectual Performance of Quarantine in Great Britain.

Cap. 99. An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Oil of Vitriol made in Great Britain.

Cap. 100. An Act to empower the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to make certain Allowances to old, infirm, or wounded or disabled Officers in the Royal Navy, and to provide a Fund for the Payment of such Allowances, and for the Increase of Pensions to disabled Seamen and Marines.

Cap. 101. An Act for improving the Funds of the Chest at Greenwich, and amending an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said Chest.

Cap. 102. An Act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Stills used for distilling or rectifying Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland; on Worts or Wash made for extracting Spirits; and on Spirits made for Consumption in Scotland; and for granting and securing other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the Duties on Foreign Spirits and on Malt.

Cap. 103. An Act for allowing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland, and the Coast of Labrador, and for granting a Bounty thereon.

Cap. 104. An Act for continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for allowing, under certain Restrictions, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation.

Cap. 105. An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth; and for extending the Lines and Works at Dover.

Cap. 106. An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland.

Cap. 107. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fve; and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six, also the said Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Acts.

Cap. 108. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors.

Cap. 109. An Act for reducing the Bounty payable on the Exportation of refined Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing the like Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar Candy, as is payable on refined Sugar.

Cap. 110. An Act for granting, during the Continuance of the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

Cap. 111. An Act for authorizing His Majesty in Council to allow, during the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Neutral Ships, into and from His Majesty's Territories in the West Indies and Continent of South America.

Cap. 112. An Act to amend the Laws of Excise, so far as relates to Prosecutions for Penalties, to the counterfeiting the Stamps on the Wrappers of Paper, and to the punishing Persons guilty of Perjury.

Cap. 113. An Act to permit, for and during the Continuance of the present War, French Wines to be imported from Ireland into Great Britain in Bottles or Flasks, under certain Restrictions.

Cap. 114. An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for increasing the Drawback on Linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies.

Cap. 115. An Act to permit Raisins, Currants, and Figs to be exported from Great Britain, Duty free.

Cap. 116. An Act to allow certain Articles to be exported from Gibraltar and Malta, direct to His Majesty's Colonies in North America, in Return for British American Fish.

Cap. 117. An Act to permit until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, or of Timber fit for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America, Duty free.

Cap. 118. An Act to extend the Time for purchasing the Legal Quays and Warehouses in the Port of London, and for authorising the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase Somers and Lyons Quays in the said Port.

Cap. 119. An Act to prohibit for Two Years after the Conclusion of the present Session of Parliament, any Ships to clear out from any Port of Great Britain, for the Coast of Africa, for the Purpose of taking on board Negroes, unless such Ships shall have been previously employed in the African Trade, or contracted for, for that Purpose.

Cap. 120. An Act to continue several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven: and several Acts for granting Duties upon Malt and Spirits made and distilled in Ireland, and for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven; and to amend several of the said Acts.

Cap. 121. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the First Year of King James the Second, as prohibits the Importation of Gunpowder, Arms, and Utensils of War, from Ireland.

Cap. 122. An Act to revive and amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, for enabling the Lord Lieutenant to appoint Commissioners for enquiring into the several Funds and Revenues granted for the Purposes of Education, and into the State and Conditions of all Schools in Ireland.

Cap. 123. An Act to amend several Acts for the Sale of His Majesty's Quit Rents, Crown, and other Rents, and of certain Lands forfeited and undisposed of in Ireland.

Cap. 124. An Act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland, under certain Restrictions.

Cap. 125. An Act for regulating the Rank of Officers in Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps.

Cap. 126. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

Cap. 127. An Act to amend and extend the Benefits of an Act made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, to enable Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families.

Cap. 128. An Act for making Provision for such Matters in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery as from Age or Infirmity shall be desirous of resigning their Offices with the Approbation of the said Court; and for augmenting the Income of the Matters in Ordinary of the said Court.

Cap. 129. An Act to provide additional Salaries to the present Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the said Office, with Salaries; and to make other Payments in respect of the said Office.

Cap. 130. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Chatham, and for the Use of His Majesty's Ordnance at Warley Common and Woolwich, in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty.

Cap. 131. An Act for exonerating the Estates of Percival Lewis Esquire, and Marianne Lewis Spinster, in the Parish of Putney in the County of Surrey, from the Claims of His Majesty against the Estate of Edward Lewis Esquire, deceased.

Cap. 132. An Act for erecting a Light House on the Bell or Cape Rock, on the Eastern Coast of Scotland, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to advance a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, towards that Purpose.

Cap. 133. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, and to make further Provision for exonerating small Livings and charitable Institutions from the Land Tax.

Cap. 134. An Act to provide for the Security and Expedition of the Conveyance of Letters by the Post in Ireland.

Cap. 135. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

Cap. 136. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or other Carriages, and regulating the Conduct of the Drivers and Guards thereof.

Cap. 137. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to be warehoused in Great Britain, to other Articles not therein mentioned, and to alter the Condition of the Bond directed to be given by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, by the Matters and Owners of Vessels and Boats licensed by the Lords of the Admiralty.

Cap. 138. An Act to repeal Part of the Excise Countervailing Duty on Irish Hops imported; for granting an Excise Countervailing Duty on the Importation of Irish Window Glass; and to exempt Tiles made for the Purpose of draining Lands from the Duties of Excise.

Cap. 139. An Act for altering and amending several Laws relating to the Duties of Excise upon Malt, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven.

Cap. 140. An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Militia of England and Scotland respectively as to the Pay of the Officers and Men of the said Militia.

Cap. 141. An Act for making more effectual Provision for the more speedy and regular Examination and Audit of the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom.

Cap. 142. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Surveyor General of Woods and Forests.

Cap. 143. An Act for enquiring into the State of Windsor Forest in the County of Berks, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same.

Cap. 144. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter, amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for establishing and maintaining a Permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England, so far as the same relates to the City of London.

Cap. 145. An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle Annuities on certain Branches of the Royal Family.

Cap. 146. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Earl Nelson and the Heirs Male of his Body, and such other Persons to whom the Title of Earl Nelson may descend; and for granting a Sum of Money to purchase an Estate to accompany the said Title; and also, for granting a Sum of Money for the Use of the Sisters of the late Vice-Admiral Viscount Nelson; in Consideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said late Viscount Nelson to His Majesty and the Publick.

Cap. 147. An Act to enable His Majesty to continue a certain Annuity to George now Lord Rodney, Grandson of George Brydges Lord Rodney, in Consideration of the eminent Services rendered to His Majesty and the Publick by the said George Brydges Lord Rodney.

Cap. 148. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

Cap. 149. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Cap. 150. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain.

Cap. 151. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant new Leases on former Rents for the Benefit of Charitable Institutions, or Augmentation of Ecclesiastical Corporations.

Cap. 152. An Act to stay, until Forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, or Informations under an Act made in the Second Year of King James the First, intituled An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the cutting of Leather, so far as relates to the buying of Oak Bark and rough Hides and Calves Skins in the Hair.

Cap. 153. An Act for the Preservation of the Publick Harbours of the United Kingdom.

Cap. 154. An Act for taking down the present Building in which the Treasury Chambers and Offices of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland were situated, and erecting new Buildings in lieu thereof.

Cap. 155. An Act for applying certain Balances arising from the Forfeited Estates in Scotland, towards making Canals, Harbours, and other Publick Works there.

Cap. 156. An Act for appropriating certain Balances arising from the Forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Use of the British Fisheries, and the erecting a Lunatick Asylum at Edinburgh, and the Payment of the Officers of the late Board of annexed Estates in Scotland.

Cap. 157. An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, to give further Time For the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Installments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houstoun and Company, to Charles Ashwell Esquire, and to William Johnstone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as relates to the Real and Personal Estates of William Mac Dowall, James Mac Dowell, and Robert Houstoun Rae, in the West Indies and elsewhere, except in Scotland.

Cap. 158. An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, to give further Time For the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Installments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houstoun and Company, to Charles Ashwell Esquire, and to William Johnstone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as relates to the Real and Personal Estates of William Mac Dowall, James Mac Dowell, and Robert Houstoun Rae, Esquires, in Scotland.

LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

1. For altering and amending an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for lighting such Part of the Islington as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for establishing a regular nightly Watch therein; and for removing and preventing Nuisances within the said Town and Parish.

2. For making and maintaining a road from Great Bridgewater street, in Manchester, across the river Irwell, through Salford to Eccles, in the county palatine of Lancaster, and several branches of road to communicate therewith.

3. To enable the justices of the peace for the west-riding of the county of York, to provide convenient court-houses for holding the general quarter-sessions of the peace within the said riding.

4. For taking down and rebuilding the body of the parish-church of Chertsey, in the county of Surrey, and for repairing the tower thereof, and building a vestry-room near or adjoining to the said church.

5. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, of the fourth and twenty-fifth years of his present Majesty, so far as relate to the road from the south end of the town of Rotherham, in the county of York, to the present turnpike-road near Pleasley, in the county of Derby.

6. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, of the fourth and twenty-fifth years of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from Tinsley, in the county of York, to the town of Doncaster, in the said county.

7. For continuing the term, and altering the powers, of three acts, passed in the thirty-second year of his late Majesty, and in the fourteenth and twentieth years of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Wetherby to Grassington, in the county of York, so far as the said acts relate to the road from Knaresborough to the junction of the road from Ripon to Pately-Bridge.

8. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, of the fourth and twenty-fifth years of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads leading from the Buck's Head at Watling-street, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Salop; and for making a new branch of road adjoining or near to the said roads.

9. For inclosing lands in the parish of Wymondham, in the county of Norfolk.

10. For inclosing lands in the parish of East-Ruston, in the county of Norfolk.

11. For inclosing lands in the parish of Besthorpe, in the county of Norfolk.

12. To enable the Huddersfield canal-company to raise a further sum of money for the discharge of their debts, and to finish and complete the Huddersfield canal, and for amending the several acts passed for making and maintaining the said canal.

13. For making and maintaining a road from the town of Huddersfield, in the west-riding of tire county of York, to a place called New-Hey, in the parish of Rochdale, in the county palatine of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining certain branches of road to communicate therewith.

14. To continue and amend two acts, passed in the fifth and twenty-sixth, years of his present Majesty, for repairing several roads leading from Lymington, in the county of Southampton; and for amending and widening the road to Wilverley-Post, in the New Forest.

15. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the fourth and twenty-fifth years of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leading from Callington in the county of Cornwall.

16. For enabling the trustees for executing an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for rebuilding the workhouse of the parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the city of London, and for the better relief and employment of the poor in the said parish, to raise a further sum of money for completing the purposes of the said act.

17. For making and maintaining a road from Millbridge to Cleckheaton, in the parish of Birstall, all in the west-riding of the county of York.

18. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of so much of two acts, passed in the fifth and twenty-sixth years of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Bawtry Bridge, in the county of Nottingham, to Hainton, in the county of Lincoln, and other roads therein mentioned, as relates to the first and second districts of roads therein described.

19. For the regulation of the oyster, sole, and salmon-fisheries, within the harbour of Milford, in the county of Pembroke, and the rivers running into the said harbour.

20. For enabling the company of proprietors of the Rochdale canal more effectually to provide for the discharge of their debts, and to amend the several acts passed for making and maintaining the said canal.

21. For amending, altering, and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for paving, and otherwise improving the borough of King's Lynn, in the county of Norfolk.

22. For regulating the charities of John West of London, gentleman, and Frances his wife, both deceased.

23. For inclosing lands in the parish of Martock, in the county of Somerset.

24. For inclosing lands in the parish of Little Snoring, in the county of Norfolk.

25. For inclosing lands in the township of Scotforth, in the parish of Lancaster, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

26. For amending, altering, and enlarging the powers of several acts, passed for paving, pitching, cleansing, and lighting the streets and other places within the city of Bristol and liberties thereof.

27. For better supplying the inhabitants of the town and township of Colne, in the county palatine of Lancaster, with water.

28. To continue and amend an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads leading from Lutterworth-Hand, on the Watling-Street road, through Churchover, Brownsover, Newbold-upon-Avon, Rugby and Bilton, in the county of Warwick, to the turnpike-road between Dunchurch and Hillmorton, in the said county.

29. To extend the provisions of so much of an act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his present Majesty, as relates to repairing certain turnpike-roads in the county of Aberdeen, to other roads within the said county.

30. To continue the term, and enlarge the powers of two acts, passed in the fifth and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Alford to Boston, and from thence to Cowbridge, in the county of Lincoln.

31. To enable the justices of the peace for the county of York to provide a convenient house, with suitable accommodations, for his Majesty's judges of the assizes of the said county.

32. For more effectually presenting frauds and abuses in the admeasurement and delivery of coals, within the several parishes lying between the parishes of Egham and Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the county of Surrey.

33. For altering and enlarging the powers of several acts, made in the fifth and twenty-fifth years of King George the Second, and in the third, eighteenth, and forty-first years of his present Majesty, for enlarging the pier and harbour of Scarborough, in the county of York.

34. For erecting a pier and other works, for the improvement of the harbour of Porthdinlleyn, in Carnarvon Bay, in the county of Carnarvon.

35. To alter and amend an act passed in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for improving and rendering more commodious the port and harbour of Bristol, and for extending the powers and provisions of the said act.

36. For amending an act passed in the eleventh year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for cleansing and lighting the streets of the town of South Leith, the territory of Saint Anthony's and Yardheads, thereunto adjoining, and for supplying the several parts thereof with fresh water, and for the better regulating the police of the said town and territory, and of the town of North Leith, Coalhill and Citadel, and for other purposes therein mentioned relating thereto.

37. For the more speedy and easy recovery of small debts in the town and borough of Grimsby, and the liberties thereof, and in the several parishes and places therein mentioned, in the county of Lincoln.

38. For building a new gaol for the county of the city of Cork, and for supplying the said gaol with water.

39. For better repairing the streets, lanes, and passages within the city of Exeter, and county of the said city, and for amending an act passed in the first year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for enlightening the streets within the city of Exeter and suburbs thereof, and for the better regulation of the watch within the said city and county, and for otherwise improving the same.

40. For amending, and rendering more effectual an act passed in the thirty-second year of his present Majesty, for better paving, cleansing, and otherwise improving the borough of Boston, in the county of Lincoln.

41. For amending and rendering more effectual an act passed in the sixteenth year of his present Majesty, for lighting and watching the streets, lanes, and other publick passages and places within the borough of Boston, in the county of Lincoln, and for removing and preventing nuisances therein.

42. For paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the streets, lanes, and other publick passages and places within the city of Litchfield, and the suburbs thereof.

43. For paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, repairing, and improving the roads, streets, lanes, and other publick passages and places within the borough of Lewes, in the county of Sussex, and for removing and preventing nuisances and encroachments therein.

44. For the more effectual relief and employment of the poor in the parishes of Buxton, Hevingham, Marsham, Stratton, Strawless, Swanton-Abbott, Burgh next Aylsham, Skeyton, Brampton, and Oxnead, in the county of Norfolk.

45.For taking down and rebuilding the bridge across the river Severn, at Gloucester, called The Westgate-Bridge, and for opening convenient avenues thereto.

---

46. For repealing two acts, passed in the second and twenty-1; forth jtm of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from j Cuim, in the county of, Southampton, to the city of Chichester, I and for more effectually repairing the said road.

47. for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the twentieth year of his present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the roads from Warwick to Paddle-Brook, and from Wormd to Stratford-upon-Avon, in the counties of Warwick 2sd Worcester, and for repealing the laws then in force relating to the said roads.

48. For more effectually repairing and amending certain roads in the counties of Roxburgh and Berwick, and for better regulating the statute-labour, and making and repairing the high mads and bridges in the said county of Roxburgh

49. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two acts, passed in the second and seventeenth years of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the tnmpfe-road on ParrancTs Common, through Holt and Melksham, to Hmaris-Stile, in the parish of Lacock, in the county of Wilts.

50. For more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the roads from the city of Gloucester to the top of Birdliv-Hill, and from the foot of the said hill to the top of Crickley-nilL, in the county of Gloucester.

51. To continue the term, and enlarge the powers of two pets, pissed in the fourth and twenty-fifth years of his present Majesty, foT repairing and widening the roads from the High Bridge in Spalding to a certain place called Tydd-Goat, in the county of Lincoln, and from Sutton Saint Manfs to Sutton Wash, in the said county.

52. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several roads leading from and through the town of Wiveliscombe, in the county of Somerset, and other roads therein mentioned, and for amending and widening certain other roads adjoining thereto.

53. For amending, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the guide-post at the top of Stanwix-Bank, near the city of Carlisle, to Westlinton-Bridge, in the county of Cumberland.

54. To enable the duchess dowager of Dorset, or other the guardians for the time being of the infant children of the most noble John Frederick late duke of Dorset, to execute leases for long terms of years, and to execute conveyances of lands within the manor of Bexfull, otherwise Beckesley, in the county of Sussex, fair working mines and other substances within or under the same, and for other the purposes within mentioned.

55. For resting certain undivided parts or shares, devised by the win of Hannah Bedford widow, of and in several estates in the counties of Cornwall and Devon > in trustees* to b$ SoM, and for investing the clear purchase-monies, under the direction of the high court of Chancery, in other estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same uses.

56. For effecting an exchange between Sir Edmund Gradoti Hartopp baronet, and* Edward Hartopp Wigley esquire, of estates in the county of Leicester.

57. For inclosing lands in the manor of Lambeth, in the county of Surrey.

58. For maintaining a Wooden bridge over the river Clyde, from the city of Glasgow to Hutchison Town, in the county of Lanark.

59. To alter and amend several acts, passed in the fortieth, forty-fourth, anti forty-fifth years of his present Majesty, for making wet-docks, basons, cuts, and other works, for the greater accommodation and security of shipping, commerce, and revenue, within the port of London, and for outer the purposes irt the said acts mentioned; and for enlarging the powers thereby gtanted to the London dock-company.

60. For more effectually paving and keeping in repair the footways and cross-paths, and lighting and cleansing the streets, lanes, and other publick passages and places within the town of Uxbridge, in the county of Middlesex, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein, and for watching and watering the said town.

61. For repairing the parish-church of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, and rebuilding the tower thereof.

63. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of several acts, passed for repairing the roads from the town of Selby to the town of Leeds^and other roads therein mentioned, so fat as the same relate to the roads leading from Leeds to Halifax, and the roads called Bowling-Lane and Little Horton-Lanei all in the west-riding of the county of York.

68. For more effectually improving the roads from Manchester, in the County palatine of Lancaster, through Oldhatn to Auster-lafidjy in the parish of Saddleworth, in the county of Yorks and from Oldham to Ashton-under-Lyne, and from Oldham to the village of Royton, in the said county palatine of Lancaster.

64. For effecting art exchange between the right honourable William Viscount Lowther and the devisees under the will of the right honourable James late Earl of Lonsdale^ and to enable the said William Viscount Lowther to enfranchise certain* copy-hold or customary binds, parcel or holden of certain manors in the counties of Westmorland and Cumberlandf devised by the said Will, and for laying out ttk money arising therefrom in the purchase of other estates, to oe settled to the same uses.

65. Fop vesting certain estates in or near Sweetings-Alley, in the city of London (part of the estates devised by the wills of Aftn Ghe/htn and Frances Cheslyn spinsters) in trustees, in trust-to sell the same* and for laying out the money arising

46 GEO. III.

from the sale thereof in the purchase of other estates, to be settled to the same uses as the estates so sold.

66. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the Isle of Wight, in the county of Southampton.

67. For better paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and otherwise improving the city of Norwich.

68. For enlarging the powers of an act passed in the forty-thkd year of his present Majesty, for rebuilding the tower of the parish-church of Saint Peter, in the borough and liberty of Seal Man, in the county of Hertford, together with the ckneel thereof, and for more effectually repairing the said pru/khurch.

69. For more effectually repairing the road from Dunchurck to Hillmorton, in the county of Warwick, and from thence to teat Jame/s End, in the parish of Duston, in the county of ttftlmmptm.

70. For more effectually repairing the roads from the north-vest parts of the county of Lincoln, through Nettleham Fields, Wrwjjq Lsnej and Baumber Fields, to the north-east part of the sad county, and other roads therein described, in the said county.

71. For altering, amending, and consolidating several acts, so far as the same relate to the road from Renfrew to Greenock, and from Kilbarchan to Inchinnan Bridge, in the county of imfretu.

72. For vesting certain estates, devised by die will of Sir Gorge Savtlle baronet, in' trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the purchase-money, under the direction of the high court of Chancery, in other estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same uses.

71 For inclosing and embanking lands in the parishes of Lkndwrog, Uanwnda, and Llanfaglen, in the county of Carnarvon.

74. For opening and improving certain streets in the city of Glasgow, and for removing die slaughter-houses in the said city to a more convenient situation.

75. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the harbour of Androssan, in the county of Ayr, to Tradestown, near Glasgow, in the county of Lanark, and a collateral cut from the said canal to the coal-works at Hurlet in the county of hafrtw.

76. To alter, explain, amend, and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the tenth year of his late Majesty, to enable the proprietors and inhabitants of the houses in Red Lion Square, in the county of Middlesex, to make a rate on themselves for raising money sufficient to inclose, pave, watch, clean, and adorn the said square.

77. For more effectually maintaining, regulating, and employing die poor within the parish of Saint George, in the county of Middlesex, and for cleansing and lighting the squares, meets, and other passages and places, and for keeping and regu-

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

lating a nightly watch within such parts of the said parish as are not within the liberty of the tower of London.

78. For allotting lands in the parishes of Sparham and Billingford, in the county of Norfolk.

79. For vesting part of the settled estates of Saint Andrew Lord Saint John in trustees, to be sold, and for applying part of the purchase-monies arising therefrom, and the purchase-monies of part of the said estates already sold under a power of sale, in paying off an incumbrance upon such estates; and for investing the residue of such monies, under the direction of the high court of Chancery, in the purchase of other estates, to be settled to the former uses.

80. For vesting certain parts of the estates, devised by the will of the right Honourable Marmaduke late Lord Langdaley in the county of York, and limited to other uses by the settlement madje previous to the marriage of the honourable William. Stourton with Catherine his wife, in trustees, upon trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the money arising from the sale thereof in the purchase of other estates, to be settled to the subsisting uses limited by the said will and settlement.

81. For vesting several yearly rents and fines payable to the lord bishop of Durham, in trustees, to be sold, and for enabling the lord bishop of Durham and his successors to enfranchise certain copyhold or customary estates holden of manors belonging to the see of Durham, and for applying the monies thence arising in the purchase of freehold estates, to be settled upon the said lord bishop and his successors.

82. For vesting part of the real estates devised by the will and codicils of Henry Lee Warner esquire, deceased, in new trustees, during the term of five hundred years, upon certain trusts created by the said will and codicils, and for authorising, under the direction and with the approbation of the high court of Chancery, the sale of estates lately belonging to the said Henry Lee Warner, which are situate in the counties of Wilts, Somerset, Northampton and Kent, and in the city and county of the city of Canterbury, and for applying the clear surplus of the purchase-monies, under the direction of the said court; in the payment of debts and incumbrances affecting the real estates late of the said Henry Lee Warner, or in the purchase of estates in the county of Norfolk, to be settled to the uses of the estates so sold.

83. To extend the powers given to and vested in, the trustees of certain lands in Manchester, Crumpsall, and Tetlonv, in the county of Lancaster, called Clarke's Charity Lands, by an act made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of hisj>resent Majesty, intituled An act to enable the trustees of certain lands in Manchester, Crumpsall, and Tetlow, in the county of Lancaster, called Clarke's Charity Lands, to tnake leases for years upon rack-rents, and dlso to grant building-leases, and make conveyances in fee of and upon all or any part of the said lands under reserved yearly rents.

84. For enabling the guarcji^p^l ^rancis Outram, an infant,

(Local and Personal, to be judicially noticed) 46 GEO. III.

or of the persons for the time being entitled to the freehold in possession of the moiety of certain estates situate in or near Ancosts-Lane, Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancasterf dnrig their minorities, to carry into execution certain contracts entered into with the several persons therein named for sale of part thereof, and also for enabling such guardians to convey the residue in fee simple for building upon, reserving rents, or to make building leases thereof^ or to join with the owners for the time being of the other moiety of the same estates in carrying into executka such contracts, and in making such conveyances or leases respectively, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

85. For inclosing lands in the parish of Griston, in the county of N&folL

86. For confirming and establishing a division and inclosure of the open fields in the parish of Moundford, in the county of

NafiB.

87. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, two acts, passed in the twenty-second and thirty-second years of his late Majesty, for the more easy and speeay recovery of small debts within the town and borough of Southwark, and the several parishes and places in the said acts mentioned.

88. To explain, amend, and extend the powers and provisions (fan act passed in the thirty-first year of his late Majesty, for die more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the western division of the hundred of Brixton, in the county of Surrey.

89. For the better relief, maintenance, and employment of the poor within the parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the county of Middlesex; for cleansing and lighting the squares and other passages and places, and keeping a nightly watch; for raising money for repairing the highways in certain parts of the said parish; and for raising money to repair the church of the said parish.

90. For altering and amending an act made in the thirty-fifth

Sof his present Majesty, for watching, paving, cleansing, and ing the parish of Saint Mary4e-hone, in the county of Middlesex, and for the better relief and maintenance of the poor thereof.

91. To provide a fund for repairing and improving the harbour A Dunbar, and other publick works, within the burgn of Dunbar.

92. For improving the Birmingham canal navigations.

93. For better enabling the company of proprietors of the Cnydon3 Merstham, and Godstone iron-railway to complete the nme.

94. For better enabling the company of proprietors of the Surrey iron-railway to complete the same.

95. For more effectually draining and preserving certain fen lands lying in the south level, part of the great level of the fens called Bedford Level) between Brandon River and Sam's Cut Drain.

96. For altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, two acts of the twenty-second year of King George the Second, and the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, so far as relate to draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds lying in die parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, and a place called Byal Fen, in the Isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge, and for adding thereto certain other fen lands in Sutton and Chatteris, lying contiguous to the lands described in the said acts.

97. To enable the several persons therein named to dispose of several houses in Picket-Street^ Temple^ Bar, in the parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the county of Middlesex, and in Skinner-Street, Snow-Hill, and on Snow-Hill, and in Fleet-Market, in the parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the city of London, by lottery.

98. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, of the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the north side of Cavendish-Bridge, in the county of Derby, through the town of Derby, to Brassington, in the said county.

99. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the second and twenty-sixth years Of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from a certain bridge, called James Deeping Stone-Bridge, to Peter* s-Gate, in Stanford, in the county of Lincoln, and from thence to the south Cnd of the town of Morcot, in the county of Rutland.

100. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, of the fourth and twenty-filth years of his present Majesty, for repairing die l oad from the end ox Stanbridge-Lane, in the parish of Romsey, to the turnpike-road at Middle-Wallop, and other roads therein mentioned, iti the county of Southampton,

101. For amending and repairing of the road leading from the town of Kilculien, in the county of Kildare, to the town of Carlow.

102. For mote effectually repairing and improving the road leading from the west end of the town of Beaconsfuid, in the county of Buckingham, Vo within half a mile of the river Colne Hear Uxbridge, in the county of Middlesex.

103. For continuing and amending two acts, passed in the thirty-second year of King George the Second, and in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing several roads therein described, so far as the said acts relate to the district of road between Pateley-Bridge, and Grassington, in the county of York.

104. For effecting the sale of certain real estates, and of certain leasehold tythes, late of Charles Mcllish esquire, deceased, and for applying the puiohase-4nonie& in-discharge of incumbrances! and for laying out the surplus, under the direction of the high Court of Chancery, in the purchase of other estates to be settled to the former uses.

105. For ascertaining the farms and lands in the parish of Inglishcombe, in the county of Somerset, of which the great fythes shall be paid to5 or taken by the vicar for die time being of that parish.

106. For vesting part of the devised estates of Thomas Scrcpe,

(Local and Personal) 4$ GEO. III.

of Cddy, in the county of Lincoln* esquire* deceased* in trustees* to & sold* and far laying oat the dear purchase-monies* under the direction of the high court of Chancery* in the purchase of ether estates to be settled in lieu thereof# and to the same uses.

107. For inclosing and draining lands in the honour* manor* and palish of Wormegag, in the county of Norfolk.

108. For inclosing lands in the manor of Newly, in the county of Watwerland.

109. For inclosing lands in the manor of Cliburn, in the county of WestmsrLmd.

110. For inclosing lands indie parish of AmptUll, in the county of Bedford*

111. For extinguishing all Tight of common over certain parcels of land* in the parish of Chiswick, in the county of Middlesex.

112. For inclosing lands in the manor and parish of Holme Cedtrom, in the county of Cumberland.

113. For altering and enlarging the powers of an act* made in the fctty-third year of hk present Majesty, for the further im-pertmet* of the port of London, by making docks and other vcxks st Biackwsdly for the accommodation of the East India ship-fiagmtbt said port.

114. For the more'easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the townships of Stockport and Brinnington, and within the Santas of Edgeiy and Brinisway, all in the county palatine of (better.

115. For continuing and amending several acts of parliament lor improving the port* harbour* and town of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland.

116. For paving* lighting, demising* and watching the burgh of Paisley, and suburbs thereof? for improving and forming certain streets* and erecting a bridewell or workhouse therein; and far regulating the police and markets.

117. For amending and enlarging the powers of an act passed m dae twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, for paving the footways and passages in the town of Cheltenham, in the county of Gloucester, and for better cleansing add lighting the said town* wihr removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein,

118. For paving, cleansing* lighting, and watering die town of Daventry, in foe county of Northampton, and for regulating the market there; and for enabling, the bailiff, burgesses* and commonalty of the borough of Daventry, to purchase the moos-hA* and to rebuild the same.

119. For supplying with water foe inhabitants of Kensington, Hammersmith, Brentford, Battersea, Richmond, Putney, and several other parishes and places in foe counties of Middlesex and Surrey.

120. To alter and amend the several acts passed for making nod maintaining the Forth and Clyde navigation.

121. For improving the navigation of foe river Ribble, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

122. Far altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an act

A TABLE of the STATUTE^:;

for the reformation of children wfro have jhpipsel ves been engaged in criminal practices; and for incorporating the subscribers theretq, and for the better empowering and er^blipg (them to cany on their charitable and useful designs.

145. For more effectually repairing and improving the roads leading from Maidenhead-Bridge to Readings and from the said bridge to Herder-Bridge, in the county of Berks.

146. For vesting part of the setded estates of Susannah Horritf

Eyre, the wife of William Eyre esquire, ip trustees, to be sold, and for applying part of the purchase-monies in paying off inemu-brances and charges upon such estates, and for, laying out the residue of the purchase-monies in the purchase of other estates to fee settled to the former uses;

147. For enabling a married person to hold and enjoy the office of warden of Wadham college, in the university of Oxford.

LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

1. AN act for naturalizing John Dioderick Holm.

2. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Houghton* Conquest, in the county of Bedford.

3. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Moretqn Bfggott in the county of Warwick, A

4. An act for naturalizing Sophia countess of Mengden jfqd

baroness of Plettenberg3 in the circle of Westphalia^ in the empire of Germany.

5. An act for naturalizing Seigmund Rucker. c n

6. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Wifchfaf^ $Y Mb. tf Mlyi so the County of Cambridge.

7. Act for naturalizing Thomas Adclplwf.

8. An opt for naturalising Andrew Ainedee MiLv\Uc.

9. An act for inclosing lands in the township of Ejsternvnei, in jbe, parish of Humbletq*y in the eastrriding of t^e county of

10. An act for inclosipg lands in the township and parish of {hvthcrn9 in the east-riding of the county of XorL

11. An act for vesting certain parts of the barony of Crimoni^ called Logie, in the county of Aberdeen, and a portion of the common of Cowie, comprised in a deed of entail executed by vice-admiral Robert Duff, upon the thirteenth (Jay of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, >in trustees, 'tq^.sold, and for applying the purchase-money in the purchase of other estates to be settled upon the same series of heirs, and unfl^r the conditions and limitations contained in the said deed of entail, and for feuing certain parts of the barony of Fetferesso, in the county of Kincardine.

12. An act for inclosing lands in the township of Dacre and

[Local act Personal, not printed.) 46 GEO. III.

MR f, in the manor and parish of Dacre, in the county of Cumberland.

13. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Hampreston, in the counties of Dorset and Southampton.

14. An act for inclosing lands in the manor of St afield, other* wise Stafjfdl, in the parish of Kirkoswald, in the county of Cumberland.

15. An act for inclosing lands in the hamlets of Hope, Bradwelt, Aston, and Thornhill, in the parish of Hope, in the county of Derim.

16. An act for inclosing lands in the manor of Kingsley, others umKsofart, in the parish of Tettenhall, in the county of Stafford.

17. An act for inclosing lands in the several manors and parishes 0iWotfidi and ClaverUy, and in the several parishes of Saint Mary Magdalene and Quatford, within the town and liberties of Bridgnorth, in the county of Salop.

18. An act for inclosing lands in the manor and parish of Honutou, in the county of Southampton. v

19. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Troston, in the county of Suffolk.

2O. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Cheame, in the corny of Surrey.

21. An Act for inclosing lands in the parishes of Llandanwg viJUaafiiangeUy^TraethaH, in the county of Merioneth.

22. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Bushey, in the county of Hertford.

23. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Sherfield-Ettglish, is the county of Southampton.

24. An act for allotting lands in the township of Sand Hutton, in the parish of Bossall, in the north-riding of the county of

25. An act for dividing lands in the parish of Hackford, in the county of Norfolk.

26. An act for inclosing lands in the hamlet of Gotherington, in the parish of Bishops-Cleeve, in the county of Gloucester.

27. An act for inclosing lands in the manor, district, and liberties of Bowness, in die barony of Burgh, in the county of Cumberland.

28. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Brinhworth, in 4ft county of Wilts.

29. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Llandeniolen, in mi County of Carnarvon.

30. An act for naturalizing John Christian Wohlmann.

31. An act to enable the guardians of Jane Magdaline Williams, EBuddk Williams, and Maria Catharine Williams, infants, to pant a lease* with the approbation of the court of Chancery, of certain veins of coal, culm, and iron-ore, in the parish of Codex-stone, oat Neath, in the county of Glamorgan.

32. An act for vesting certain estates in the county of York, striedy entailed by the will of Ralph Bell, fate of Thirsh, in the county of York, esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold; and for

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

investing the money arising therefrom, under the direction of the court of Chancery, in the purchase of other estates in the county of York, to be settled to the same uses.

33. An act for amending an act, made in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Harrow, in the county of Middlesex*

34. An act for inclosing lands in the townships of Kirtby-Hill and Langthorpe, in the north-riding of the county of York.

35. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Ojprd-Darcq, in the county of Huntingdon.

36. An act for inclosing lands in the parishes of Llanrug and Llanbeblig, in the county of Carnarvon.

37. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Great Thurbw, in the county of Suffolk.

38. An act for inclosing Lidgemoor common, in the parish of King's-Pyon, in the county of Hereford.

39. An act for inclosing lands in the hamlet or chapelry of Wick-juxta-Pershore, with Wike-Bushel, and Wyke-Waryn, all in the parish of Saint Andrew in Pershore, in the county of Worcester.

40. An act for enabling Henry earl of Abergavenny to grant x new lease of certain entailed mines and hereditaments in the county of Monmouth.

41. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Easton, in the county of Lincoln.

42. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Kilnwicl, in the east-riding of the county of York.

43. An act for inclosing lands in the township of Skelton, in the parishes of Skelton and Overton, in the north-riding of the county of York.

44. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Aldeby, in the county of Norfolk.

45. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Ashley, in the county of Northampton.

46. An act for amending, and rendering more effectual an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty, for inclosing lands in the manor of Tynemouth, otherwise Tyne-mouthshire, otherwise Tynemouth with Tyne mouths hire, in the county of Northumberland'.

47. An act for allotting lands in the parishes of Weasenham All Saints, Weasenham Saint Peter, and Wellingliam, in the county of Norfolk.

48. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Dullingham, in the county of Cambridge.

49. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Crowle, in the county of Worcester.

50. An act for inclosing lands in the township of Kiri* Sandally in the west-riding of the county of York.

51. An act for inclosing lands in the township of Gwyil elfynydd, in the parish of Towyn, in the county of Merioneth.

(localmi Personal, not frinitd.) 46 GEO. ML

52. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Beeston, in the^CflBty of Nettingham.

53. An act for inclosing lands In the parish of Coffered, in the \ WOt] of Hertford.

54. An act for inclosing lands in the manors or parishes of Pdawtrih and Grenden, in the county of Warwick.

55. An set for inclosing lands in the parishes of Ellesmere and Um Morux, in the county of Salop.

56. An set for inclosing lands in the township of Futhourn9 i& the eostty of Cambridge.

57. An act for inclosing lands in the townships of Tarporlep-Earn, Qt&don, and Rushton, in the parish of Tarporley, in the cartjr palatine of Chester.

58. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of EasUKirkby, ii4ecmty of Lincoln.

59. An act for inclosing lands in the manors of Rnightley and Klhmcf, and in or adjoining the manor of Sfandott, otherwise Am, in the county of Stafford.

60. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Norton, in the coatj of Gloucester.

61. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Hinton, com-fflody called Cherry-Hinton, in the county of Cambridge.

62. An act for inclosing lands within the manors of Kirtling and AshUy-eum-Silverley, in the county of Cambridge.

63. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Great-Somery foi, otherwise Bread-Somerford, in the county of Wilts.

64. An act for naturalizing Francis Michad Remi Renard, and Augustus Hipolite Joseph Deroubaix.

65. An act for amending an act passed in the forty-fourth fa of his present Majesty, for inclosing lands within the township or townships ot Ampleforth, in the parishes of Ample-firtk and Oswaldkirk, in the county of York.

66. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Saunderton, in the county of Buckingham.

67. An act for inclosing lands in the township of Dodworth, in the parish of Silistone, in the west-riding of the county of TsHu

68. An act for confirming and establishing an ancient division and isdosure of the common fields in the township of Higham, and for making compensation for the tythes of the lands in the ptkh of Higham, in the county of Leicester.

69. An act for inclosing lands in the parishes of Kirkdak and Helms ley, in the north-riding of the county of York.

70. An act for inclosing lands in the manor of Tunstal and parish of Catterici, in the county of York.

71. An act for inclosing lands in the township of Kelfield, in the east-riding of the county of York.

72. An act for naturalizing Frederick Rodolphus Muller.

73. An act for inclosing lands in the parishes of Market-Deeping and Deeping Saint James, in the county of Lincoln; and foe altering and repealing an act passed in the forty-first year

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of his present Majesty, for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Deeping, Langtoft, Boston, Spaldings Pinchbeck, and Cowbit commons, within the parts of Kesteven and Holland, in the county of Lincoln; and for other purposes in the said act mentioned, so far as the same relates to the division of the said commons.

74. An act for inclosing lands in the parish of Kingston-Bag* puixey in the county of Perks.

75. An act to dissolve the marriage of Sir John Gordon, baronet, with Pyne Crosby> his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

76. An act for naturalizing Peter Von Essen.

77. An act for naturalizing Roelof Jacobus D'Oxy.

78. An act to dissolve the marriage of William Simpson, esquire, with Sarah Barbara Torrianoy his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

79. An act for inclosing lands in the manors and townships of Bakewell and Over-Haddon> in the parish of Bakewell, in the county of Derby.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE

Anno Regni GEO. III. Britannia-rum Regis, quadragesimo sexto.

At the Parliament begun and at Westminster, the Sixteenth Day of November, Anno Domini 1802, in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; on d from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Twenty-First Day of January, 1806; hems the Fourth Session of the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An act to empower the auditor of the exchequer to constitute a trustee for the execution of the said office in the case therein mentioned.

[February 7, 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer and writer of the tallies thereof should\j appointed by his Majesty to the office of lord high treasurer, or one of the commissioners of the treasury, be enabled to accept and hold the said (fee sf lord high^t re usurer or one of the commissioners of the treasury, vdbmst incurring any forfeiture of his said office of auditor, and that fir that purpose and in that case he should be empowered to wninate and constitute a trustee for executing his said office of auditor endwrter of the tallies for so fortg a time as he should himself continue to hM the office of lord high treasurer, or one of the of of the treasury, to appoint a trustee to execute the office of auditory &c.

z Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 1. [1806.

the treasury; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, Auditor of the and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing exchequer of this act, whenever his Majesty shall think fit to appoint any ed^lord^f Person enjoying the office of auditor of the receipt of the exchequer and writer of the tallies thereof, to hold, enjoy, and execute the office of lord high treasurer, or one of the commissioners of the treasury, such auditorso appointed to hold, enjoy, and execute the office of lord high treasurer or one of the commissioners of the treasury, shall be empowered and he is hereby authorised and directed, as soon as may be after the acceptance of the said last mentioned office, to nominate and constitute, by deed or instrument under his hand and seal, some fit and sufficient person to hold and execute in trust for him the said auditor the said office of auditor of the receipt of the exchequer and of writer of the tallies thereof, and for him, and in his name, and for his benefit, to receive such emoluments and salary thereto appertaining as might lawfully be received by the said auditor; and the said trustee is hereby authorised and directed to execute and perform all manner of things that to the said office of auditor of the receipt and writer of the tallies do or ought to appertain, in as full a manner as he the said auditor might or ought to do, and subject to the same controul, direction, and responsibility, according to the law, usage, course, or constitution of the exchequer, as the said auditor $ and all and every act or proceeding of the said trustee in the execution of the said office, subject to such controul, direction, and responsibility as aforesaid, shall be as good, valid, and legal, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if they had been the acts and proceedings of the said auditor.

Trustee being

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said trustee so approved of appointed as aforesaid shall, before he enters upon the execution ccllo/of the t^ie sa^ trust, be presented together with the said appointment exchequer or instrument to the chancellor of the exchequer for the' time shall take the being for his approbation, and upon being approved of by the oath8 herein- sa|d chancellor of the exchequer shall take the oaths of allegiance 00*and supremacy, and also an oath well and truly to execute the said trust, according to the true intent and meaning of this act| and according to the laws, usage, course, and constitution of the exchequer; which oaths aforesaid the said chancellor of the exchequer in such case is hereby empowered and directed to administer to him; provided always, that the said deed of trust shal be and continue in force for so long as the said auditor shal continue to hold and enjoy the office of lord high treasurer or om

of the of of the treasury, and no longer, and that upon the death, resignation, or other legal avoidance of sue! trustee, it shall and may be lawful for the said auditor to appoin another trustee for the same purpose, in like manner and with the same powers and authorities, and subject to the same obligations and duties* as is and are herein-before specified, giver and directed.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 2  7. 3

[Acceptance of

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the acceptance of the said office of trustee shall not Vacate the seat of r 1^trustee not to

ay member returned to serve m parliament. vacate the seat

of any member.

CAP. II.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon oak, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and six.

[Feb. 12, 1806.]

CAP. III.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, flfico, and personal estates, in England; and certain duties on sugar, salt, tobacco, and snuff, in Great Britain, fo/ the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and six.

[Feb. 12, 1806.]

CAP. IV.

An act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to Lady VIs-codotee Nelson, in consideration of the eminent services performed by the late vice-admiral Lord Viscount Nelson to his Majesty and the pul) BeL

[Feb. 28, 1806.]

Hilfo^sty may grant to Lady Viscountess Nelson for. life an annuity of to commence October ai, 1805, and be paid quarterly. Annuity ihaf hepaid at the Exchequer without fees, and shall not be subject to aftax.

CAP. V.

An act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to tear-admiral Sr Richard Strachan, baronet, in consideration of the eminent services sbich he has rendered to his Majesty and the publick.

[Feb. 28, 1806.]

His Majesty may-grant to Sir Richard Strachan for life an annuity of tfiooL to commence from November 4, 1805. The Annuity shall be paid at the Exchequer, without fees, and shall not be subject to any tax.

CAP. VI.

An act for raising the sum of five millions by loans or exchequer-bills, for the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and six.

[Feb. 28, 1806.]

Commissioners of the Treasury may raise 5, 000, 000l. by loans and exchequer-bills in like manner as is prescribed by the malt Act of this session, c. u concerning loans, &c. Exchequer bills to be signed by the auditor of the exchequer or his deputy. Exchequer bills not to be issued in any other than the manner prescribed by 46 Geo. 3. C. 2 and 3. Exchequer-bib to bear an interest not exceeding threepence halfpenny per centum per diem. Exchequer bills not to be received at the Exchequer until in came of payment. Powers, 8cc. of 46 Geo 3. c. 2. relating to exche-qao bills extended to this act. Bank of England authorised to advance Sfxojoocl. on the credit of this act.

CAP. VII.

An act to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments and for extending the times limited for those purposes respectively, until the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and six, and toj>ermit nek persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to

term

sake and file the1 same on or before: the first day of Michaelmas tec thousandifbt hundred and six.

[March aa> 1806.]

4

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 8. 9. [1806.

CAP. VIII.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's royal marine force# while on shore.

[March 22, 1806.]

CAP. IX.

An act for allowing, until the signature of preliminary articles of peace, vessels employed in the Greenland whale fishery to complete their full number of men at certain ports.

[March 22, 1806.]

WHEREAS it may be difficulty in the present circumstances, for the masters or owners of ships employedin the fishery carried on in the Greenland Seas, and Davis's Streights, by virtue of certain acts for granting bounties for the encouragement of the Greenland whale fisheries, and for making regulations respecting the same, to be provided with' their full complement of men at the ports from which such ships are fitted and cleared out for the said fishery; for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present   parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That,

whale fishery lt anc* maY for an7 ship or vessel which is

allowed to not provided with the full complement of men pursuant to proceed to the the directions of the said acts, at the port from which such Ports, herein- ship or vessel shall be fitted and cleared out, to proceed from

SS^ence to anVf th! Port? or in

complement &yan> or to Lerwick in the Isle of Shetland, or Kirkwall in the Orkneys, and complete the number of men there, provided the number wanted doth not exceed three common men for every fifty tons burthen of such ship or vessel, but not otherwise, and upon, the return of such ship or vessel from the said fishery, such men may be landed and set on shore at any of the ports in the Forth of Clyde, or in Lough Ryany or at Ltrwicky s or Kirkwall aforesaid; and upon the master or owners of such ship or vessel producing to the proper officer of the customs at the port of his arrival in Great Britaint pr^udng the a certificate under the hand of the collector and comptroller

certificates of the customs at any of the ports aforesaid, as the case may

be, (which certificate they are hereby enjoined and required to give to the master of such ship or vessel,) certifying the number and the names of the men so taken on board such ship or vessel at any of the said ports, and the number and names of the men that were landed and set on shore there respectively, upon the return of such ship or vessel from the

fishery; and upon the master and mate of such sfiip or vessel

making oath before the collector and comptroller at the port of their arrival in Great Britain, that the men so taken on board as aforesaid, proceeded from thence on t!he said fishery, and continued on board during the time such ship or vessel was employed in that business, the master ot owner# of such

Vessels em-

of men.

Such vessels entitled to

herein-mentioned, &c.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 10. 5

ship or vessel shall be entitled to the bounty granted by the said acts, in the same manner as they would have been entitled thereto in case the full complement of men had been taken on board at the port from whence such ship or vessel wfcs fitted and cleared out, and had returned on board such ship or vessel to such port in Great Britain, provided all the other regulations and restrictions required and directed by the said acts hare been duly complied with and performed; any tiling in the said acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

[Continuance of the act.]

II. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in force until the signature of preliminary articles of peace.

CAP. X.

An act for further continuing until the twenty-fifth day of March me thousand eight hundred and seven, an act passed in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for discontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu there#.

[March 22, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act passed in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for discontinuing 45 G. 3. c. xi. certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof, until the fifteenth day of January One thousand eight hundred and four: and whereas an act, failed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for 45 G-3*c4* further continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, an act passed in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for discontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof: and whereas another act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to amend two acts passed in 45 0.3- c. 93* the forty-third and forty-fifth years of his present Majesty, for- regulating the drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient that the drawbacks and bounties allowed by the said last recited act should be further continued; be it therefore enacted by the Eng's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the several drawbacks and bounties in Drawbacks the schedule to the said last recited act annexed, shall be ann^ed^o6* paid and allowed in like manner in every respect, and subject theschedulein to and under and according to the like rules, regulations., the last recited restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, (except where anyct to he paid alteration is made by this act,) as any drawbacks or bounties ^eby* where were paid or allowed- before the passing of the said last altered.) recited act or this act.

II. And be it further enacted, fifth day

When the

y* average price# of brown or

6 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. ip.

[1806.

Muscovado of May, or on the fifth day of September one thousand eight not^ave hundred and six, or on the fifth day of January one thousand exceeded 70J. hundred and seven respectively, or any or either of

per cwt. ex- the said days, it shall appear by notice in the London Gazette, elusive of in manner directed by an act made in the thirty-second year peShietnofhe. reign  his present Majesty, intituled An act for mentioned, regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty the drawback on the exportation of sugar, and for permitting the importation

*n the s; dd of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in

correspond- fire*&n ships, that the average prices of brown or Muscovado ing to the sugar, taken in manner directed by the said last recited act

notice in the for the preceding quarter of the year, shall not have exceeded Gazette, shall seventy shillings for an hundred weight, exclusive of the oe paid, &c. duties of CU8t0ms paid or payable thereon, on the importation into Great Britain; then and iti every such case the drawback or bounty in the schedule to the last of the said recited acts passed in the forty-fifth year of his present Majesty annexed, mentioned as corresponding to or with the price of which such notice in the London Gazette shall have been given as

aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed until notice of any other

average shall be given in the London Gazette, on the Saturday immediately preceding any other of such subsequent days; and such drawback or bounty shall be paid or allowed in like manner, in every respect, and subject and under and according to the like rules and regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as any drawbacks and bounties were paid or allowed before the passing of the said first recited act, (except as any such rules or regulations are altered by the said act,) and trie whole of the duty granted by an act passed in the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 41 G. j. c. 8, act for granting to his Majesty certain duties of customs on timber,

sugar, raisins, and pepper, imported intQy and on lead exported fromy Great Britain, upon sugar imported into Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, and warehoused according to law, and sola at the sales of the said company after the thirtieth day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, shall, upon the delivery thereof out of the warehouse for exportation, during the time of any drawbacks or bounties being paid or allowed under this act, in respect of British plantation sugar, be wholly drawn back under such rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as any former drawbacks are paid and allowed; any thing in an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Act 43 G. 3.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said recited act c. 11. further of the forty-third year of his present Majesty, and al] the continued. powers, provisions, authorities, regulations, clauses, matters, and things in the said act Contained, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued, and shall be and re; main in full force until the fifteenth day of March one thousand eight hundred and seven, for the port of London, and until the

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 11.'7

twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and seren, for other parts of Great Britain \ and that this act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any act or acts to be passed in this present session of parliament.

CAP. XI.

An act for allowing the exportation of corn and other articles for it ute f his Majestfs forces and garrisons.

[March 22, 1806.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the forty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to explain and 45 G 3. c. 86. snad an act made in the last session of parliament, to regsbte the importation and exportation of coru, and the bounds* and duties payable thereon, it is amongst other things aucted, that no com, grain, malty or fioury shally after the (wmmcement of that act, be allowed to be exported from any f&rict tf Great Britain, or be loaded on board any shipy vessefy or kaft hr order to be exported, when the prices of such com or g nspectively in such district, ascertained in manner therein antmt, shall have been in the preceding week at or above the hfut rates i be it enacted by the King's most excellent aajoty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spsitual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Recited act nothing in the said act contained shall oe construed to prevent not to prevent 4e carrying coastwise or carnring out or exporting the several ^Irtwis^or sorts of com and other articles aforesaid, for victualling or exporting0 prodding any of his Majesty's forces, forts, or garrisons, or com, See. for far any of the purposes mentioned in an act passed in the the use of hi*

datv-nrst year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An Majesty'*

I L r .^J*3 r j forces, &c. or

xt fir regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and for the pur_

the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty posesuien-m British corn exported; or in an act passed in the thirty-third tioned in 31 year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to amend G 3>d a act made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present akhoughpro- Majesty, intituled, (An act for regulating the importation and hibited from ' heportation of corn, and the payment tf the duty on foreign corn being ex-{imported, and of the bounty on British corn exported, ' in the like of the

manner, and in the same proportions and quantities, and from prjce and to the same ports and places as is by the said two last-aentioned acts allowed, at such times as any of the several sorts of com or other articles therein mentioned are prohibited to be exported by reason of the price of any such sort of corn bebg at or above the price at or above which the exportation of such com or other articles is prohibited, subject to the like securities, conditions, regulations, and restrictions, forfeitures and penalties, as are by the said two last mentioned acts, or by any other act now in force, in such case required and imposed, as if the said first-mentioned act had never been made.

8' Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. i*I4* [1806.

CAP. XII.

An act to continue several acts for granting certain rates and duties, and allowing certain drawbacks and bounties, on goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland; and for granting a duty upon malt and spirits made and distilled in Ireland, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six; and for granting certain inland duties of excise and taxes in Ireland, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and seven.

[March 22, 1806.]

Acts 45 Geo. 3. c. 18. 22. and 107. continued until September 29, 1806.

- Act5 Geo 3*. c. 19. continued dntil March 35, 1S07. v.

CAP. XIII.

An act for settling and securing certain annuities on Cuthbert Lord Col-lingwood* and the several other persons therein described, in consideration of the signal and important service performed by the said Cuthbert Lord Collingwood to his Majesty and the publick.

[March 22, 1806.]

An annuity of two thousand pounds settled on Lord Collingwood and his two next succeeding heirs male, respectively, to, be p^id quarterly, Annuity to be paid without fees. Warrant for payment of annuity not to be revoked. Acquittance of Lord Collingwood to be a sufficient discharge for payment. Annuity to be free from taxes. Annuity hot to be aliened to prevent its descending. In case Lord Collingwood die without leaving issue male, a life annuity of 1,000l. to be paid to Lady CoUhig-wood, and another life annuity of x, oooo to his daughters.

CAP. XIV.

An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and seven, and to amend several acts for regulating the drawbacks qtid bounties 'on the 'exportation of sugar from'Ireland.

[March 22, 1B06.]

WHEREAS an act w0as made in the forty-first year of the

41 G. 3. c. 74. XV reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating, until the twentieth day of May one thousand eight hundred and two* the allowance of drawback on the exportation from Ireland of British plantation sugar, and for allowing certain drawbacks on sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British plantation Sugar to be. warehoused in Ireland

42 G. 3. C. 60. and whereas an act was made in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, to continue and amend the said recitedjsct.of the forty-first year aforesaid: and whereas an act was made in the

43 G. 3. C. 17. forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for discontinuing certain drawbacks and, bounties on the exportation of sugar, from Ireland, and for avowing, until the fifteenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, other drawbacks and bounties instead thereof i, and whereas the

44 G 3. c.io. said recited acts were continued by an act ?na(Ie in the forty-fourth

and 45 G. 3. ^ar 0J the reign of fa present Majesty, an& were also continued

23*and amended by an act of tty last session of parliament; and it is

expedient that the said recited acts should be ctntintqd and amended

in

1806.] Anno ttgm quadragesimo sexto Geo. til. c. 14. 9

h manner heron mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the nine, That the said recited act of the forty-first year of his present Majesty, so far as the same is nek altered by the said aSeredlon* recked acts of the forty-second and forty-third years, or by the tinued till said recked act of last session, or by this act, and also the said March a^, recited act of the forty-second year, so far as the same is not 1807* altered by the said recited act of the forty-third year, or by the said act of last session, or by this act, and also the said act of tie forty-third year, so far as the same te not altered by the said recited act of last session, or by this act, and also the Siid recited act of last session so far as the same is not altered by das act, shall be, and the same are hereby continued until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight bundled and sera.

II. And whereas it is expedient, that the schedule annexed to the wd rented act of the forty-third year should he repealed and another schedule enacted in lieu thereof; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, the schedule to the said ^ited act of reefed art of the forty-third year annexed, shall be, and the 43 G. 3. c. 17. same is hereby repealed, and that instead and in lieu thereof, the draw-tie schedule to this act annexed shall be deemed part of the *8 a^d said herein-before recited acts, and be construed therewith, SpCCified in and the drawbacks and bounties in the schedule to this act the one indexed, together with the additional drawbacks and bounties annexed to mentioned in the said recited act of the last session of paTlia-rent, shall, from and after the passing of this act, be paid the Padditional 2nd allowed under the provisions of the said herein-before drawbacks recited acts, in like manner in every' respect as if the said and bounties schedule had been annexed to the said recited act of the forty- "phoned in lhi: d year aforesaid. - 45 3, Laj*

III. And be it further enacted, That if, in the first publlca- When the ioa of the Dublin Gazette, pursuant to the said recited acts of p'r Jes of ie forty-first and forty-th^rd years after the arrival in Dublin brown or if the London Ga % ettey containing the average price of brown Muscovado n Muscovado sugar for the quarter of a year, preceding the f.uP^ ifth day of May, or the fifth day of Scjrtcmber one thousand Gazette shall rrht hundred and six, or the fifth day of Jastuary one thousand not have ex-hundred and seven respectively, or any or either of the ceeded 70j. said days, ascertained and taken in manner prescribed by law Per F"'1* P*

\n Great Britain, it shall appear that the average price of such the

ugir, so ascertained and taken for the preceding quarter of drawback Le year, shall not have exceeded seventy shillings sterling for mentioned <19 in hundred weight, exclusive of the duties paid or payable on correspond-he importation thereof, then, and in every such case, the ?ceofwhich kawback or bounty in the schedule to this act annexed, men- notice shall: oned as corresponding to or with the price of which such have been rotice in the Dublin Gazette shall have been given as aforesaid, given in the together with such additional drawback or bounty as is

be paid<'

xo Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 14. [1806.

mentioned in the said recited act of the last session of parliament*1 shall be paid or allowed on exportation (except to Great Britain)^ lentil notice published in the London Gazette of the average pric$j for the quarter of a year preceding any other of such subsequent! days shall be given in the Dublin Gazette; and such drawback] or bounty shall be paid or allowed in like manner in every respect, and subject and under and according to the like rules, regulation! restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as any drawbacks bounties were paid or allowed before the passing of this act. Act may be

IV. And be it further enacted, That this act, and the acts oealed this^' hereby continued, or any of them, may be altered, amended, <1 session. repealed, by any act or acts to be made in the present session! parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

TABLE of DRAWBACKS and BOUNTIES to be allowed and paid under the Provisions of this Act.

Drawback to be al*

prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, lowed on Sugar of the British Plantation# in the tame Bounty on Refined Sugar called Baa- Bounty on other re-fined Sugar io Loaf

at which Drawbacks and Bounties 8iate in which it tards, or Refined complete, and whole

are payable. wai imported, and Bounty on Refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces. or Lump duly refined.

Sugar, betn* around or powdered Sugar.

If the average price of Brown 1

or Muscovado Sugar, published in the London Ga- Sterling the Cwt. Sterling the Cwt. Sterling the Cwt.

zette, shall not exceed 40l. sterling the cwt. 22l. 25l. 40l.

If it shall exceed 40l. and not exceed 45l. If it shall exceed 45l. and not 21 25 38

exceed 50l. - 20 25 36

If it shall exceed 50l. and not exceed 58l. - If it shall exceed 58l. and not 20 20.34

exceed 60l. - - 18 18 31

If it shall exceed 60l. and not exceed 62l. If it shall exceed 62l. and not 16 16 27

exceed 64l. - 14 14 24

If it shall exceed 64l. and not exceed 66l. If it shall exceed 66l. and npt 12 12 20

exceed 68l. If it shall exceed 68l. and not 10 10 17

exceed 70l. - 8 8 13

If it shall exceed 70l. Nothing Nothing Nothing

All the above prices are to be taken exclusive of the duties of customs paid or payable on the importation of sugar.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 15, 16.

11

CAP. XV.

is act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better pay-, inert of the army and their quarters, within the United Kingdom, sad the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man. 

[March as, 1806.]

Nsnfaer of forces 134, 473 Continuance of this act within Great Bri-taafaxn March 14, to May 25, 1806, and within Ireland from March 31, to/ 1, 1806, and in Jersey, See. from April 30, to July 1, 1806.

CAP. XVI.

An act to continue until the first day of June one thousand eight haired and seven, and amend an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty, for carrying into execution the treaty 4jib^, commerce, and navigation, between his Majesty, and the United States of America.

[March 22, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his $1 Geo. 3.

present Majesttfs reign, intituled An act for carrying into c*97* exeamon the treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation, concluded between his Majesty and the United States of America,

r ts continue in force so long as the said treaty should continue in fine, and no longer; which treaty, or so much of it as relates to the mdters contained in the said act, has now ceased and determined: and uhnas it is expedient that the liberty of navigation and commereef,

tciween the people of this kingdom and the people of the United States /America, should continue for a limited time, in the same manner ad under the same limitations and conditions as are specified in the seidact: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual ad temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act, Recited act 2nd every thing therein contained, shall, notwithstanding the continued till aid treaty has ceased and determined, be deemed and taken to Junc*1 07 ' be and to have been in full force and effect, and shall so continue in force until the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and seven.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon the 9nF*Prta-

importation into Great Britain, from the said United States of G^eat^Britain

America, of an j articles enumerated in Table B. of an act passed from America

in the forty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, of any arti-

h act to repeal the duties of customs payable in Great Britain, and cles enume-

t grant other duties in lieu thereof, every such article shall be liable^ inQ^We

to the respective duties imposed by the said act, or by any act c. 68.4suchar-

OTacts passed subsequent thereto, except wheat, wheat-meal, or tides to be

flour, rye, barley, beer or bigg, oats, oatmeal, pease, beans, liable to the

Indian corn and maize, the duties to be paid upon which respectively shall be ascertained and regulated according to the ^at or any

prices of wheat, rye, barley, beer or bigg, pease, beans, oats, and subsequent

oatmeal, in the manner set forth and specified in the table marked act, except

B. in an act passed in the forty-fourth year of his present ^{jfch'shall

Majesty's reign, intituled An act to regulate the importation and regulated

exportation of corn, and the bounties and duties payab&&&rcon, or by table B. in - 44 n.i.c ioo.

tt Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 17-^19. [f$o6.

according to any other act or acts that shall hereafter be made, for altering or amending the said act passed in the forty-fourth year of his present Majesty's reign 5 any thing in 'the said act passed ifi the thirty-seventh year oi' his present Majesty's reign to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XVII.

An act to permit\ until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and nine, the exportation to the United Kingdom, of wool from the British plantations in America.-  [March 22, 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the exportation of wool, being the product (f any of the British plantations in America,

from any of the said plantations in America to the United Kingdom, xo&uGul. t s^l0U^ be excepted from the prohibition of an act passed in the tenth c. j0t and eleventh year of the reign of his majesty King William tk

Third, intituled An act to prevent the exportation of wool out of the kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign parts, and for the encouragement of the woollen manufactures in the kingdom of England; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Wool may be (parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, exported from from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be ffihplMta.1^1, 10 exP.rt fr?m any Place or parts within any of the tionsin British plantations in America to the United Kingdom, anj America into wool being of the product of any of the said British plantations; this kingdom, any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding. Accounts of

II. And be it enacted, That the of jof the customs in England and Scotland respectively, and the corn-

wool im-

missioners of the.revenue in Ireland, shall and

herebj

yearly.

madenptothe ui uie.revenue m ereumu^ u aum are

5th January required to direct accounts to be made up on the fifth day of January in every year of all wool imported in pursuance of this act, distinguishing the quantities and the ports from whence any such wool shall have been so imported.

III. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue in force Until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and nine, and no longer.

Continuance of act.

CAP. XVIII.

An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and seven, the operation of an act passed in the Iasi session of parliament, to suspend proceedings in actions, prosecutions, and proceedings, under certain acts relating to the woollen manufacture, and aho under an act of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the sanu relates to certain persons employed or concerned in the said manufacture.

[March 22, 1806.]

CAP. XIX.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and six.

[March 22, 1806.]

ifcotf.J Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 20  23. 13

CAP. XX.

An act to coetinut, until tile twenty-fifth day of March one thousand right hundred and seven, and amend so much of an act, made in the tiurtv-rinth and fortieth years of his present Majesty, as grants cer.i tain allowances to adjutants and serjeant-majors of the militia of England, disembodied under an act of the same session of parliament.

[March 22, 1806.]

CAP. XXI.

An act forsaking allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the snSfeii Great Britain, while disembodied.

[March 22, 1806.]

CAP. XXII.

As id for defraying, until the twenty.fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and seven, the charge of the pay and cloathing of the oil of Wand; for holding courts-martial on seljeant-majors, ser-, jeaets, awporals, and drummers, for offences committed during the tine inch militia shall not be embodied; and for making allowances in catao cases to subaltern officers of the said militia during peace.

[March 22, 1806.]

CAP. XXIII.

A act to extend the provisions of an act passed in the forty fourth pe if the reign of his present Majesty, for enabling subjects of fodpi slates to enlist as soldiers in his Majesty's service; and bademijy those who have advised his Majesty to land such Men in this kingdom.

[March 22, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act passed in the forty fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for enabling subjects 44 G. 3 c. 7^ of foreign states to enlist as soldiers in his Majesty's service; act for enabling his Majesty to grant commissions to subjects of foreign states to serve as officers or as engineers, under cer-!m restrictions; and to indemnify all persons who may have ufrised his Majesty to enlist any such soldiers or grant any ftdi commissions as aforesaid: and whereas by the said act his Ifyuty was empowered to enlist as soldiers certain foreigners, and them into regiments, battalions, and corps, provided that irr should not be within any part of the United Kingdom more9the whole than ten thousand men serving in such regiments, itulvns, or corps, at any one time: and whereas a large number f fjmpters have been enlisted as soldiers into his Majesty's service isftmgn parts, and it has become necessary and been found expedient 0 lad such foreign soldiers in this kingdom, whereby the whole mher of foreigners now serving in this kingdom amount to more to the number of ten thousand men allowed by the said recited act, it u proper that those who have advised his Majesty to land the^in this kingdom should be indemnified; be it therefore enacted h the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice "

Hid consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

thirpresent parliament assembled, and by the authority of Foreign sbl-'ThataU such foteign soldiers as have been already diers although

V exceeding

deemed legally enlisted.

to 16, 000 men.

14 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 2$.

[1806.

10, 000 to be enlisted into his Majesty's service, over and above the said number of ten thousand men, shall be deemed and taken tc have been and to be legally and effectually enlisted; and all commissions or letters of service as have been already granted by his Majesty to any foreign officers in regiments, battalions, or corps, in which any such men shall have been enlisted, shall be deemed and taken to have been and to be legally and effectually granted, and shall remain and continue in force in like manner in all respects as if such soldiers had been enlisted; and such commissions or letters of service had been granted^ after the passing and under the provisions of this act; and every person who may have advised his Majesty to enlist such soldiers and to grant such commissions or letters of service as aforesaid, and to land such soldiers in this kingdom, and tc have above the number of ten thousand men in the whole oi such foreigners, serving at any one time within the United Kingdom, is hereby fully indemnified.

His Majesty, if. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful the^nunfber^or ^is Majesty, his heirs and successors, from time tc time, to augment such regiments, battalions, or corps, sc already formed as aforesaid, and to form any other regiments, battalions, or corps, and to that end to enlist as soldiers tc serve in any such regiments, battalions, or corps, any foreign^ ers who shall voluntarily enter themselves as soldiers to serve, therein: provided always, that there shall not be within an3

part of the United Kingdom more in the whole than sixteen thousand men of such foreign soldiers serving in such regiments, battalions, or corps at any one time.

Provisions of

III. And be it further enacted, That all provisions and regula-recited act to t; ons in the recited act, so far as the same are applicable,

rn thin., f, ., J.f, rr.*

shall be applied and put m force in respect of the sixteen thousand men so allowed to serve as aforesaid by this act, as full) and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were severally and separately repeated and re-enacted in and mad< part of this act: provided always, that all officers, non-commissioned officers, drummers, or private soldiers, serving undel the provisions of this act, shall be subject to all and every thi provisions and regulations contained in an act passed in th^ last session of parliament, intituled An act for punishing mutim and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their

Suarters; and to all such articles of war as have been, or shall e established by his Majesty in pursuance of the power vested in ^uni for that purpose by the said last mentioned act, or b} any act of parliament which may hereafter be passed, in th* same manner, to all intents and purposes, as any of his Majesty's regular forces are now subject to the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, amended, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in thb present session of parliament.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the act; shall continue in force during the present war, and untl

extend to this act: and such foreign soldiers shall be subject to the mutiny act.

Act may be altered or repealed this session. Continuance of act.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 24  28. 15

one rear after the termination thereof, by the ratification of a Mnitne treaty of peace, and no longer.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for further continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and eight, an act made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for rendering the payment of creditor more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

[March ai, 1806 )

CAP. XXV.

An artfcrraisiDg the sum of ten millions five hundred thousand pounds, bjlasot or exchequer-bills, for the service of Great Britain for the year ttftboosand eight hundred and six.

[March 31, 1806.]

Caffiffliwoneis of the Treasury may raise 10, 500, 000l. by loans and exchequer-bills in like manner as is prescribed by the malt act of this sesame 3. concerning loans, 8cc. The clauses. Sec. in the said act relating to loans or exchequer-bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer-to bear an interest not exceeding threepence-halfpenny per centum per Seat Exchequer bills, so issued, not to be received again in payment rfaj taxes; nor exchanged before April 5, 1807. Action not to lie for tad retail. Exchequer bills to be repaid out of the supplies to be gnsted in this session. Bank of England authorised to advance bseopaoi on the credit of this act.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for raising the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, by loans or exchequer-bills, for the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and six.

[March 31, 1806.]

Commissioners of the Treasury may raise 1,500,000l. by loans and ex-dwjtw-bills in like manner as is prescribed by the malt act of this ses-ioitC. 1. concerning loans, See. The clauses. Sec. in the said act idtag to loans or exchequer-bills, (exception) extended to this act. Iickquer-hills to bear an interest not exceeding threepence-halfpenny per centum per diem. Exchequer bills, so issued, not to be received again mpxyment of any taxes; nor exchanged before April 5, 1807. Action fiot to lie for such refusal. Exchequer bills to be repaid out of the supplest be granted in this session. Bank Of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and eleven, so much of an act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of his late Majesty, as relates to the landing of rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations before payment of the duties of uase-[March 31, 1806.]

So much of act of 15 and 16 Geo. a. 0.15. as relates to the landing diumof the British plantations before payment of excise, further continued until March 15, 1811.

CAP. XXVIII.

As id to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one, thousand debt hundred and thirteen, several laws relating to the transportation offekms and other offenders to temporary places of confinement in faUod and Scotland.

[March 31, 1806.]

So*

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 29. [1806.

So much of acts of 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. and 24 Geo. 3. c. 56. as extent to authorise! the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement and so much of 25 Geo. 3. c. 46. as authorises the removal of offende to temporary places of confinement further continued until March 2 1813.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for reviving and continuing several laws of customs relating to tl

establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland; ar to the prohibiting the exportation from, and permitting the importatic to Great Britain, of corn; and for allowing the importation of othi articles of provision, without payment of duty, until the twenty-fifl day of March one thousand eight hundred and nine; and for continuir several laws relating to the granting a bounty upon certain species 1 British and Irish linens exported from Great Britain, and taking off tl duties on importation into Great Britain of foreign raw linen yan made of flax; to the granting a bounty upon the importation ini Great Britain of hemp, and rough and undressed flax, from Majesty's colonies in America; and to the encouragement of tl Greenland whale-fisheries; and for reviving and continuing sev ral laws relating to the regulating the prices at which com an grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from In land to Great Britain; and to the admission to entry in Gre Britain of oil and blubber of Newfoundland, taken by his Majesty subjects carrying on the fishery from, and residing in the said island and for continuing an act or the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for the more effectual encouragement of the manufactures < flax and cotton in Great Britain; and for reviving and continuing sever laws relating to the permitting the importation into Great Britain < hides and other articles in foreign ships; and to the prohibiting tf exportation from Ireland of corn dr potatoes, or other provisions; an to the permitting the importation into Ireland of com, fish, and prov sions, without payment of duty, until the twenty-fifth day of Marti one thousand eight hundred and eight; and for reviving andcontinuifl an act passed in the parliament of Ireland, in the twenty-fifth year < his present Majesty, for the encouragement of the flaxen and hempc manufactures of Ireland, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoi sand eight hundred and twenty-seven; and for amending and furthe continuing an act made in the seventh year of his present Majesty, ft the free importation into Great Britain of cochineal and indigo, unt the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and nine.-[April a, 1806.]

Act 33 Geo. 3. c. 76. for establishing courts of judicature in Newfount land, and act 39 Geo. 3. c.^7. respecting the exportation and importatic of com further continued until March 15, 1809. Act 29 Geo. 2. c. 1 for granting a bounty on linen, and act Geo. 3. c. 26. for grantin a bounty on hemp and flax, and act 26 Geo. 3. c. 41. for the encourag ment or the Greenland fishery, and so much of act 29 Geo. 3. c. 53.; relates to the Greenland fishery, and act 43 Geo. 3. c. 78. for reeulatir the prices at which grain, Sec. may be exported, and so much of act 4. Geo. 3. c. 68. as relates to the entry of oil or blubber, and act 23 Geo. c. 77. for encouragement of flax and cotton manufactures, and act Geo. 3. c. 29. for permitting the importation of hides, Sec. and so muc of act 41 Geo. 3. c. 36. respecting the exportation from Ireland of coi or potatoes, Sec. further continued until March 25, r8o8. Irish Act a Geo. 3. respecting the flaxen and hempen manufactures. See. continue for twenty-one year9. Act 7 Geo. 2. c. 18. respecting the importation < cochineal and indigo, further continued until March 25, 1809. Cochine and indigo subject to the duties now payable and such as are within th limits'of the East India Company's charter, not to be imported withoi their licence, Sec.

CAI

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 30. 17

CAP. XXX.

An act to authorise his Majesty, until the twenty-fifth day of N

March one thousand eight hundred and seven, to make regulations mpeting the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Goo<

Hope.

[April 21, 1806.]

WHEREAS the castle, town, and settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, ancf the territories and dependencies thereof m aov in the possession of his Majesty and it is expedient, under tk pun* circumstances, that the trade and commerce to and from it Urn should be regulated for a certain time in such manner as id {too proper to his Majesty, by and with the advice of lus ping cmal, notwithstanding the special provisions of any act or acts af parliament that may be construed to affect the same; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and QDQunons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing ^18 of 4b act, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, t>y and; n council, wi&tfe advice of his privy council, by any order or orders to make regu-hemed from time to time, to give such directions, and make fotions re-soch regulations, touching the trade and commerce to an<^ trad^and C frwn the said settlement, and the territories and dependencies commerce to thereof, as to' his Majesty in council shall appear most ex- and from the peditnt and salutary, any thing contained in an act passed in Cape of Good tte twelfth year of the reign of his majesty King Charles the HoPe#

Second; intituled An act for the encouraging and increasing ofa* living and navigation; or in an act passed in the seventh and fifth years of the reign of his majesty King Willidm the j & $ w. j. Tfed, intituled An act for preventing frauds and regulating c.aa. data in the plantation trade; or any other act or acts of parliament now in force, relating to his Majesty's colonies and plantations, or any other act or acts of parliament, law, usage, or custom, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any goods, wares, or merchandize whatever, shall be imported into or exported from ported con- any pbee or places, part of the said settlement or its territories trary to order or dependencies, or shall be exported from any part of his in council

Majesty's dominions to any of the said places \ or if anTf^te*L

wares, or merchandize, shall be so imported or exported^ a any manner whatever, contrary to any such order or orders ofib Majesty in council; the sarte shall be forfeited, together; with the ship or vessel in which such goods, Wares, or merchandize, shaft respectively be imported or exported, with allher guns, ammunition, furniture, tackle, and apparel 5 aijd every such forfeiture shall and may be sued for, prosecuted*'-and recovered, by such and the like ways, means, and' methods, as any forfeiture incurred by any law respecting the revenue of customs may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, hi places 'where respectively the offences shall be V0I- XLVI. C byGdiWlFtted

(3 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 31  33. [1806.

committedi and the produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, mid applied, in like manner in the said places respectively, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in anywise not-^toaffw^he ^withstanding.provided always, that nothing herein-contained privileges of ^ll 'n any manner be construed to infringe the rights, privileges, the East India and advantages, belonging to the united company of merchants of Company. England trading to the East Indies.

Continuance

III. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in of act* force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand pight hundred and seven.

CAP. XXXL

An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and seven, an act made in the forty-fourth year of his present Majesty, for empowering his Majesty to accept the services of such parts of his militia forces in Ireland as might voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain.

[April ai, 1806.]

CAP. XXXII.

An act to enible the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury of Ireland to issue treasury-bills on the credit of such aids or supplies as have been or phajl be granted by parliament for the service of Ireland for the year one thousand eight hundred and six; and for making forth du* plicates of treasury-bills lost or destroyed.

[April 21, 1806].

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for raising the sum of twenty millions by way of annuities [April 21, 1806.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved that the sum of twenty millions be raised by annuities, in manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent ma-. jesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assem-7 bled, and by the authority of the same, That every contributor2 tobe towards raising the said sum of twenty millions shall, for every one entitled to a hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal principal of sum of one hundred pounds, in consolidated annuities, after the 100l. in the rate of three pounds per centum per annum9 to commence from consol^ and ^ay J*nua[y one thousand eight hundred and six \

66l. in the and also to a further principal sum of sixty-six pounds in reduced 3 percent, annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, tc reduced. commence from the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and six.

II. And whereas, pursuant to and upon the terms and condition expressed in tie said resolution^ several persons have> in books openec

Oi

*9

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 33.

& hnl f England for that purpose, subscribed together the whole of tk said rum of twenty millions, to be raised by annuities; and aode deposits of ten pounds per certtum on the respective sums by them so subscribed to the said sum of twenty millions to be raised by umatits, with the cashiers of the governor and company of the bank

Stand; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be Contributor!

to and for such contributors, who have made such deposits with the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the^to paytb0 hank of England, (which cashier or cashiers is and are hereby remainder of appointed the receiver and receivers of such contributions, with- subscriptions oarany other warrant to be had in that behalf), to advance and pay natothesaid cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the tali of England, the several Remainders of the sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said sum of twenty millions, at or before the respective days and times, and in the proportions herein after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to say), the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty-third day of May one thousand eight hundred and six; the hither sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before tfye twentieth day of June then next following; the further sum of ta/winds per centum, on or before the eighteenth day of July tieaneit following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-second day of August then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or before tKe nineteenth day of September then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the seventeenth day of O.tder then next following; the further sum of ten pounds person or before the twenty-first day of November then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or beta the nineteenth day of December then next following; and the renaming sum of five pounds per centum, on or before the six-

&nth day of January one thousand eight hundred and seven.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful (SuanlTaiff for any guardian or trustee, having the disposition of the money of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards advancing the aid sum of twenty millions, to be raised by annuities in manner aforesaid; and such infant, upon the payment of such sum or sums subscribed by such guardian or trustee, shall become a contributor within the meaning of this act, and be entitled to have md receive the annuities, advantages, and payments, in respect thereof, in such and the like maimer as any other contributor \ and the said guardian and trustee, as to the said sum or sums so advanced, is hereby discharged, so as the name of such infant be expressed in the receipt or receipts for such money.

IV. And be it fmtlier enacted, That every contributor pay- Discount to tag in the whole of the sums by them respectively subscribed in respect of the said sum of twenty millions to be contributed as whole aforesaid, at any time on or before the eighteenth day of December subscription one thousand eight hundred and six, shall be entitled to an allow- by Dec. 18, wee of so much money as the interest of each sum so paid in l8o* advance for completing his, her, or their contribution respectively

C?

9 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 33. [1806.

shall amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from the day of completing the same, to the sixteenth day of January one thousand eight hundred and seven; which allowance is to be paid by the said cashier or cashiers out of the money to be contributed in pursuance of this act, as soon as such respective contributors, their executors, administrators* successors, and assigns, shall have completed such payment.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several subscribers or contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, in respect of the said sum of twenty milljpns, shall be entitled for every one hundred pounds by him, her, or them respectively advanced and paid to an annuity after the rate of three founds per centum in respect of the prfticipal sum of one hundred are corn!*011* Punds, to commence from the fifth day of January one thouaaXsd

Contributors entitled to certain annuities payable haftT yearly, but not till their

pleted.

eight hundred and six, until redemption by parliament in manner herein after mentioned; and shall also be entitled to a.further annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, in respect) of the additional principal sum of sixty-six pounds from the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, until redemption by parliament in manner herein after mentioned; which said respective annuities shall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is.to say), the said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum^ on the fifth day of July and the fifth dky of January in every year; and the sold reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum^ xm the tenth dky of October and the fifth day of April in every yeap; the first payment upon the said consolidated annuities, after die rate: of three pounds per centum; to Be due on the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundtfed'and'siir, and on the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum^ on the tenth day-of October one thousand eight hundred and six, but shall not be able until the respective subscribers or contributors, their exr< ecutors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall have coxx>- pleted the wholfc of the sums by them subscribed for the purchase*, of the said annuities.

As soon as

VI. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any con-. areo>m^etl ^butors, t^ie^r executors; administrators, successors, or assigns, they may be shall have completed their payments of such part of the whole; -tnuufcred. sum payable by them respectively towards the said sum of twenty millions as shall be payable in respect of the consolidated au-j nuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to which they, respectively shall become entitled, in respect of such subscri|Jf| tions, the principal sum or sums in the said consolidated annuitieq shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed the credit of such respective contributors, their executors, ad^ tninistrators, successors; or assigns, completing such, payments respectively; and as soon as such contributors their executory! administrators, successors, or assigns, shall have completed die payments of such part of the whole sum payable by them respectively towards the said sum of: twenty millions as shall be payable in respect of the said reduced annuities, after the rate; of thretj

pV

21

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 33.

|Mds per centum* or any part thereof, or of either of them! the nyuitt principal sums or annuities shall forthwith be, in the bob of the bank of England* placed to the credit of such re-tparirc contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, lodassigns, completing such payments; and the persons to whose credit such principal sums shall be so placed, their respective ttecutors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall and may hie power to assign and transfer the same, or any part, share, or mportkm thereof, to any otheT person or persons, body or bodies mid or corporate whatsoever, in the books of the bank of fish/; and the said governor and company of the bank of iqmim hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after thpusing of this act, to prepare proper books for the purpose of Wtebg the names of all such contributors, and of placing to their tafit the principal sums so paid by them respectively; and that ash of the said contributors, their executors, administrators, mtmon, or assigns, who shall complete the payments of such pMMfthe whole sum payable by them respectively, towards the aaiwaof twenty millions as shall be payable in respect of any tfd&tr of the said respective annuities, at any time before the pfetaor and company of the bank of England shall have pre-

Cti their receipts according to the directions of this act, shall added to have the sums so paid forthwith placed to their o^tia the books of the bank of England; and the said governor dcompany are hereby required to cause such sums to be forth-mh placed to the credit of the persons entitled to the annuities inspect thereof, in the books of the said bank of England; and nek entries in the said books shall be in lieu of the receipts lanky directed to be given for all sums paid in manner aforesaid$ attach sums shall ^arry the respective consolidated annuities ms the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the said teheed annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per mm, respectively, redeemable by parliament; and shall respectively be taken and deemed to be stock transferable according to the true intent and meaning of this act, until redemption thereof, in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

VE Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and C my such contributor or contributors, his, her, or their exe- (J^oufof their cam* administrators, successors, and assigns, who shall have subscriptions 1

el into the hands of the said oashier or cashiers the whole of by the times her, or their contribution money, on or before the second day sPeci* djafy one thousand eight hundred and six, shall be entitled to ^tie*d 0 ane, n* hzve and receive oft the fifth day of Julu one thousand eight nuities at cer* hatred and six, at the bank of England, the half-year's annuity tain periods, after the rate of three pounds per centum* that shall become due rathe fifth day of Jtdy one thousand eight hundred and six, and tlntdl and every such contributor or contributors who shall have paidifito the hands of the said cashier or cashiers the whole of his, her, or their contribution money on ot before the seventh day of Odder one thousand eight hundred and six, shall be entitled to bn? and receive on the tenth day of October one thousand

kuty granted Y 43 Geo. 3. c. xaa. and Geo. 3. c. x5. not to

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 33. [1806.

eight hundred and six, at the bank of England, the half-year's annuity, that shall become due on the tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and six, and that all and every such contributor or contributors, who shall have paid into the hands of the said cashier or cashiers, the whole of his, her, or their contribution money, on or before the second day of January one thousand eight hundred and seven, shall be entitled to have and receive, on the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and seven, at the bank of Englandfthe whole year's annuity that shall become due on the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and seven; and that ail and every person or persons wno shall not have completed the whole of their said payments on or before the said second day of July one thousand eight hundred and six, or the said seventh day of October one thousand eight hundred and 6ix, or the said second day of January one thousand eight hundred and seven, shall, on completing the same within the time in this act prescribed, be entitled to receive the year's annuity from the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and six, and the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and six respectively^ as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the duty

Santed by an act of the forty-third year of the reigp of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty, until the Sixth day of May next after the ratification of a definitive treaty of be charged on peace> a contribution on the profits arising from property yprofessions> d^vidend^ear 8 trac^s> an^ 2ffices> and by an act made in the last session of par* herein sped- lament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties in Great Britain, on the amount of assessments to be charged on the profits arising from property, prosessions, trades, and offices, shall not he charged upon the half-year's dividend payable* on the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and six, of so much of the three pounds per centum consolidated annuities, created by this act, as shall not have been written into the books of the bank of England on or before such day as shall be appointed by the governor and company of the bank of England for closing the accounts of the said three pounds per centum consolidated annuities, previous to the payment of the half-yearly dividend there-i upon that will become aue on the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and six, nor upon the half-year's dividend arising on the tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and six, of so much of the three pounds per centum reduced annuities granted by this act, as shall not have been written into the books of the bank of England on or before such day as shall be appointed by the governor and company of the bank of England for closing the accounts of the said three pounds per centum reduced annuities previous to the payment of the half-yearly dividend thereupon, that will become due on the tenth day of Odder onue thousand eight hundred and six.

Annuities

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the annuities aforesaid shall be payable and paid, and be transferable, at the bank of

IkBank. by

England I

6ed, &c.

13

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 33.

E*fU*d; and shall be subject to such1 'redemption as is herein after mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much money shall, from Money to be tin?etotime, be set apart and issued at the receipt of the exchequer issued out of out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain, to the jatedTund'of aid cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank Great Britain dtEsgltttid) as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay the respective for payment annuities to be created in respect of the said $um of twenty of annuities milfions together with the charges attending the same. an<* char8c#

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the said annuities, and shall be interea, and dividends, which shall become payable in respect of cf*arged upon the said sum of twenty millions, shall be charged and chargeable thC8ai m*Dpooaofiare hereby charged upon and made payable out of, the consolidated fund of Great Britain.

XII. And be it farther enacted, That the of of his The Treasury Majesty's treasury in Ireland or any three or more of them for the time being, shall from time to time, without any further warrant the consoli-tobesned for, had, or obtained in this behalf, cause to be issued at dated fund tkieceift of his Majesty's exchequer out of the consolidated fund ^d pay into of btladyind paid info the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in [n Eqkdy so much monies as shall be sufficient from time to time money to ante answer to the said exchequer in England, the several and re- swer annui. spective annuities and other payments hereby directed to be paid t*C8 to thereout; and that such payments shall be made into the said exchequer in England half-yearly, by even and equal portions, (that is to say), such of the said sums as shall be paid for the consolidated annuities in respect of the sum of two millions, on or before the first day of July and the first day of January in every year; and such of the said sums as shall be paid for the reduced annuities in respect of the said sum, on or before the fifth day offitokr and the first day of April in every year; the first pay- mar upon the said consolidated annuities to be made on or before the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and six, and on the said reduced annuities, on or before the tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and six.

XIII. And, for the more easy and sure payment of all the several media established by this actit further enacted, That the snid The Bank to pernor and company of the bank of England, and their sue- appoint a cessors, shall from time to time, until all the said annuities shall accountant* be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more sufficient person general and x persons, within their office in the city of London, to be their the Treasury daef or first cashier or cashiers, and one other sufficient person toordermo-t within the same office, to be their accountant-general; and that so to the ranch of the monies by this act appropriated for the purpose, as cashier for stall be sufficient from time to time to answer the said several payment of and respective annuities, and other payments, herein-directed to annuities, be made out of the said monies, in respect of the whole of the ttidMm of twenty millions, shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury of Great Britain, or any three or more of them, or tk bigbhtreasurer of Great Britain for the time being, without

*4

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. t. 3$.

[1806.

any further warrant to be sued for, had, (St obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this act appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer in Great Britain, to the said first or chief cashier or cashiers of the said governor and Company of the bank of England, and their successors, for the time being, by way of imprest and upon account for the payment of the said several and respective annuities payable by virtue of this act \ and that such Cashier or cashiers, to whom the said money shall from time to time be issued, shall from time to time, without delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, 'according to the due course of the exchequer in Great Britain; and that the said accountant-general for the time being shall from time to time inspect and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

Cashier to

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the cashier or for^ub^cnp- cas^ers of the governor and company of the bank of England, tions, which who shall have received or shall receive any part of the feakl maybe assign- contributions towards the said sum of, twenty millions, shall ed before give a receipt or receipts in writing to every such contributor ec. 19, 1 o.yor all such sums. an(j that ^e receipts to be given shall be assignable at any time before the nineteenth day of I>ecembet Cashier to one thousand eight hundred and six, and no longer: provided ?or^)a\^nx the a*ways> that such cashier or cashiers shall give security to money he re- the good liking of any three or more of the commissioners of ceives into the the treasury, or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the time Exchequer, being, for duly answering and paying into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Great Britain, as after mentioned, for the publick use, all the monies which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive from time to time* of and for the whole of the said 9um of twenty millions, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in them reposed, and shall from time to time pay all such monies as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the farthest, into and shall account for the same, in the exchequer of Great Britain, according to the due course thereof, deducting the reout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this act, for which sums $6 paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

XV. And be it enacted, That in the office of the accountant* general of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, a book or books shall be provided and kept, in fice for enter- which the names of the contributors shall be fairly entered; which torts namesT or khs, the said respective contributors, their respective a duplicate executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall and may whereof to be' from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort to and inspect transmitted to without any fee or charge; and that the said accountant* of\he tlche* 8enera^ shall, on or before the fifth day of July one thousand eight quer. Hundred and seven, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written

on

A book to be kept in the accountant-general's of-

*5

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. UK c. 33.

m paper, of the said book or books into the office of the auditor die receipt of his Majesty's exchequer of Great Britain, there (0 Main for ever.

m And be it further enacted, That such contributors, duly Contributors pqhgthe whole sum so subscribed at or before the respective com ib this act limited in that behalf, and their respective ex- tcriptions en* codon, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have, titled to an-ram, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this act to have, nuities tax-noM, md enjoy, the said several annuities by this act granted* is taped of the sum so subscribed, out of the monies granted salsipnpnated in this session of parliament for payment thereof, ttdwB have good and same interests and estates therein, ac-conig to the several provisions in this act contained, and that tie mi several annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, al bposidons whatsoever.

IVE Provided always, That in case any such contributors Subscriptions

ttohne already deposited with or shall hereafter pay to the pa\d m pa*

/, r r.and not com-

sMoaier or cashiers any sum or sums of money at the time pitted, farad the manner hereinbefore mentioned, in part of the sum fated. aby them respectively subscribed, or their respective tmtas, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall not advance alpp to the said cashier or cashiers, the residue of the sum or nano subscribed at the times and in the manner before mental, then and in every such case so much of the respective aav sums so subscribed, as shall have been actually paid in ps&reof to the said cashier or cashiers, shall be forfeited for de benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the said aadbes after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and i three pounds per centum per annum respectively, in respect tkaeof, shall be extinguished; any thing'in this act contained to fc contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

ML And be it further enacted, That all persons who shall Annuities to fc entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in respect of the said sum of twenty ^millions, and all persons lawfully claiming estate.

Oder them, shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate, vhkh shall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise; any law,

Rfflae, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Treasury may mj three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the ^nevoaid treasurer of Great Britain, for the time being, to issue and into the Ex-ipjty from time to time all such sums of money as shall be so chequer.

pad into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer of Great Britain, ly the said cashier or c&shiers to such services as shall then have k YOted by the comipons of the united kingdom of Great Brim and Ireland, in this present session of parliament.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Treasnrymay lorfccommissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or^Ir*-wore of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised, lthel<ui. tttof the said sum of twenty millions or out of any other the

aids

Accountant-general to keep books for entering transfers.

Stock may be devised.

Transfers not

Liable to stamp-duties

Treasure may defray incidental expencesout of Contributions, and allow salaries to the cashier and accountant-general.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 33. [1806.

aids or supplies granted or to be granted for the service of the yetr one thousand eight hundred anrd six, to remit to the exchequer of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, from time to time, any sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two millions, to be applied to such services for Ireland, as shall have been voted by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present session of parliament.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That books shall be constantly kept by the said accountant-general for the time being, wherein all assignments or transfers of all sums advanced or contributed towards the said sum of twenty millions shall be entered and registered; which entry shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers, or if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised, in writing under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of assigning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law: provided always, that all persons possessed of any share or interest in either of the said stocks of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may devise the same by will, in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses; but that no payment shall be made upon any such devise, until so much of the said will as relates to such snare, estate, or interest, in the said stocks of annuities, be entered in the said office; and that in default of such transfer or devis/, such share, estate, or interest, in the said stocks of annuities, shall go to the executors, administrators, successors, and assigns; and that no stamp-duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said transfers)any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That out of the monies arising from the contributions towards raising the said sum of twenty millions by annuities, any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, shall have power to discharge all such incidentcharges as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and also to settle and appoint such allowances as shall be thought proper for the service, pains, and labour of the said cashier or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said contributions; and also shall have power to make, out of the said consolidated fund, such further allowances as shall be judged reasonable fot the service, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or cashiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this act; and also for the service, pains, and labour of the said accountant-general, for performing the tTust reposed in him by this act; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 33. ij

respect of the service, pains, and labour of any officer or officers dthe aid governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of ti* aid governor and company, and at their disposal only.

HE And be it further enacted, That all the monies to which The 3l. per fflfpemm or persons shall become entitled by virtue of this act, respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards the said sum ties to be of maty millions on which the said consolidated annuities, after added to the thenteof three pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending, Stock M he added to the joint stock of annuities transferable at the cent corwoli-basksf Esmond, into which the several sums carrying an interest dated an-&er the ate of three pounds per centum per annum, were, by nuities. semi sets made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-nine^ dirty-second, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late mipftyKiBg&Dr^f the Second, and by several subsequent acts, cmriifafed, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of unities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in srinainer, and upon such notice as in the said act made in the Myiftb year of his said late Majesty's reign is directed in raped of the several and respective annuities redeemable by limflftke said act, and that all and every person and persons ariospontkms whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which i^4e, or they, shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of rhisac^ shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest aiikre in the said joint stock of annuities at the rates afore-

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to The vbdb my person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of UIMjer dsiact, in respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards act to be tkodium of twenty millions on which the said reduced an- added to the smes after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum shall beafesdinr, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities trans- reduced!"*feoUeat the bank of England, which, by an act made in the ttotj-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, were reduced frtai four pounds per centum per annum, to three pounds per entm per annum, and shall be deemed part of the said joint sock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parlia- lanest, in such manner and upon such notice as in the severalcts by which the said annuities, after the rate of four pounds ft atom per annum were respectively granted are directed in raped of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof; and that dad every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in {nyxtkmto the money to which he, she, or they shall become ended as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed aluie a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of snotties at the rate aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Persons conn-mialU forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or cooDterfcited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or contributions onterfemngsnj receipt or receipts for the whole of, or any part See. guilty of or pats of the said contributions towards the said sum of twenty felony, nio&s either with or without the name or names of any person

Bank to continue a corporation till the annuities hereby granted cease.

28 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 33. [1806.

or persons, being inserted therein, us the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, 9r of any part o parts thereof, or shall alter any number, figure, or tford thereir or utter or publish, as true, any such false^ forged, counterfeitec or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud th governor and company of the bank of England, or any bod politic or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, ever! such person or persons so forging or counterfeiting) or causii^ or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, ox" willingly acting e assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due fori of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer deat as a felon without benefit of clergy.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That th said governor and company of the bank of England^ and dui successors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of did own funds, in pursuance of the acts for establishing the same, 0 any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of the act, until all the annuities by this act granted shall be redeeme by parliament as aforesaid, and that the said governor and cona pany of the hank of England, qr any member thereof, shall nd incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter thing in pursuance of this act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, reward, a gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's subjects, for receiving or paying the said subscriptia or contribution monies or any of them, or for any receipt concerning the same, or for paying the said annuities, or any 0 them, or for any transfer of any sum, great or small, to be madj

penalty of ao/. in pursuance of this act, upon pain that any officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any such fee, reward, 0 gratuity, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twent pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit, to b recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in an] of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein m essoign, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or orde of restraint, or any more than one imparlance shall be granted 0 allowed.

Persons sued

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person 0 may plead the persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thin] general issue. done virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or person shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and th special matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence 0 defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendan or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his her, or their action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judge ment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrei or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall har< Treble costs. cost8 awarded to him, her, or them, against any sud

plaintiff or plaintiffs.

tto fee to be taken for receiving contributions, or paying or transfer! ng annuities, on

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 34, 35., j

CAP. XXXIV.

iM&far further continuing until the twenty-fifth day of March one thami gbt hundred and seven, an act made in the thirty-ninth far of | present Majesty, for the more effectual encouragement of Ifcjk&fe fisheries.

[April at, 1806.]

AftyGeaj. C. too. further continued until March ay, 1807.

CAP. XXXV.

rsrffrrrwt* amend so much of an act made in the forty third met ef tk present Majesty, for granting certain stamp-duties in r Tf^ui, & provides fir the* exempting from the said duties, hank - mrmi'hanhpost-hills issued by the governor and company of the ifajffadand.-:  (May 5, 1806.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the forty-thitd year of his presentJn Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting to his Ma-S G.y. c.iac* jetwemd duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the com-Inhot for managing the stamp-duties in Ireland, it was

3I tier things enacted, that all bank notes and bank post-bills,

AM be issued by the governor and company of the bank of m^daddbe exempted from the duties thereby charged thereon nptihth/y upon payment of a compensation for and in lieu of such mobs manner as in the satd act is mentioned: and whereas by an act adrsi da forty-fourth year of his present Majestfs reign, intituled, fa ict for granting to his Majesty certain stamp-duties in Ire-.3. c. 68^ H* was amongst other' things enacted, that so much of the said AM set of thefvrty-third year as exempted the said bank notes and Utpstdrills from the said duties $ and as authorised any compensation \ k mode or received for and in lieu of the said duties, should be muled t and whereas it is expedient to revive and amend so much of msid rtnttd act of the forty-third year aforesaid, as relates to the siieemptm; bent therefore enacted by the King's most ex-majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords apBTtual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament asenbled, and by the authority of the same, That all bank notes ad bank post-bills which shall be issued by the governor and empteci from company of the bank of Ireland, at-any* time after the twenty- stamp duty ifd) day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, whether on payment far fifty pounds or any greater or lesser sum, shall be exempt penwrionas" fan the duties chargeable thereon, respectively by law for one shall be agreed fafejrear, and so: from every twenty-fifth day of March for one on.

dfcle year next following, provided the governor and company tfthrsaid Bank shall within ten days rafter the passing of this m, /m account of the year next following the said twenty-fifth bfd March-one thousand eight hundred and six, and on each m wrr twenty^fifth tday ofj March respectively on account of troy totoequent year, have paid into his Majesty's treasury of MU isth stun of money as shall have been from time to time J wed upon bj and between the said governor and company and the lord high treasurer of Ireland, or the of for

jo Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 36. [1806.

executing the office of lord high treasurer of Ireland, as a compensation for and to be in lieu of and in full satisfaction for a stamp-duties payable upon all notes and bills to be issued by th said governor and company of the said Bank during the year nei'following every such twenty-fifth day of March respectively any thing in tn said recited act of the forty-fourth year afog said, or any other act or acts in force in Ireland, to the contra in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act to repeal so much of an act of the last session of parliament, charges a duty of three shillings upon certain tenements or dwelling houses in Ireland.

[May 5, 1806.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the last session of parliamm

43 .3.0.19. y y intituled An act for granting unto his Majesty until d

twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and aj certain inland duties of excise and taxes in Ireland, in lieu^ former duties of excise and taxes, a yearly rate or duty of dm shillings was granted to Ids Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon on out of every tenement or dpvelling-house not having more than si windows or lights, except such houses as shall not be worth the yearl rent of fifty shillings y and the occupier or person paying rent for tdot hath not any goods or chattels to the value of ten pounds, over on above all fus or her just debts, and does not pay rent fir house, or horn and land altogether, to a greater annual amount than five pouid yearly, (money paid for com acres, potatoe land by the crop, in ti nature of corn acres, and fir grazing, not being to be deemed or com sidered rent): and whereas by an act made in the present session < parliament, the several rates, duties y and taxes granted by the sm first recited act, are continued until and upon the twenty-fifth day i March one thousand eight hundred and seven: and whereas it 1 expedient that the said herein-befire mentioned rate or duty of thn shillings should be repealed\ and should be no longer payable; be i therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by an with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tempera and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by th authority of the same, That so much of the said last recited a< as continues the said rate or duty of three shillings, shall be an the same is hereby repealed \ and that, from and after th 3s on certain passing of this act, the said rate or duty of three shillings sha tenements cease and determine, and shall be no longer paid or payable, an thing in the said recited acts, or any other act or acts in force i Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding 5 and that all rules an directions for ascertaining, securing, and collecting the and rat or duty of three, shillings, and all persons for enforcing the payment thereof, or of any arrears thereof, contained in any act acts in force in Ireland, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, so far as the same are applicable to the duty heteb repealed.

So much of recited act as continues the rate of

repealed.

---

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 37, 38. 31

CAP. XXXVII.

An act to declare the law with respect to witnesses refusing to answer.

[May 5, 1806.]

WHEREAS doubts have arisen whether a witness can by law refuse to answer a question relevant to the matter in issue, the answering of which has no tendency to accuse himself or to expose him to any penalty or forfeiture, but the answering of which may establish, or tend to establish that he owes a debt, or is otherwise subject to a civil suit at the instance of his Majesty, or of some other person or persons; be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Declaring the law respecting witnesses refusing to answer questions.]

That a witness cannot by law refuse to answer a question relevant to the matter in issue, the answering of which has no tendency to accuse himself or to expose him to penalty or forfeiture, of any nature whatsoever, by reason only, or on the sole ground, that the answering of such question may establish or tend to establish that he owes a debt, or is otherwise subject to a civil suit, either at the instance of his Majesty, or of any other person or persons.

CAP. XXXVIII.

---

An act for repealing the several duties of customs upon tea imparted into Great Britain, and granting a duty in lieu thereof; and for footing to his Majesty additional duties of excise on tea.

[May 5, 1806.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's ; most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and rdud, in parliament assembled, towards, raising the necessary applies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making

permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and.duntarily resolved, to give and grant unto your Majesty, the Jdidonal rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do there-5: e most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted^ nd be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by a, nd ith the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, ad commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the several and respective duties of Duties of customs payable upon tea imported intq Great Britain, shall, from tea

nd after the passing of this act, cease and determine, save and  cea8e> iceptinall cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying, ny arrears thereof respectively, which may, at the passing of this ct, remain unpaid, or to jmy fines, penalties, or forfeitures, elating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at fly time before the passing of this act*.jandthat in lieq^thereof 6A for

Goo^n'9tead nr loo/- of

3z Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 38. [1806.

the value of instead of the said duties, a duty of customs of six pounds, for the East India eve, T one hundred pounds of the true and real value, aocorduq &mpany*s*P*088 F*ce* ^hich such tea shall have been sold.*t: tf

sale shall be publick sales of the united company of merchants of Bnglm paid. trading to the East Indies, shall be raised, levied, collected, tk

paid, upon all tea imported into Great Britain.

Xedut^to^le he lt ^uer enacted, That on the dueexportation*

allowe/on mJ SUCH tea, there shall be paid, or allowed, a drawback, of l|| exportation, whole duties of customs by this act imposed.

Duty to be

III. And be it further enacted, That the duty of custom paid on tea granted by this act upon tea, shall be due and payable upon a] eKral^ tea shall, from and after the passing of this act, be soli

of the East- at Puhhck sales of the said company; and shall be paid 0 India Com- secured in 9uch manner, and at such times, and subject t pany. such rules, regulations, and restrictions, as are prescribed m

directed with respect to the payment of any former dutife*4 customs upon tea provided also, that the said duty of ci  shall be due and payable on a}l. tea imported by the said company, which shall remain in the warehouse of the said.t pany on the passing of this act, and which shall not have- sold at the publick sales of the said company, notwitT such tea may have been imported. into Great Britain before^ passing of this act.,

IV. And be it further enacted, That such part of the \ duty of customs as shall arise in that part of Great Britain caDa England, shall be under the management of the commissi* of the customs in England for the time being; and such 1' as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, 1 be under the management of the commissioners of the cusi in Scotland for the time being*

Duty and

V. And be it further enacted, That the said duty of custom ho^tobe#le a"^ t^ie drawback Of the said duty of customs on tea, may vied and paid. he ascertained, managed', raised, levied, collected, answrfm paid, recovered, and allowed, in such and the like manner, aqdb the same means, ways, or methods, as former duties of custom and drawbacks of duties of customs upon tea; and also.bf ad ' such special means, ways, or- methods respectively, as forme duties of customs, and drawbacks of duties of customs upon tw 'were or might be ascertained, managed, raised, levied, collect^ answered, paid, recovered, and allowed; and the tea whereb a duty of customs is by this act charged, and drawback of dpt'of customs allowed upon the importation thereof into, qr ej portation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other accent whatever, shall be, and the same is hereby made subject ap liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restru tions, seizures, and forfeitures, to which goods, wares, or rnei chandize in general; and also all and every the special coi ditions, rules, regulations, restrictions, seizures, sales, and foi feitures respectively, to which tea was subject and liable by an act or acts of parliament, iu forcer cm and immediately- befoi die passing of this act, respecting the revenue of customs, -, an

Duty to be under management of the commissioners of customs.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 38. 3$

aBj* penalties, fines, and forfeitures, of whatever nature or IfoMfce same may he, as well pains of death as others, for any flftooc whatever committed against or in breach of aajr act or parliament in force on or immediately before the passing ottfchact, made for securing the revenue, of customs, or for the i^lsioa or improvement thereof, and the several clauses, poees, previsions, and directions, contained in any such act or acts, duty, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and sMfetepctively applied, practised, and put into execution, for abdmttqn* of the duty of customs, and drawback of duty of ctiUetkceby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to diktats and purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said at % t|ases, provisions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, w Monies, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the WfdPtbkact, and made part thereof. f Vi Awl be it further enacted, That there shall be raised^ On tea sold at kM>flQlfeeted, and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, the East India Wriri and successors, for and in respect of tea, oyer and above ^umler*f excise already: imposed for or in respect thereof bj per lb, any t or acts of parliament, the further duty of excise herein- an excise duty dMMkraed i that is to say, sots and upon all tea which, from of'3o/* JP?-ai afe the passing of this act, shall be sold at the sales of the?*8,

BMd Company of Merchants of England trading to the East*.

hifywditr two shilings and sixpence ptr pound weight, an enmaf thirty pounds per centum;

Y1 And be it further enacted, That the said several and re- Purchaser tp iftem duties shall be compute A upon the gross prices at which paytliedutics* uAto'Aall be sokl/to be paid by tnefpurchasdr or purchasers of ad tea to the said United Company, and to be paid by the said J

Bmed Company to the respectke of of customs and _ i.

firia for the time being.

WE And be it further enacted, That the said duty of excise, Duty of excise bythts act imposed, for or in respect of tea, shall be uxtddr the*? be under maatement of the commissioners of excise for the time being, ment'of tie" tad shall be again drawn back and repaid, or allowed upon the commission-nponation of such tea to any place where a drawback or alk>w- ers of excise; aw of the duty on tea is now allowed, or made by law, upon the and on expor-ane terras and coodtticms, and under, subject, and according to ^e^awback 4e time rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, pe- 0fduty, wher* Wei, ?nd forfeitures* as are respectively contained, provided, one is now.tttied, or established, by any act or acts of parliament in force at allowed, shall fodme of passing this act, anArejattng.tatheexportation of tea ad the said rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, shall be^ and the same respectively are hereby directed to he duly observed, practised, applied, and put in tiecmion, upon such exportation of any such tea; and that the How the duty-id duty of excise, by this act imposed, for or in respect of tea, of excise shall' doll be raised, levied, collected, and paid, by 9uch persons, and be levied' tnderwch management, and under, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and

34

Prize tea to be subject to the duties imposed by tlsis act.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 38. [1806.

forfeitures, as are respectively contained, provided, settled, or est btished, by any act or acts of parliament in force at the time passing this act, and relating to the excise duties payable for 1 in respect of tea; and the said rules, regulations, restrictioil provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, respectively, shall I and the same respectively are hereby directed to be duly observe practised, and put in execution, for the raising; levying, collectirt and paying the said duty of excise by this act imposed, for or in i spect of tea, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the sail rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, lines, penalties, ai forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and aga enacted in this act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all tea taken and cd demned as prize, and sold by the captors, or their agents, pursua to the rules, regulations, and restrictions, prescribed by an a passed in the thirty^third; year of the reign of his present Majest intituled An act for the relief of the captors (fprizes with respect

the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom, s&dU subject and liable to the duties of customs and excise by this a

fund.

Separate account of the duties to be

kept.

imposed on tea.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the monies from time consolidated arising by the duties of customs and excise by this act in

posed, (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for thesar^ respectively excepted), shall, from time to time, be paid into it receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster s and the sai -money so paid in as aforesaid shall be carried to and made part < the consolidated fund of Great Britain.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That tl of of his Majesty's Treasury, nbw or for the tixn being* or any, three or more of them, or trie lord high treasurer f< the time being, shall, for the period of ten years from the con meiicement of this act, cause a separate and distidct account c

the additional duty of excise granted by this act to be preparec and annually laid before parliament, pursuant to an act passed i

forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intitulec < An act for directing, certain publick accounts to be laid annually besot parliament, and for discontinuing certain other forms of account nowt use; and the monies arising from the said additional duties shal be deemed a permanent increase to the ptilick revenue of Gm Britain, for the purpose ofi defraying any increased charge occasioned by any loan made or stock created by authority of any ac

-of parliament passed, or tpt be passed, in; the present session of parliament.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered amended, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made krthispresefl session of parliament.

Act may be altered or repealed tbifc spsion

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 39. 35

CAP. XXXIX.

dn act for granting to his Majesty, until twelve month after the rati-JkdkH of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties of excise'mt&acco and snuff.

[Majr 5, 1806.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and bdmim parliament assembled, towards raising the supplies to hthtfie expences of the just and necessary war in which your Mjbfjisengaged, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and gnawnto your Majesty the sevendaddittonal duties oftxcise herein ittpecdrely mentioned j and do. therefore most humbly beseechar Majesty that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by the Gag's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and own! of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pcwt parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

Itafc&ere shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for Additional dwssf his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon the goods, duties and vttVmd merchandize mentioned and described in the schedule drawbacks hermto annexed, the several sums of money and additional ^edule an. hoes of excise, as they are respectively inserted, described, and nexed to be nt fofth in the said schedule, over and above all other duties of paid and al* no* now. payable to his Majesty; and that there shall be made, 'ow^d* slowed, and paid, for or in respect of goods, wares, and merchandize, for cn* in respect whereof any duty of excise is by this act granted, to the several persons entitled to the same, the several drawbacks of excise as the same are also respectively inserted, described} end set forth in the schedule hereunto annexed; and the ame shall commence and take effect from the day mentioned in dataidsdiedtile.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the duties by this act* Duties to be granted, as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called England, un<ier the Aafi be under the management of the commissioners of excise in &gfarffov<the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that missioners of put of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the manage* excise, ment of the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the rime Wingi

III. And be it further enacted, That the several sums of money a?^ respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the schedule hcreanto annexed, as the duties of excise, and the drawbacks set levied and forth in the said schedule upon the goods, wares, and merchandize paid, mentioned therein, shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, aid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed, in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the geiyral or special means, ways, or methods, by which the former duties and drawbacks of excise respectively upon goods, warn, and merchandize of the same sorts or kinds respectively were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed; and the goods, wares,

36 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. 03$.

[1806.

and merchandize, so by this act respectively made liable to the payment of, or chargeable with duties of excise, or so entitled t< drawbacks of excise, as respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said schedule Hereunto annexed, shall be* and th| same are hereby made subject to ail and every the conditions regulations, rules, restrictions, and forfeitures, to which goods wares, and merchandize, were generally or specially subject o liable by any act or acts of parliament in force iihfnediately hefon the passing of this act, respecting the duties of excise; and al and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, of any nature or kfcu whatever, for any offence whatever committed against, or ii breach of any act or acts bf parliament in fbrce immediate] before the passing of this jact, made for securing the revenue excise. Or for the regulation br improvement thereof, and th several clauses, powers, and directions therein contained, shall, an are hereby directed: and declared to extend' to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in, execution for and i respect of the several duties and drawbacks of excise hereb charged and allowed* in as full and ample manner, to all intent and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said acts, clause* provisions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties or for feituteS, were particularly repeated and re-enagced in the body e this act-.3

an Hick And be it further enacted, That in all cases, wh$rg dutfe

quantity,"to imposed or drawbacks allowed by this, act oaany specific!

apply to any quantity of goods, wares, and merchandize,: the same shall  greater or less every case be understood, deemed, and taken, to apply in the; sai quantity. proportion, and after, the same.rate, to any greater or less quantit than Such specifick quantity.

V. And whereas contracts or agreements may have been ntadefc the salt or delivery tobacco or snuff on which additional duties t excise are or may be granted by this act, which contracts or- agreement hope no reference to sudhailditional duties, and thereby the several, con tractors may be materially effected; for remedy thereof, bq it furthfl Where; can- enacted, That all and every person or persons who shall or may hav tracts have made or enteted into: any subcontracts or agreements, shall, afi

tihedutv maybey are hereby respectively authorised and empowered, in th be added to 7 ease^of any such contracts or agreements, tofcdd sq much mene the price. as will be equivalent to the said additional duties respectively tj the price of such tobacco or smlff, and shall be entitled by yirtu of this act to be paid for the same accordingly.

Duty to be

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising b paid into the the said duties, (the necessary charges of raising and accountin Exchequer, for the same excepted), shall from time to time be paid into th &c# receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly an

apart from all other branches of the publick revenues \ and tha there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of th said receipt of exchequer, a book or books in which all th monies arising from the said respective duties, ac*d paid into tfi said receipt as aforesaid, shall b'e entered separate and apart hot all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and sue - t )OgIe cessors

37

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 39.

tenors, upon any account whatever; 'and the said monies so paid into the said receipt shall, from tin>e to time as the same shall be paid into the said receipt, be issued and applied to such services as shall then hare been voted by the commons of the united kingdom cf Great Britain and Ireland in this present session of parliament, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and six, or shall be voted by the commons for the service of any subsequent fear; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the tine being, or any three or more of them* or the high treasurer for die time being, are and is hereby authorised and empowered to me and apply the same accordingly.

VE And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in Continuance force until twelve months after the ratification of a definitive of act' treaty of peace.

VuI. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered,*

unended, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present 01^kuion of parlisungnt..'

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers. Schedule (A.)

For every pound weight of tobacco imported into Great Britain, not being of the produce or manu-acture of Ireland, an additional duty of - 0 0 6

For every pound weight of snuff imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants ( England trading to; the East Indies, an additional lutyof - 016

For every pound weight of snuff imported into Great Britain from any British plantation in America,

Thom the Spanish West Indies, an additional duty f. - 009

For every pound weight of snuff imported into Great Britain from any other place, not being Irish lanufactured snuff, imported directly from Ireland, n additional duty of - , -00 10J

For every pound weight of unmanufactured ohacco, of the growth or produce of Ireland, im-.orted into Great Britain, an additional counter-ailing duty of - 0 0 6

For every pound weight of Irish manufactured hort-cut tobacco* or tobacco manufactured into what s commonly called or known by the name of Spanish, mported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing duty of- - 0 (

9.

For

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 39. [1806.

Schedule (A.)  continued.

For every pound weight of Irish manufactured shag tobacco imported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing duty of - 008

For every pound weight of Irish manufactured roll tobacco imported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing duty of - .-.00 9

For every pound weight of Irish manufactured carrot tobacco imported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing duty of - .008

For every pound weight of every other sort of Irish manufactured tobacco not herein-before enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing duty of - 009

For every pound weight of Irish manufactured rappee snuff imported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing duty of - 0 0 7

For every pound weight of Irish manufactured Scotch snuff imported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing duty of - 00 10

For every pound weight of Irish manufactured brown Scotch snuff imported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing duty of - w. - 0 0 7-

For every pound weight of Irish manufactured tobacco-stalk flour imported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing duty of - 0 0 9j

For every pound weight of every other sort or kind of Irish manufactured snuff, or snuff-work not herein-before enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing duty of - 0 0 19{

The said additional duties to be paid by the im- porters or proprietors of all tobacco and snuff which shall nave been imported, and for which all the duties chargeable on tobacco and snuff respectively shall not have been paid on or before the twenty-ninth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, or which shall be imported, and which, whether the same shall nave been or shall be imported, shall not be duly exported to parts beyond the seas directly from the warehouses in which the same snail have been lodged under the rules and regulations in that case made and provided.

For every pound weight of short-cut tobacco manufactured at any of the ports of Great Britain, into which tobacco may lawfully be imported, or within two miles thereof, from tobacco for which the duties of

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 40  42.

Schedule (A.)  continued.

imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid and exported as merchandize by the manufacturer thereps, from such ports to foreign parts, an additional drawback of - 0 0 0

For every pound weight of shag tobacco so manufactured and exported, an additional drawback of 0 0 5{:

For every pound weight of roll tobacco so manu-

factored and exported, an additional drawback of - 0 0 6 For every pound weight of carrot tobacco so manufactured and exported, an additional drawback of - - 0 0 5J.

CAP. XL.

An act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to vice-admiral Sir John Duckworth knight of the most honourable order of the Bath, in consideration of the eminent services which he has rendered to his Majesty and the publick.

[May j, 1806.]

His Majesty may grant to Sir John Thomas Duckworth for life an annuity of 1000l. to commence from February 6, 1806. The annuity shall be paid at the Exchequer without fees, and shall not be subject to any tax.

CAP. XLI.

An act for raising the sum of three millions by loans or exchequer-bills, for the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and six.

[May 5, 1806.]

Commissioners of the Treasury may raise 3,000,000l. by loans and ex chequer-bills in like manner as is prescribed by the malt act of this session, c. a. concerning loans, &c. The clauses, 8cc. in the said act relating to loans or exchequer-bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills to bear an interest not exceeding three pounds per centum fa annum. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes; nor exchanged before the expiration of six months from the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace. Action not to lie for such refusal. Exchequer bills to be repaid out of the supplies to be panted in next session. Exchequer bills, if not paid off, to bear an interest of j/. per centum per annum. When the three pounds per centum consolidated Bank annuities shall be eighty pounds per centum, or more, the exchequer-bills shall become payable. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act.

CAP. XLII.

Afi act for granting to his Majesty, during the present war, andfir six months after the expiration thereof by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on certain goods, wares j and merchandize, imported into and exported from, or brought or tarried coastwise within Great Britain.

[May 5, 1806.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty* most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of the* united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament raising the supplies to defray

40

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 4*. JiBo'6.

the expences of the just and necessary war in which your Majesty is engaged, have freely and voluntarily resolved to jprt and grant to your Majtstv the several additional duties herem*-after mentioned $ and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted % and be it enacted by the KuigVmost excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia- fsTSfeirent*U*d> and by the authority of the same, That, from ditionalduties an<* a^ter tent^ day of May one thousand eight hundred and of customs six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Magnified in jesty, his heirs and successors, in ready money, (except as herein after is provided), without arty discount whatever, upon goods, nexed (except wares> or merchandize, imported or brought into Great Britain sugar) shall from parts beyond the seas (except sugar), and upon goods, wares, be paid; and and merchandize exported from Great Britain; and upon goods, ScksTherein wares>or merchandize brought or carried coastwise or from port mentioned to Prt within Great Britain; the several additional duties of shall beallow- customs as the same are Respectively inserted, described, and 6et d. forth in figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A^) and

(B.)> and that there shall also be paid or allowed the several drawbacks of the said duties of customs, as the same are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth in figures in the said Tables marked (A.) and (B.); any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and six, there shall be

________ in like manner raised, levied, collected, paid, and allowed, the

drawbacks on additional duties and drawbacks of customs on sugar, imported sii^ar he into or exported from Great Britain, as the same are respectively allowed. inserted, described, and set forth in figures in the said Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.).

Duties not

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the additional chargeable on duties of customs granted by this act shall not be charged or pay-herein^men- a^e on an7 cotton wool, wine, tea, or tobacco \ or on any fir-tioned, nor on timber eight inches square and riot exceeding ten inches square, the produce of the growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence; nor iany deals above seven inches in width, being eight feet in length and not above ten feet in length, and not exceeding, one inch.and an half in thickness; nor on the produce and amount of the additional duties of customs, granted by an act passed in the forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty> during the present war and until the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace > additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, 'and merchandize, and on the tonnage of ships and vessels in Great Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted, "That the several and respective additional duties of customs by this act granted.on goods, wares, fnteredbefore merchandize, shall be charged and payable on all goods, watts, May xo, 1866, merchandize, (other thap and except such as shall have be^n 6r

shall be imported by the United Company bfli^erchants of 'England trading to the East Indies), which shall n6t Ky teen erst&ed, and

From June 1, 1806, the additional duties and of the duties granted by 43 Geo. 3.

Duties to be charged on

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 42.

ca whkh the duties of customs due and payable thereon, on or before the tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and srs, tfoil not have been paid or secured by bond, notwithstanding wdvgaodi, wares, and merchandize may have been imported into Great Britain on or before the tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and six.

7. Prodded always, and Wit further enacted, That the uddi- But not payroll duties of customs, granted by this act on the importation of able if duties air goods, wares, and merchandize into Great Britain, (other than

aadexeept such as have Web or shall be irftported by the United O&paay'of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies)y iteltot oe charged or payable on any such goods, wares, or mer-dWze, in case the whole of the duties of customs due thereon at the time of importation shall have been secured by bond, on or before die tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred ttdiil.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the addi- Duties to be turn! duties of customs granted by this act on goods, wares, and c^Kea^)lc 011 metthmeiize, (other than Mid except such as shall have been im-OU8^W*{^r povtedby the United Company of Merchants of England trading before May totht East Indies), shall be charged and payable on all goods, 10, 1806, raj, and merchandize imported into Great Britain which shall hrebeen or shall be warehoused, and shall remain, 'on the tenth darof May one thousand eight hundred and six, in warehouses tuderlas Majesty's locks, in pursuance or by the authority of any act or acts of parliament in force on or immediately before the ssd tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and six, although such goods, wares, or merchandize may have been imported before the said tenth day of May one thousand eight bimdred and six: Provided always, that such duties shall hot be but shall not tbrged or payable on any such goods, wares, or merchandize, of

onias and until any such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be ^buse. tekaout of any such warehouse for the purpose of being used or c&sumed in Great Britain, or shall be sold for payment of duties under any act or acts of parliament relating to suen duties.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the additional duties of Duties to be customs granted by this act upon goods, wares, and merchandize, imported by the said United Company of Merchants of England the East-Incwi trading to the East Indies, as the same are described and set forth Company acta figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (B.) shall be<ttidin*to he and payable upon all such goods, wares, and merchandize,

(emton wool, tea, and wine, excepted), as shall, from and afterea> and wifte

the said tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and six, excepted),

be sold at the publieje sales of the said company, and shall be paid

Ksecured in such manner and at such times, and Subject to such

r&les, regulations, and restrictions, as are prescribed and directed

frith respect to the payment of any former duties of customs upon

nichgtods, wares, and merchandize respectively: Provided also,

to the said additional duties of customs shall be due and payable

m all goods, wares, and* merchandize imported by the said United

Comftifjt wKch uhkn^emkin' ih* the Warehouse of the said! tom- 1

Pany

At

Goods in

warehouse

liable.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 42. [1806.

pany 9^ the said tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and six, and which shall not have been sold at the publick sales of the said company* notwithstanding such goods, wares, and merchandize, may have been imported into Great Britain before the said tenth day of Mcy one thousand eight hundred and six.

Duties may be

VIII. And be it further enacted, that in all cases where the secured by*whole or any part of the duties of customs on any g^ods, wares, H>pd* and merchandize are permitted to be secured by bond, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament in force on or immedi^ely befort the tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and six, the additional duties of customs granted by this act {may. in like manlier and under the same rules, regulations, restrictions, and coni?: tions, be permitted to be secured by bond.

IX. And whereas it is expedient, on.account of the additional duty I this act imposed on sugar imparted into Great Britain, that a* & tional bounty should be paid and allowed on the exportation from Gb Britain of refined sugar, produced from sugar of the

or from sugar importedby the United Company of Merchants e/'Engh trading to the East Indies, and on which sugar the duties of cast payable thereon at the time of the importation thereof shall have Additional duly paid; be it therefore enacted, That there shall be paid bounty to be allowed on the exportation from Great Britain of any such re-allowed on the sugar, and which shall have been prepared from sugar on v_ suear^10^ customs payable at die time of the importation

such sugar shall have been duly paid, an additional bounty to4 calculated at and after the rate of fifteen pounds for- every ( hundred pounds in money, on the produce and amount of 1*ever bounty may be due and payable on any such refined i respectively, by any act or acts of parliament in force at the of the exportation thereof, exclusive of the produce and amount^ the additional bounty on such sugar granted by an act of " 43 Gi 3. c. 70.>rty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled*,

act for granting to his Majesty^ during the present war and until i ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties Oft the ii tat ion and exportation f certain gtwUt wares, and merchandizes Additional on the tonnage of ships and vessels inQreat Britain: Provided alw?

bounty not to that the additional bounty by this act granted shall not be paid be allowed on allowed on any refined sugar which shall be entered for exp entered^ tiojj before the fourteenth day of July one thousand eight ' exportation and six, and that the said additional bounty shall not be pajdj 4>Libre Julyi4t allowed on any refined sugar which shall not have been aefuid shipped for exportation within six weeks after the expiration^ this present act.

When, by X. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear ablvTo^a* notice in the London Gazettes in manner directed by an ^ct.pats G. 3. c. 43. so the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majestyfifl the average tuled, An act for regulating tfte allowance of the drawback and pi price ofbrown ment of the bounty on the exportation of sugars and for permitting the i or Muscovadopqytation of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Ish*foreign ships, that the average price of brown or Muscovado i taken in manner directed by the said J^ recited^ foythe

sugar at certain periods shall be

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 42^ 44

weeks preceding the first day of June, or for the two months pro- below certain ceding the first day of August, or for the two months preceding xrawrrenw the first day of October next after the passing of this act*or for powered to the four months preceding the fifth day of January, the fifth day suspend pay-of J/jy, and the fifth day of September respectively in every sue- fnent of duty ceeding year, shall be below forty-nine shillings the hundred weight, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the lord high- tioned. treasurer or the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them for the time being, and they are hereby authorised to suspend until the publication in the Gazette as afpre^ aid, of the average prices of the succeeding four months, the sum of one shilling in the hundred weight; part of the duty on sugar, ly das act granted; and if such average prices -shall be below fortr-dght shillings, then two shillings of the said c}uty 5 and if njenarerage prices shall be below forty-seven shillings, then the ihoieofsuidi duty; and to continue any such suspension if such avenge prices so published shill still remain below such sums of forty-nine shillings, forty-eight shillings, or forty-seven shillings the hundred weight respectively, or to alter the amount of any such suspension of duty, according to such average prices as aforesaid; radio from time to time so long as such average prices of sugar M continue to be below such respective prices the hundred fright as aforesaid; and to take off such suspension when such average prices so published shall be above forty-nine shillings the hundred weight, and again in like manner to suspend the same; ad every such suspension, and also every alteration or termina-. don of any such suspension, shall be published three times in the L&dea Gazette, immediately after every such suspension or alteration, or termination thereof.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Act not to in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect the acts repeal or alter any of the provisions contained in two acts for the of union of Biiioaof Great Britain and Ireland, the one made in the parliament^jrei^d, 1* of Great Britain in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his pre- &c, seat Majesty's reign, and the other T made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his present Majesty's ' reign, or any other act or acts in force on or immediately before the said tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and six, by which apy goods, wares, or merchandize imported from Ireland into Great lrdm} or any goods, wares, and merchandize exported from Great Man to Ireland, are respectively made to remain liable to, or a* charged with, or exempted from any duties of customs, whe- '

tier countervailing or others, or by which any drawbacks or bounties are allowed or given in respect of any such goods, wares, or merchandize.:

30L And whereas an additional duty of customs on sugar imported iftU Great Britain is by this act imposed: And whereas it is just and f ramable in respect thereof and pursuant, to the provisions contained in tie acts for the union of Great Britain and Ireland, that additional fades of customs should be charged on all rfined sugars being of the ma- wfoctvre of Ireland, and imported frm thence into Great Britain,

44 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. e, 42. [i'So6.

sufficient to countervail flu additional duty on the raw material bj this From June i, tut imposed; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after 1806, the the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and six, there*11 be charged on any refined sugary being of the manufacture of sperifiedin Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, the several Table (C.) additional countervailing duties of customs as the same are respectshall be tively inserted, described, and set forth in figures in the Tfcbfe refrnfd* 011 hereuhto annexed, marked (C.)

imported^XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said additional conn-

from Ireland, tervailing duties shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, appropriated, and applied, in such and tfe Such counter- like manner, and by the same means, ways, and methods in ere# as farmer Countervailing duties on refined sugar, tK the former.*manufacture of Ireland, and imported from thence into Great BrU tain, are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid, ft* .'covered, appropriated, and applied.

XIV. And whereas it is just and reasonable, on account of the ad& Atonal duty cfcustoms by this act charged on sugar imported into Great Britain, that additional drawbacks or bounties should in respect thenf he paid and allowed on refined sugar of the manufacture of Great Britain exported from thence to Ireland, be it therefore further enacted From June x, That, from and after the first day of June one thousand eight hu

drawbacks or an^ s*x> ^ere s^a^ Pa* an<* aMwe<b on the exportatidj

bounties spe- Great Britain to Ireland, of the manufacture of Great Brit A

rifted in Ta- which shall have been prepared from sugar of the produce of til bk (DO shall jfnV/, /^plantations, or from sugar imported by the United Compart tlK^x^rtan^Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, on wiidl'tion ofmanu* sugars the duties of customs payable at the time of the import* factored sugar tion thereof shall have been duly paid, the several and respectbl to Xi^ftaiKi. additional drawbacks or bounties as the same are respectively itt< serted, described, and set forth in figures in the Table hertuntt annexed, marked (D.): Provided always, that the said addition! drawbacks or bounties respectively shall not be paid or allovrw unless all the rules, regulations, restrictions, and conditions rw quired by any act or acts of parliament in force on or immediatdl before the passing of this act with respect to drawbacks or bouA] ties payable on the exportation from Great Britain to Ireland ti any refined sugar, are, duly complied with.

But bounty

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the'sim oxid on sugar actional bounty shall not be paid or allowed on any refindl Dtemd for sugar which shall be entered for exportation to Ireland before tlW exportation fourteenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and six, and J^J^riand that the said additional bounty shall not be paid or Allowed oil ic.^refined sugar which shall not have been actually shipped* for exportation to Ireland within six weeks after the expiration

of this present act.

Duties to be

XVI. And be it further enacted, That such of the additiona manaaenfexit ^ut*S customs as shall arise in that part of Great Britain calle< of thecom- England, shall be under the management of the OdiriniisAteneii misftioners of of the customs in England for the time being j and $nch therVo customs. a8 shall arise in'that part of Great BritaincMei Scotland, 'thiAl h

undei

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. a 42* 4

coder the management of the commissioners of the customs in yiani for the time beings

XVII. And be it farthei enacted, That the sever?! duties re- D utles an ipectively inserted, described, and set forth in figures in the said Tiles hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (Bv) as the additional \erieix and duties of customs, whether charged and payable on the several paid, goods, wares, and merchandize, specified therein, according to the nine thereof, or otherwise, and the drawbacks of the duties dcustoms upon, for, or in respect of such goods, wares, and' nerchandize, may and shall be respectively ascertained, managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and Awed, (except where any alteration is expressly made by this act), in such and the like manner, and by the same means, waysr- cr methods, as former dirties of customs'and drawbacks of duties of customs, upon goods, wares, \or merchandize! in general* and by any such special means, /ways, or methods, respectively, -a fomer duties of customs and driwbadks of duties of customs goods, wares, or merchandize, of the samo sorts or kinds, ittttt might be ascertained*. managed, raised, levied, collected* antrd, paid, recovered, and - allowed, 'and the goods, wares, of iserchaadize, > whereon duties of customs are by this act dbgti, and drawbacks of duties of customs, allowed upon the iopcsrwion thereof into or exportation thereof frdm Great Bri- issy or on any other account whatever* shall be, end the same are keif made subject and liable to all. and every the conditions, '

Rpdatioas, rules, restrictions, seizures, !; and forfeitures, to riich gooda, ware$, c* merchandize^ In general* and also all. aderay the special conditions, rules, regulations, restrictions, secures, tidfs* and forfeitures respectivfciy, to which the like; grab, wares, or merchandize, vJeit subject and liable by any tracts.of parliament tvt fbcee on and immediately before thej ^-id tenth day of May onic thousand eight hundred ind<sjx, respecting the revenue of customs-, < except ibhere any alteration is expressly made by this act; and all pains, penalties, fines, and Matures* of whatever nature or kind the same may be, as #ell paroof death I as others, for any oifotice whitevet committed against or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force on 01 immediately before the said tenth day of May one thousand fight hundred and six> made for securing the revenue of custom, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the serial clauses, powers, provisions, and directions, contained in any ssch act or acts, shall (unless where expressly altered by this act} and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution for and in respect of the several duties of customs and drawbacks of dudes ot customs hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, were particularly repeated and redacted in the body of this ac& and made part thereof.

4$ Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 42i [1806.

Duties to be

XVIIE And be it further enacted, That all the monies arisit Sxcbwuer16 t^ie duties, (the necessary charges of raising and a - s' counting for the same excepted,) shall from time to tifne be pa into the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster^ di x - tinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the a ditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books in whi all the monies arising from the said respective duties, and pa into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate a| apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, 1 heirs and successors, upon any account whatever; and the monies so paid into the said receipt shall from timet to time, as t Same shall be paid into the said receipt, be issued and appli to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliam assembled, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundi and six; or shall be voted tyr the Said commons for the service any subsequent year; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's tn sury notor ot fbrihe time being, or any three or more of them, the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby ^authoris and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly. Limitation of

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any. action or si actions. shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons i any thing done in pursuance of this act, such action or suitsh he commenced within three calendar months next after the fi committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county pilace wh^re thexause of complaint did arise, and not eleewhei and the defendant or defendants, in every such- action or $u may plead the general issue, and give this act and the' spec matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon y and if t jury shall find for the defendant or defendants iauaqy.such-acti or suit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nbnsuited, or dj

continue his, her, or their action or suit, after; the defendant defendant^ shall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgenu shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, tire defendant defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy the same as anyrdefendant hath in any other cases to recover c by law.*I*k, f

XX. And be it further enacted, That the ditties granted by t act shalLcontinue in force during the present war, and for months after die expiration thereof, by the ratification of a defii tive treaty of peace.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this act, or any cf t altered or re. provisions thereof, may be varied, altered, or repealed, by a

actor >cte to be made in this present session of parliament.

Continuance of duties.

Ac*, may be

TABLl

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 42.

TABLES referred to in this Act.

Table (A.)

A TABLE of Additional Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described, not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Lst Indies.

And of Additional Duties of Customs payable of the Exportation from Great Britain of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described.

Also of Additional Duties of Customs, payable on the Goods, 'Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, or carried Coastwise, or from Port to Port within Great

Inwards.

Duty.

Drawback.

I-

Sspr, for every .100 of the produce and amount of the duties of customs due and payable thereon,

(except as herein after mentioned,) an additional duty of - 15 0 0 15 0 0

All other goods, wars, and merchandize, for every .100 of the produce and amount of the duties of customs due and payable thereon,

(except as herein after mentioned,) an additional duty of*- - 8 6 O 0 9

r wExcept ":; "

Cotton Wool, i ., rr v f

SS*.Vi: '; /

tSU*. V: \

- Deals above seven inches in width, being eight feet in

length, and not above ten feet in length, and not exceeding one and an, ha^ich in thickness.

Firtimber, being eight inches square, and not exceeding ten inches square, of the growth of Norway, ^nd imported directly from tKence.

These additional duties are not to be charged on the produce and amount of the additional duties of customs granted by an act of the forty-third yeajr of hip present Majesty, intituled; u An act.for granting to.frip Majesty, during the present war, and until the ratification of a

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c.: 4Ji[1806.

definitive treaty of peace9 additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize* and on the tonnage ofolups and vessels in Great Britain or by an act of the forty-fourth year of his present Majesty, intituled, " An act for granting to his Majesty during the present war, and for six raontht after the expiration thereof, by die ratification of I definitive treaty of p#tee, additional duties on ing, importation of ra^aixi goods, wares, and merchant injo Great Britain* andpp gpods, wares, and merdu dize, brought or carried coastwise within Great Bnijaa or l?y an act of tb^st session of parliament, intituh An act 'for granting to its Majesty additional dutkl Within Great Britain, certain goods, wares, and&r3 chandize, imported into, or brought or cam3'ow 4&e" "; ';

See the Act t&vtttch this* Tablei$ ahhexet j

OUTWARDS. Dtftftr

Goods, wares, and merchandize, not being of the

growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, for every .100 of the produce and amount of the duties of customs due and payable on the exportation thereof, (except as herein after mentioned,) an additional duty of - 8 6

Chals^for every .100 of the produoe and amount of the d lties of customs due and payable on the expo tation thereof# (except, as herein-^fster mentioned,) an additional duty of - - 8

These additional duties are not to be charged on the 0 produce and; amount of the additional dutiesjdf c^omf granted by an act of the forty-third year of his present Ma j esty, intituled, " An act for granting ta; hi^d^fajest]r during the present war, and until the ratifit^tfon of i definitive treaty of peace, 'additional duties omtfie' fi&j portation and exportation of certain goods, wares; am merchandize, and on the tonnage of ships and toswlfr w Great Britain."

COASTWISE.uty.

s. I

Goods, wares, and merchandize, brought or carried

coastwise, or from port to port within Great Britain, for every .100 of the produce and amount of the duties of customs due and T payable thereon, (except as herein after mentioned,) an additional duty of--868 Note,

Coals*

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 42.

Coals, m.

- used for smelting topper and tin ores within the counties of Cornwall and Devon, or which shall be used in fire engines forjhe draining water out of the mines of tin ind copper, within the dfcinty of Cornwall.

This additional duty on sudh coals shall be repaid in like manner, as the other duties on coals 60 used; and for the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which those duties shall be so repaid, see9 Ann. cap. 6.  14 Geo. 6. cap. 41.

- used in calcining or smelting copper and-lead ores within the Isle of Anglesey, or Which shall be used in fire engines for draining water out of the mines of copper and lead within the said isle.

This additional duty On coals so used shall be repaid in like manner as the other duties on such cools are directed to be allowed by any act or acts of parliament whatevek; and for the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, under which those duties shall be so repaid,

jee 26 Geo. 3. cap. 104.

jd for any purposg relating to carrying on the works for die manufacturing of tinplates, and for other purposes at Pennygored ifc-the county of Pembroke, called the Penny-gored Works.'

This additional duty on coals so used shall br inepaid, under the condiitionh, regulations, liniitations, ind restrictions, directed by the 35 Geo. 3. cape 39. and 43 Geo. 3. cap: 70.

Coders, coals, and culm, shipped coastwise, at any port in Great Britain, and delivered.inrpny part beyckid the seas, before the duties due on the exportation thereof shall have been paid.' -

This additional duty on such cinders, coals, and culm, shall be repaid in like manner as the other duties on cinders, coals, and culm, so shipped and delivered^ and for the conditions, regulations, and restriction^ under which the said duties shall be so repaid, .9ee 5 " V Geo. cap. 54.i

'*j additiotkl dut^on goods, wares, and merchan-

dize brought or carried coastwise, or from port to port in Gt&b^Britain, is not 'to'be charged on the produce and of the additional duties ef customs granted

by aric*tp9the forty-^hir^ year of his present Majesty, ixthtitad, u An act for granting to his Majesty during the present war, and uritil the ratification of a definitive treaty* dt peace, additional duties on fHe importation and* exportation of Certain goods, wares, and merchandize* and bn the tonnage ^f ships and vessels in Great Britain "< or by an act of tKe forty-fourth year of his present Majesty, intituled, fC An act for granting to his Majesty during the present war* and for six months

50 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 42.

[180

after the expiration thereof, by the ratification of a d finidve treaty of peace, additional duties on the impc, tation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, in Great Britain, and on goods, wares, and merchandb brought or carried coastwise within, Great Britain by an act of the last session of parliament, intitule u An act for granting to his Majesty additional duti within Great Britain, on certain goods, wares, and mi

chandize imported into, or brought or carried coa

wise.

Table (B.) > f ' A TABLE of additional Duties of Customs payable on t Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or describe imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Me chants of England trading to the East Indies* r

jputy. Drawback

Sugar the hundred weight an addi-  s. d.  f- 4

tional duty of - 0: 4 0 0 4 o

All other Goods, Wares, and Mer- chandize, for every . 100 of < the produce and amount of the* duties, of customs due and payable? thereon, (except as herein-^-, t,

after 'mentioned)^ an additional: duty of----- 8 6 8*OOOO

1 Etaoepr, -',: r'

Cotton Wool, '^"'- fr.!i*: i./j.

Tea,). ^1.)vi; .0: b-

Wine. i- !>.^-it' // r*: '

These additional duties are not to be charged on tb produce and amount of the additional duties of custon.rh, granted J>y an act, of the forty-^hird year of his preset

Majesty, intituled, "An act for granting to his Majesty during the present war, and until ^gratification of I definitive; treaty of peace, additional duties on the ini portation and exportation of certain goods, wares, an merchandize, and on the tonnage of ships and vessels i: Great Britain 5v or by an act, of the forty-fourth yea of his present Majesty, intituled, H An ?ct for grantmj to his Majesty, during the present w^r, and for si: months after the expiration thereof by tl* ratification 0 a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the im portation of certain goods, vyares, and merchandize, inti

51

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 42.

Great Britain, and an goods, wares, and merchandize, brought or carried coastwise within Great Britainor by an act of the last session of parliament, intituled, u An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties within Great Britain, on certain goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into, or brought or carried coastwise."

See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

Table (C.)

A TABLE of additional Countervailing Duties of Customs ppUe on Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain.

' DUTY.

Sogar refined, viz. . s. d.

- Bastards, whole or ground, the hundred weight 0 3 0  bmps, the hundred weight - 0 5 7 J

- Single Loaf, the hundred weight* - 06 0

- IWder Loaf, and Double Loaf^ the hundred

weight - 0 '6 5

Sugar Candy, viz.

- Brown, the hundred Weight -0' 5 7*

- White, the hundred'weight - - v 0 6 5

Sflgarrefined, of any other sort/ the hundred weight 0 6 5

Table <D.)

A TABLE of additional Drawbacks or Bounties to be paid or iBowed on the Exportation of Refined Sugar, < of the Manufac-tare of Great Britain, exported from thence to Irefaridi1 r' m Drawback

or Bounty.

dm

Spr refined, viz v, u -

Bastards, whole or ground, the hundred weight 0 3 0

I VMM. A t

5. 7i 6 0

- O-it.

- Lamps, the hundredweight -p< -

the hundredweight - -.- -^Powder Loaf, and Double Loaf, the hunched

Weight.- y - ; - 0 6 5

Sags, Candy, viz*, '.?-T/'-i,; '- i .*_

Brown, the hundred weight- iQ(5

*-... White, the hundred, weight - 0 6

Sugar refined, of any other son, qie hundred weight Q 6

5

5

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 43. [1806.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on mints and on licences to appraisers in Great Britain.

[May 5, 1806.]

From July 5,: 806, the stamp duties herein mentioned on appraisements shall be paid*

Duties to be under the management of the commissioners of stamps.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such perm nent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the i creased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised or stock to I created by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be paid in this session of parliament^ have freely and voluntarily resoto to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after njof tioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it m be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent!? jesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiffo and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament 453ft bledj, an4 by the authority of the same, That, from and aftetJ fifth day of rftify one thousand eight hundred and six, there jfc be paid, throughout Great Britain, unto and for the use of Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon every skiq piece ofj vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper Up which any valuation or appraisement, or the amount of any vj ation or appraisement of any restate, property, or effects personal, or of any interest in possession or reversion, remain! or contingency in any estatejayiroperty real or personal, shall' written or set down in figures where the amount of such valj tion or appraisement shall ft* fifty pounds, a stamp di

of two shillings and sixpence; and where the same shall exftlf fifty poundsv*tantp 4\

of five r*hijfeng 51 ^ru}j where*; the me shall razeed; one Jnu4f pounds pounds, i* iSttrap duty oft

shillings^ and where the same shall exceed two hundred potto and not exceed five hundred pounds, a stamp 4uty of fish shillings^; and where the same shall exceed five hundred pbiel*stamp ^ufjf of twenty shlllt's f^hduptmeveiy apiece or vdll or parchfnent, or sheet orpie^enf ^3per wherobnanV licfcntSeufcl HpprhisOf shall be written or gibrtf d, a Stan^.dWroffcii

II. And further enacted/Thatfor^the bettor aiidTtj effectual levying and coltectfng^all the said duties^herein-belc granted, the same shall be under the government, 1 care, -attdit nagSmeftt of the CDntTnWaiori^ ftitttte

manage^he duties charged fln* damped velhirt payrifltientpi paper, Who, 'i*r thd'rtiajetf*p&tt of them, ^fe heteby nequirfed empowered to employ such officers under them for that purpM and to allow such incidental charges as may be necessary, an< I provide and use such stamps to denote the said several duties shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things aeci

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 43. 53

krrto be done for putting this act in execution with relation to tie said rates and duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorized to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

III. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions, Powers of for-snides, and clauses, and all other matters and things prescribed me.r acU ro* or appointed by any former act or acts of parliament relating to stamp duties {he stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, shall be of to extend to.fill force and effect with relation to the rites and duties hereby this act. imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for raising,

Jerying, collecting, and securing the said new rates and duties JtaAj imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this ^ct, as fully to all intents and purposes as if the same had severity and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the pH new rates and duties hereby imposed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall Persons ap-Viwt or appraise any estate or property real or personal, or any praising pro-, in possession or reversion, remainder, or contingency in ^5 or property real or personal, or any goods, merchandize, appraisers/' {(feds of whatsoever kind or description the same may be, for or tion of any hire, gain, fee, or reward or valuable con-to be therefore paid him, shall be deemed and taken Be an appraiser within the provisions of this act to all intents r Jfld purposes.

V. And be it further enacted, That no person shall exercise Appraisers to calling or occupation of an appraiser, or act as such within j?ke out a ptintent and meaning of this act, without taking out a licence, lcence> pt manner herein after mentioned, and every such licence shall Be the true name and place of abode of the person taking out Same; and it shall be lawful for any two or more of his Ma-h of appointed for managing the duties arising tfamps on vellum, parchment, and paper, or for any person rJg authorized by such of, or the major part of fem, to grant such licences 5 and every such licence issued between the fifth day of July and the fifth day of August in any ar shall bear dafe on the sixth day of July; and every such fence issued at any other time, snail bear date the day on the same shall be issued; and every such licence shall coniine in force from the day of the date thereof until the fifth day % J*ly then next fpllowing,

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth on penalty of July in the year one thousand eight hundred and six, no of 5^ jpnm shall appraise or value any estate or property, or effects real or persona!, or any interest in possession or reversion, reminder or expectancy in any estate or property real or personal for or in expectation of hire or reward without being so licensed as aforesaid, on ppm of forfeiting for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all per- But auc-ttos who shall be duly licensed according to law to act as auc- tioneers duly

tioneers 'censed, maf

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 43. [ 18o<

stamped.

54

act as ap- tioneers shall and may act as appraisers, without taking out ar outtaki urout ot^er ^cence in pursuance of this act, any thing in this act coi licence. tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Penalty of 50l.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every appraiser shs

on appraisers write or set down in words or figures every valuation or apprais neglecting to ment made by him, or any person for him, and the full amou set down thereof, and tfithin fourteen days after the making thereof d

pverv an* w # o

praisement fiver t^ie same to his employer so written or set down upon v( made by them lum, parchment, or pajper duly stamped according to the and on paper duly sions of this act, on pain of forfeiting for any neglect therein, i for delivering any valuation or appraisement, or the amount any valuation or appraisement, on any vellum, parchment, i paper not duly stamped as aforesaid, the sum of fifty pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no person who shall ed ploying ap. p]0y any appraiser to make any appraisement or valuation receive8^-  aforesa^ shall receive, or take, or pay, or make any compensate praisements for the making of any such appraisement or valuation as afor without the said, unless the same shall be written or set down iir words i onPendtmof ^ures upon ve^um> parchment, or paper duly stamped accor< ao/.Pen n8 to t^ie provisions of this act, on pain of forfeiting for evea

such offence the sum of twenty pounds.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothh in this act contained shall extend or be construed to require ar

Persons employing ap-

When appraisements

more than one 8tamP upon anypkce of vellum, parchment, or paper, wherec piece of paper, shall be written or set down any valuation or appraisement

used.

Appraisements made in pursuance of any order of the court

the duty. Duties to be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the consolidated fund.

See. only one tending to more than one piece of vellum, parchment or pape stamp to be other than and except the piece upon which the aggrega!

amount of the value of the articles contained in such valuatio or appraisement shall be written or set down.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothin herein contained shall extend to charge with any stamp duty an vellum, parchment, or paper upon which any valuation or aj praisement made in pursuance of any order of any court of an

noMote miralty, vice admiralty, or any court of appeal, from any sentemfc charged with adjudication, or judgement of such court, shall be written o set down.

XII. And be it further enacted, that all the monies arising b the duties granted by this act shall be paid into the hands of thJ receiver-general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall pay the same (aftei deducting the necessary charges of raising, collecting, and accounting for the same) into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, at such time and in such manner as other duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper are by law directed to be paid; and that the money so paid Into the said receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and made part of the consoi lidated fund of Great Britain.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time

ore^axlia ke*ng> * any t^lree or more of them, or the lord high-treastirer ore ar 1a- or te tjme being, shall, for the period of ten years from the com-

Accounta to be kept, and

ment.

55

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 44.

mencement of this act, cause a separate and distinct account of the duties granted by this act to be prepared and annually laid before parliament, pursuant to an act passed in the forty-second jearof the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for hnding certain publick accounts to be laid annually before parliament, adfar discontinuing certain other forms of acqpunt now in use; and the monies arising from the said duties shall be deemed a permanent increase to the publick revenue of Great Britain, for the nrpose of defraying any increased charge occasioned by any loan made or stock created, by authority of any act of parliament passed or to be passed in the present session of parliament.

CAP. XIV.

An act for carrying to the consolidated fund of Great Britain, the duties on wine granted by two acts of the forty-third and forty-fourth years of his present Majesty.

[May 5, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the forty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making pqefeal certain additional duties of excise on wine imported into On* Britain, granted by two acts passed in the forty-third and

& (fourth years of his present Majesty, and to allow a draw-of the said duties to admirals, captains, and other commis-amedifEcers, for wine consumed on board his Majesty's ships tfvar, whereby certain additional duties of excise on wines imported fob Great Britain, granted to his Majesty by an act passed in the filytHrd year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty, until twelve months after the ratification of the definitive treaty of peace, certain additional duties of excise kGretst Britain, and certain further duties of excise on wine imported fob Great Britain, granted to his Majesty by an act passed in the fitffiurth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for grant-b? to his Majesty, until twelve months after the ratification of a OTnithre treaty of peace, additional duties of excise on wine imported into Great Britain, were made perpetual: And whereas it is expedient that the said duties should go to and form a part of the cmdidatedfund, and be applied towards making such permanent ad-btren to the publick revenue, as shall be adequate to the encreased charge Missioned by any loan to be raised or stQck to be created by virtue of any odor actsfir that purpose, to be passed in this session of parliament May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and bcit enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all the monies arising by trie duties panted by the said tecited acts, (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty^ exchequer at Westmin-; <Vr, and the said monies so paid into the receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund of Great Britain. r\r\n\o

45 G.* C. 45.

43 G. 3.C. ft.

44 G 3. c. 49.

Duties arising by the recited acts shall be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the consolidated fund.

56 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 45* [1806.

Separate ac-

II. And be it further enacted, That the of of hi^ dutie^shall be Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three 01 kept, and an- more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being) nually laid shall, for the period of ten years from the commencement a before Parlia- this act, cause a separate and distinct account of the addition! ment, occ. duties granted by the said recited acts to be prepared and anm glly laid before parliament, pursuant to an act passefl in ti forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, mtituki An act for directing certain publick accounts to be laid Annually be}i parliament, and for discontinuing certain other forms of account nmi i'use; and the monies arising from the said additional duties aha be deemed a permanent increase to the publick revenue of Grt Britain, for the purpose of defraying any increased charge 00 sioned by any loan made or stock created by authority of any of parliament passed or to be passed in the present session parliament,

CAP. XLV.

An act for the better regulation of the office of treasurer of the ordw*\

[May 5, 1806.]

WHEREAS the regulations by law established in the officesI paymaster-general of his Majesty's forces, and of tnetreasur of his Majestffs navy % for the issuing and payment of publick m required for army and navy services, have been found beneficial; $ it is expedient that regulations for the like purposes shot fid be establish by latuy in the of the treasurer of the ordnance; be it thereto enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with t advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and cot mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the author of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, t board of ordnance, in every memorial to be by them presented the treasury, for money for ordnance services, shall pray tli such sum as shall be so required may be issued to the governl and company of the bank of England, on account of the treasun of the ordnance, specifying in every such memorial the sum r quired, and for what particular service or services, and also $p cifying therein the sum total of the general balance of public money on account of the treasurer of the ordnance remaining ub applied in the hands of the governor and company of the bank England, and also stating in every such memorial the amount the assignments upon such balance that are then outstanding, ai the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time bein by their letter, from time to time shall direct the auditor of t exchequer to issue to the governor and company of the bank England, on account of the treasurer of the ordnance, namifl such treasurer for the time being, the sum for which such letu shall be drawn upon the unsatisfied order at the exchequer i favour of the said treasurer > for which the receipt of the pasbiGj or cashiers of the said governor and company shall be a sufBcjeojfej discharge j and all sums for which such letters of tli$ commit

sioner;

Board of ordnance in memorials to pray for the issue of money to the Sank.

Treasury to direct the issue.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 45. 57

men of his Majesty's treasury shall be drawn, shall be issued

to the said governor and company in like manner as they have

hretofore been issued to the treasurer of the ordnance; and all Account to be

neb monies so to be issued to the governor and company of the kePt#

bukef England shall be placed to an account to be raised in the

books of the said governor and company, and to be entitled,

aTle Account of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Ordnance, "

inserting the name of such treasurer for the time being.

II. And be it enacted, That no fees whatever shall be paid at Only cus-tk exchequer or treasury for or by reason of the transactions tomary fees Iq rfwwaid, beyond the amount of what hath been usually paid ipon imprests and accounts hitherto made, according to the foxier custom of transacting business between the exchequer, ord-since office, and bank severally.

III. And be it further enacted, That the treasurer of the ord- The treasurerjcce for the time being, by himself or his deputy, shall, from or his deputy ttd after the passing of this act, make payment on all imprests and debentures ordered for payment by the board of ordnance on the Bank, ^eicep such as shall be issued for the pay and allowances to the o&csaand persons employed in the service of the board of ord-I Wtt, subject to any deductions for duties or otherwise), by I dob* the bank of England, according to a form of draft hereafter to be agreed upon between the lords of of the (may and the governor and directors of the bank of England, wi stating therein whether the same are for the payment of kpatoor debentures, or both, as the case maybe: Provided jw*ys, that the said treasurer or his deputy shall not have power frfasthority to draw on the said bank of England, for the pay* past of the total amount of the imprests and debentures which yblat any time be ordered for payment by the board of ordure, but for the amount of such imprests and debentures only todaHbe actually presented for payment to the said treasurer: prided also, that every of the said drafts shall have figures in-ted in the margin thereof, corresponding to the page in the look kept by the said treasurer wherein the entry shall be made, dthe particular items or charges composing the amount of any imprest or imprests, debenture or debentures, for the payment vbereof such draft shall be given.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may Board of ord-be lawful for the said board of ordnance, from time to time to nance to di- ttborise and empower the said treasurer or his deputy to draw t* to the bank of England, for such sums as the said board shall on the Bank deem proper, for the payment of salaries and allowances, subject for salaries to deductions for duties or otherwise as aforesaid, to the officers an<1 of the said board, and persons employed under their direction or hT^petty ac^ sodality, and for such sums as shall be necessary for payments on count, who his petty account; and the said treasurer or his deputy is hereby shall keep

directea to draw distinct and separate drafts for each of the said separate ac-# .* r 1 r 1 counts there-

aemces, and to keep a separate account thereof, and to state to

the board of ordnance in his applications for leave to draw on the governor and company of the bank of England on account of the

Treasurer of

58 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 45. [1806.

the said services, thfc balance remaining in his hands on account of each of the said services respectively, which sums when issued, by the bank of England to the said treasurer or his deputy, shtf be deposited by him in his office at the Tower of London, or at such other place or places as the said board of ordnance dal direct, and shall not on any account be withdrawn from the but fot* the actual discharge of the salaries, allowances, and payments aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That all sums of money the ordnance by^sa* treasurer for the service, or on account of the ordn Bank all mo- shall be immediately paid by him into the bank of England,

Hies received placed to his account there in manner aforesaid; and such n by him. shall be issued, paid, and applied in such and the like raa

and under the same regulations and restrtcfy'ns, as the money! be issued from the exchequer for ordnance services is herein^ rected to be issued, paid, and applied.

Draft# drawn,

VI. And be it further enacted, That all drafts drawn purst agreeable to to the directions of this act, but not otherwise, shall be suflic

authority to the bank of England to pay die amount thereof ftrifci persons mentioned in such drafts, or to the bearer of them: Pi* vided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, erfc deemed or construed to extend, to render the bank of EM accountable for or on account of any omission or mistake in 1 tion to any figure required by this aqt to be inserted in the ma of; jny such drafts,

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon the death, resign* M UICI tion, or removal, of the present and of every other treasure

the balance in the ordnance hereafter to be appointed, the balance of cash# the Bank to which he shall at that time hare credit on his account, as tW* surer with the governor and company of the hank of Enghadt shall, as soon as a successor shall be appointed to the said actually vest in such successor in trust for the service of theoA nance, and be forthwith transferred, carried over, and placed to the account of such successor to be applied to the said service k pursuance of the like drafts as aforesaid; and the board of ordnance shall, and they are hereby directed and required to fond their memorials and requisitions to the treasury; and the treasurer of the ordnance for the time being shall, and he is hereby directed and required, to issue his drafts as aforesaid, for all unsatisfied charges and demands on account of the ordnance service^ although the same shall have accrued in the time of any former treasurer.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after thepass-keep account. ing Gf this act, the treasurer of the ordnance for the time being

shall keep the account with the Bank, of all monies issued on his account for the service of the ordnance, and the said treasurer, observing the rules and regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any money which he shall not actually receive} and the governor and company of the bank of England shall be answerable for all the monies which shall be actually received by them for the service of the ordnance.

this act sufti cient authority for the Bank to pay them.

On death or removal of the treasurer,

vest in hia successor.

Treasurer to

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 46, 47. 59

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons For prevent-knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or jnP forgery of procure lobe forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully mstruraents. act or assist in forging or counterfeiting the name or hand of the fleasnrer of the ordnance for the time being, or his deputy, or the poson or persons duly authorised as aforesaid, to any draft, in-armnent, or writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the money in the hands or custody of the goremor and company of the bank of England, on account of the treasurer of the ordnance; or shall forge w counterfeit, or causeprocure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wil-Mjract or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any draft, in* strament, or writing in form ot a draft, made by such treasurer the ordnance or his deputy, or the person or persons authored as aforesaid, or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an intention to defraud unperson whomsoever, every such person or persons so offending

Wm|thereof lawfully convicted, shall be, and is and axe hereby rand and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall suffer Mus in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Xind be it further enacted, That all monies which shall be Extending iread from the exchequer of Ireland, or received by the treasurer provisions to 4the ordnance or his deputy, in Ireland, for the service of his Ireland* lkfStfs ordnance, shall be paid to the governor and company of tie bank of Ireland, subject to the like rules, regulations, and wtrietions, as the monies issued by the auditor of the exchequer to Ae governor and company of the bank of England on account tf the treasurer of the ordnance, are made liable to by the pro--fiswns of this act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered,

ttned, or repealed, by any act to be made in this present session altered or re-flf parliament. pealed this session.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for raising the sum of five hundred thousand pounds by treasury- U!k, for the service of Ireland for the year one thousand eight hundred 4ndix^-[May a3, 1806.]

CAP. XLVII.

An act for raising a certain sum of money by way of annuities or debentures for the service of Ireland.

[May 43, 1806.]

bey contributor towards raising two millions Irish currency shall fqr eterjr 100L Irish currency paid, be entitled to the principal sum of 139l. ia aanaities, after the rate of 3l. 10l.'per centum per annum, transferable at the bank of Ireland, or his option to have a debenture for 139l. from tie treasury of Ireland at 3l. ioj. per centum per annum. Contributors to pay their subscriptions in the proportions mentioned. Allowance to be node to contributors paying money in advance. Annuities to be paid luff-yearly. As soon as subscriptions are completed, annuities may betraiferred. Contributors for the purchase of debentures on payment of isttdnfeits to receive debentures from the bank of Ireland. Deben-twes^lo be given by the proper officers of the Treasury. Deposits, in default of payment of the whole sum subscribed, to be forfeited. Bank

f Ireland to give receipt# for payments which may be assigned. Book

60 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 46, 49. [1806.

to be kept in the accountant-general's office for entering contributor! names, &c. Annuities to be personal estate. Annuities to be one joint stock with the present annuities of 3l. ioi. per centum of Ireland. Ay* plication of the money. Money to be carried to the consolidated fas| Annuities and interest to be payable out of the consolidated fund, and)} be paid to the bank of Ireland. Books to be kept for entering trandtak Persons forging receipts for contributions or debentures, &c. gufltrW felony. Fees not to be taken on penalty of 10/ Persons sued may the general issue,

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for continuing an act made in this session of parliament, i An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better pay of the army and their quarters, within the United Kingdom, and >1 islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man.-  [May 13, i&

Act 4s Geo. 3. c. 15. continued in Great Britain until June 13, 1806 Ireland until July 1, 180$} and in Jersey, See. until August 1, 1806.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for increasing the salaries of the judge of the court ofadmtrwtyl in Scotland, and of the judges of the commissary court in Edttr burgh.

[May 23, 1806.]

*6G'C WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-sixth year fik*4 reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for discharging the payment of sentence money, and other fees lT court, to the judge of the court of admiralty in that part of Grt$ Britain called Scotland, and the payment of sentence money fe the judges of the commissary court in Edinburgh s for granting salaries to the judges of the said courts in lieu thereof; andfbi regulating the appointment of the said judges; it is enacted tbri % in lieu of all fees and perquisites theretofore in use to be paid to if exacted by or for the judge of the said court, the said judge should k entitled to and receive a yearly salary amounting to the sum of foot hundred pounds sterlings payable in the same form and upon the sam establishment as the salaries of the judges of the courts of session justiciary, and exchequer, are paid in that part f Great Britain called Scotland: and whereas by the said act it is further enacted, thrift* lieu of sentence money theretofore in use, as well as for the better provision of the said judges of the commissary court in Edinburgh, they should be entitled to and receive the sum of one hundred pounds sterling each of s alary, payable in the same form and upon the same establish* merit as the said salaries of the courts of session, justiciary, and exchequer, are paid in that part of Great Britain called Scotland .* and whereas from the eticrease of the business in the raid courts as well as from the encreused expence of living, the said salaries, authorised to k paid to the judges thereof, nave become altogether inadequate; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority An additional of the same, That in addition to the salary at present payable to yearly salary the judge of the said court of admiralty in Scotland, there shall be

paid

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 50, 51. 61

paid and payable to him* and to his successors in office, the sum be paid to the

rf four hundred pounds sterling yearly; and in addition to the

salary at present paid to each of the judges of the said commissary ^alty in

court in Edinburgh, there shall be paid and payable to each of Scotland; and

Aem, and each of their successors in Office, the sum of one 150l.yearly, in

hmidred and fifty pounds yearly 5 both which additions to the addition to

salaries of the said judges of the court of admiralty in Scotland L*

and of the commissary court in Edinburghrespectively, shall paid to each

begin and be payable from the twenty-fourth day of June which of the judges

was in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and five, of the com-

and shall continue to be payable in all time thereafter in the same

fcrm and upon the same establishment as the salaries granted to

the said judges by the said in part recited act are thereby made

payable.

D. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Salaries to be additional salaries hereby granted, as well as the respective.salaries without

granted by the said recited act, shall be paid to the several persons d uc lon* entitled thereto, without any fee or other deduction whatsoever.

CAP. L.

As a for extending the annuity granted to Earl of St. Vincent, to the two next persons to whothtftte title of Viscount St. Vincent is limited. -{May3, 1806.]

JLsioty of two thousand pounds granted by act 38 Geo. 3. c. as. after Hedecease of John, Earl Saint Vincent, to go to the two next persons on, rkom the title of Viscount' Saint Vincent shall descend. Extended inanity to be secured and patdas the former.

CAP. li.

in act to repeal severed acts passed in the forty-third and forty-fourth years respectively of farpresent Majestjfs reign, for the raising and establishing an adjitiondl force for the defeiice of the' realm. 

[MaySS, 1806.]

c. 81.

WHEREAS an act passed in the forty-third year of the reign of Ins-present Majesty, intrtuJed, Axi act to enable his^M a- 43 joty more effectually to praise and assemble in ErigJsad&n additional ndUtaryifon^ fw 'the better defence and security of the UmtedKingdcmvaddfer thcoypre vigorous prosecution'of the war l and whereat another passed in the forty-third year, aforesaid, athukd, An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise 43 O. 3* c. 8j. 2nd assemble an additional military force in Scotland, for the better defence and securit y of the United kingdom, and tek the.mere vigorous prosecution of the tear: and whereas an act passed inti*jettyfoucth year of^ke reign of his present Majesty, 'intituled,

An acrfor establishing and 'maintaining a-permanfent additional 44 G. 3. c. 56. farorfor the defencewtbe realm, and to provide for augmenting Intifajesty's regular forces, and for the gradual redaction of the niWatA England and -whereas another act passed in.thsfofty-fmtkyeer aforesaid, intituled An act for establishing and Tnabi- 44 G-3-c*66* airing a permanent additional forte fer the defence of the realm.

Recited acts repealed, except the recovery ofar-

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 51. [1806.

and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's regular force and for the gradual reduction of the militia of Scotland; as, whereas it is expedient that the said acts should be repealed; may therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with 11 advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and; con mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authorii of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act the sa several acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save ar except as to the recovering and payment of any arrears of fin<

rears of fines, or any half parts or residues of any sums of money paid by or c

&c.

account of any person ballotted to serve in the militia, or d additional force raised or required to be raised under the said ac passed in the forty-third year aforesaid, remaining in the haxu of any clerks of subdivisions, or of any other person or persoi whatever, and also save and except as to the payment of d charges and expences of clerks and other persons required carry the said act into execution, and also as to all power authorities, provisions, penalties, and forfeitures relating the re* respectively.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend t miliesof men repeal any thing in the said acts of the forty-third year aforesaid recitedacteof conta*necUn relation to any relief to be granted to the wives 0 43 Geo. 3. not families of corporals or private men, raised and enrolled to sen* repealed. under the said acts of the forty-third year aforesaid; any thing m

Relief to the wives or fa-

this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Fines paid for

III. And be it further enacted, That, within one month afta

men not found the passing of this act, the several sums of money which shfll to be repaid, have acts Of the fprty-fourth year afprfr

said, into the bank of England, for and in respect of fity* foi men not found pursuant to the provisions of the said am which shall not have been repaid under the said acts. for mei'found after fines shall have accrued, shall be repaid to the treasurers in England, and, collectors of the cess in Scotland^of the respective counties, ridings, stewartriea* divisions, cities, towti9| <ri

Elaces having paid the same 3 and all sums of money which shafl ave been paid in respect Of any such fine*, by any such treasure! to any receiver-general in England, which shall not have; bees, paid into the Bank, shall, within fourteen days after the paasbu of this act, be repaid by such receivers-general in Expand tosuefl treasurers respectively; and the justices Of the peace* assembled at theif respective quarter-sessions of the peace next succeeditlg the passing of this act, shall and they are hereby required to cause the several sums of money so repaid to the respective, treasurers or collectors of the respective Counties, riding8, stewartrie$> divisions, cities, towns, or places, to be repaid to the overseen of the poor, or proper officers of the respective parishes* totrttfh tythings, and places, and united paries and ettraparochialphees* by which the same shall have been paid: provided alwaye*ti*t, in every case in which any uch justice* cannot repay or complete

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. 52.'63

lie regulations and make the proper orders for the repayment of ach money at such quarter-sessions, it shall be lawful for such ustices, or the major part of them so assembled, at any quarter-essioos, to appoint any three or more justices to order, direct, and apenntend the repayment of such fines; and the order of such ersans shall be binding on the treasurer or collector of the ountf, riding, stewartry, division, city, town, or place for which key mall be appointed to act, and shall be a sufficient discharge9him in his accounts.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all sums Application 0 repaid in England shall be carried to the account of the rates of money so iff, and be applied in the relief of, the poor of the parish, town- rePaid* hip, tjthing, or place, or united parishes, entitled thereto \ and A such sums so repaid in Scotland shall go and be applied towards he relief of families of militia men, or the payment of any fine or besdue 6t which hereafter may become due under any act re-bone to the militia, or to any such other purpose of or for the Dniaar place entitled thereto, as the justices of the peace assented at the respective quarter-sessions of th&peace.snail direct.

V. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered. Act may be auW, or repealed by any act or acts to made in this present Min of parliament.

CAP. LII.

Jkta to prevent the importation of slaves: by any f his Majesty's objects, into ary islands, colonies, plantations, or territories belong-mj U arty foreign sovereign, state, or power and also to render tort efectual a certain order, madefy Jus Majesty in council on the jjfknth dap of August one thousand eight kindred and five, for fMding the importation of slaves (except in certain cases), into mtfthe settlements, islands, colonies, or plantations on the continent y America, or in the West Indies, which have been surrendered tolm Majestfs arms during the presentwar; and to prevettt the jfaflbg tot ofjbretgn slave shipsfronfot\\\$hports.

An Act to prevent the Importation of Slaves, by any of His Majesty's Subjects, into any Islands, Colonies, Plantations or Territories belonging to any Foreign Sovereign, State, or Power; and also to render more effectual a certain Order, made by His Majesty in Council on the Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, for prohibiting the Importation of Slaves (except in certain Cases), into any of the Settlements, Islands, Colonies, or Plantations on the Continent of America, or in the West Indies, which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War; and to prevent the fitting out of Foreign Slave Ships from British Ports.

[May S3, 1806.]

pealed this session.

LEAS it'i* expedient to prevettt the supplying the islands, tebkes, and territories, belonging* to any foreign sovereign, ttoiir prwer, with slave* by or on account of any of Ins Majestfs sdpPrOt by means tf their ships, capital, or, credit; and to prevent bfikgtot of foreign slave ships from British ports* and whereas Recital of Ins order in council, bearing* date the fifteenth day of order in thousand eight hundred and five, was pleased to order, council, dated Tjt should aot. be lawful, except by special licence as therein l*9 l8- "rblMffir day slave or slavesx to be landed upon any of the coasts, or ifdtltor brought ittta any of the ports, harbours, creeks, or roads,

if* the limits, jurisdictions, and territories, of any of the settle* fvttt^idmds, colonies, or plantations M the continent of America, otr h Indies, which have been surrendered to his Majesty's arms br&gJhtpresent tvaf, <Mtilfurther order, upon pain that all slaves so ^vmte^brought contrary to the true intent and meaning of that order, tyffo+bh tie Vessels bringing in the same. Or from which the salt*

lzedby o should

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. t. 52. [-tUd

should be landed, and their cargoest should become forfeited to kit 'JV.

jesty, his heirs and successors; hut the said order recited, that it tni4 be expedient to permit the annual'introduction of a limited nuptbei slaves under due regulations, for the purpose of suppiping akff am that should take place in the population on particular estates, from J traordinary or unavoidable cateses, and thereby of keeping tip the tivation of the lands already cleared and Cultivated; and it waslth fore further ordered, that any number of slaves, not exceeding tA every hundred of the whole number of slaves in the said settit islands, colonies, and plantations respectively (returns whereof i be made from time'to time, in pursuance of instructions to bt mitted by one of his MAieshfs principal secretaries of state), migk imported in each year (provided casualties to that extent should ap to have taken place in the preceding year), under licences 'to Be viously granted by the governor, lieutenant-governor, or officer a nistering the government of the said settlement!, islands, colonies, plantations, from any otker of his Majesty's colonics in the Wed t 111 ' into the said settlements, islands, colonies, and plantations; suck H or a copy thereof, to be produced by the master of the ship oh^<such slaves are laden, as Ins authority for having slaves on board i Stined to the said settlements, islands, colonies, and plantations Tjf

- always, that until the first day of January one thousand eight_

and seven, such limited importation might be made from other places t his Majesty's colonies in the West Indies as aforesaid, add with being necessary for the master of the vessel, if met with at sea, to j the said licence, or a copy thereof, as his authority for having destined as aforesaid on board, btit subject, nevertheless to such being first had and obtained as aforesaid, before any slaves should, b mitted to be landed or sold from such vessel in any of the said settles and, after further reciting that special instructions would be immi transmitted by one of his Majesty's principal secretaries, of state governors, lieutenant-governor or officers administering tkegi merit of the said coloti ies, settlements, and plantations respectively, ( taining the regulations proper for carrying, that order into .^ - execution, directing and empowering them to grant licences importation of such lUmtetforumber of slaves as aforesaid^ iubjttfi regtdationsas in the said instructions woutd be provided, ifkaas i declared to be his Majesty's further order\ that suck governor, Hcut governor, or other officer as aforesaid'. Should be\ and they thereby*respectively authorised and empowered togroHt suck licences, \

Temps and Conditions, \and subject to such regulations as, iitt to and in furtherance of the' object of stick'instructions, time to tune be required: and it was thereby further orderei prohibition therein-before contained shotdd not extend to pi importing or landing of any slaves winch should be imported iht& % said colonies, islands, dud plantations, by licence first had for'potting the same, under the hand and seed of kis Majestffs gotten or lieutenant-governor, or officer administering the goverrnfddP'i 'the colony, settlement SfOt plantations into which said slaves d/tidi imported, specifying the ship 'or vessel permitted TO import the tlb* iu confkrmity with the instructions to be'riorivtd from ode if W

Majestyi

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 52.

Majtshfs principal secretaries of state as aforesaid, but that all slaves, okfpt such slaves as may form part of the crew of any vessels, or may be household servants to the passengers therein, which should be Undid without such licence as aforesaid, and without conforming to :h regulations as should be contained therein, should, together with the vessels bringing the same, or from which the same should be landed, as their cargoes, become forfeited to his Majesty, // heirs and ccessors; aW / ai/r vessel should contain more slaves than the timber permitted to be imported in such vessel by any such licence or i cnees, such number of the most valuable of the slaves on board such Mid (other than such slaves as might form part of the crew of ark vessel, or might be household servants to the passengers) as should k tyuol to the excess beyond the number mentioned in such licence or bonce/, should be forfeited to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, cni should be selected and disposed of in such manner as might be in that: ijlfdirected by arty instructions from one of his Majesty's principal ryCaries of state, to be given to the respective governors, lieutenant-"/.frtfors, or other officers administering the government of such hues, settlements, and plantations as aforesaid: and it was thereby artixr ordered and provided, that nothing the rein-contained should be or construed to extend to the landing, importing, or bringing in jsxf slave or slaves from or by any vessel which by stress of weather c/hj any other peril should be driven on the coast of any such colonies, -elements, or plantations, or compelled to take refuge on such coast, ar vithin the creeks and harbours of such colonies, settlements, or.y.ijtuns, provided the slave or slaves which should be so imported, or brought in as last aforesaid, should be exported to some place -faces, other than any of the colonies, settlements, or plantations to vmch the said order applied, within ten days from the importation, aiding, or bringing in of the same, unless further detained by stress of ctalker, or provided the same should within such ten days be sold C'der the special licence of the governor, lieutenant-governor, or ficer administering the government of the colony, settlement, or plantation where such slaves might be, to such person or persons as wder the circumstances of his, her, or their cases (which circumstance cjld be inserted in such special licence) might at the date thereof be Milled to obtain a licence or licences to import such number of slaves u he, she, or they should in and by such special licence or licences be rmitted to purchase: and it was thereby further ordered and declared,

- cue-third of every forfeiture which should accrue in consequence 7: kat order to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, should be granted A the governor, lieutenant-governor, or officer administering the go-wnment of the colony, and one-third to the party who should inform tnd prosecute the sameand whereas it is expedient that the prohibition untamed in the said order of council should be enforced and rendered mart effectual by such auxiliary regulations and remedies as the authority of his Majesty in council was insufficient to provide; may it -iierefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it nacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the tdrice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and common!, in this present parliament assembled, and bvthe authority VouXLVl, f

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c.^2.

of the same, That, from and after the first day of January thousand eight hundred and seven, it shall not be lawful to eXpcH transport, carry, convey, or send any slave or slaves (except From Jan i sP5c'a^ cass as are herein after excepted) from any part J

1807, slaves* Majesty's dominions, to any island, settlement, colony, pid not to be ex- tation, territory, or place whatever, belonging to and under t Por^d/r0m, dominion of any foreign sovereign, state, or power, the provieib domimons^to certa*n acts parliament made for establishing certain fr foreign colo- ports in the West Indies, or any other statute, law, or usage to t nies or terri- contrary notwithstanding; and if any slave or slaves shall, fits terieg. and after the day aforesaid, be so unlawfully exported, trar

ported, carried, conveyed, or sent, or shall be embarked, put j board, or transhipped at or from any part of his Majesty dominions with intent to be so unlawfully exported, transport* carried, conveyed, or sent, all and every such slave or start together with every ship or vessel in which the same shall be"1 exported, transported, carried, conveyed, sent, embarked, put i board, or transhipped, together with all her boats, guns, tackj apparel, and furniture, shall be forfeited, and shall and may seized and prosecuted as herein after is mentioned and provided Prohibition of U. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesal byBritLh 'VC# That, from and after the said first day of January one thoUsai subjects resi- eight hundred and seven, it shall not be lawful to or for wt dent in his of his Majesty's subjects, or any person or persons reside Majesty's do- within this United Kingdom, or any of the islands, colonfe Africa or else-dominions, or territories thereto belonging, to export, transput where to so- carry, convey, or send, or cause or procure to be exported, tram reign colonies ported, carried, conveyed, or sent, or in any manner to aid, abj* gr territories. or assist in, the exporting, transporting, carrying, conveying^!

sending any slave or slaves from Africa Or elsewhere (excq from his Majesty's West India islands, in such special cases &s4b herein after expressly excepted and provided for) to any Islam settlement, colony, plantation, territory, or place whatever, b longing to and under the dominion of any foreign sovereign, staff or power, or to 9hip, embark, tranship, or put on board, or cam or procure so be embarked, shipped, transhipped, or put on boan or to aid, abet, or assist in the embarking, shipping, transhipping or putting on board any ship or vessel whatever, at Africa or else where, any slave or slaves (except as aforesaid) with the intent t the exporting, transporting, carrying, conveying, or sending tb same to any such foreign island, settlement, colony, plantation % or territory or place \ and if any slave or slaves shall be so un

lawfully exported, transported, carried, conveyed, or sent 0 embarked, shipped, transhipped, or put on board with sud unlawful intent as aforesaid, all and every such slave or slaves, am every ship or vessel in which the same shall bev so Unlawful!] exported, transported, carried, conveyed, or sent, v ofr embarked shipped, transhipped, or put oh board, together with all tei boats, guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, SO* f&t bs ainioof hu Majesty's subjects, or any person or persons resident'aft arorewidj have or hath any^propertyi or interest sbalibeconic

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 5a. 67

infeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted as herein after is mentioned and provided.

\&BL And be it further enacted, That if any slave or slaves shall Penald?8 for; ie landed upon any of the coasts, or imported or brought into gj^vetcon-jny of the ports, harbours, creeks, or roads, or within the limits, trary to order jurisdictions, and territories of any of the settlements, islands, in council, colonies, or plantations on the continent of America, or in the1* a*yWat Indies, which have been surrendered to his Majesty's arms America*or during the present war, without such special licence for landing, the West In* importing, and bringing the same, as in and by the said order in dies which council is mentioned, having been previously obtained, contrary !javcHsarr5n" the prohibitions contained in the said order, all and every such Majesty's # or slaves, together with the ship or vessel by or from which arms during same shall be so landed, imported, or brought, and all her the present'guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall become forfeited, war* shall and may be seized, forfeited, and prosecuted as herein after is mentioned and provided.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalties for any slave or slaves shall be exported from or embarked, shipped,

ttmripped, or taken on board any ship or vessel whatever, at on board at*.iSF island, settlement, colony, plantation, or territory under the British ports, chamion of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or shall be ex- * in British rted from or embarked, shipped, transhipped, or taken on board gelfor on*Bri-: Africa, or on the coast thereof, or elsewhere, in any British tish'account, or vessel, or any ship or vessel owned or employed in whole in Africa or 1 part by any of his Majesty's subjects, or for or on account elsewhere, iv of his Majesty's subjects, in order and with intent to be ran sported, carried, or conveyed to any or either of the said settle- port into any: n: s, islands, colonies, or plantations on the continent of America, such settle- the West Indies, which have been surrendered to his Ma- jnent, &c.coo-; /$ arms during the present war, and to be there imported or in council.^iinded, without such special licence as aforesaid, contrary to the order in council, all and every such slave and slaves, together: h every ship or vessel in or by which the same shall be so rted, embarked, shipped, transhipped, or taken on board, and.her boats, guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall become: r-ited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted as herein- r is mentioned and provided: provided always, that nothing His Majesty this act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to orldeiTn: \;: t his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from reyoking, C0Uncil. mulling, varying, or altering the said order in council, or any of it regulations or instructions in regard to special licences therein v ruined, mentioned, or referred to, as to his royal wisdom shall run time to timp, during the continuance of the present war,

-vm meet. ., _ 1 r

V. And be it further enacted, That if any of his Majesty's or

objects, or any person or persons resident within this United importing Kingdom* or any of the islands, colonies* dominions, or terri-slaves con-

nes belonging, to, or in the possession of his Majesty, his heirs or trary >utcessors, shall unlawfully land, import, send, transport* carry, JjJ1JhiVact^r coarey, embark, ship, tranship, or put or take ou board, or cause of the order

F 2 or in council.

<8

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III.[1806.

dr procure to be landed, imported, exported, sent, transported, carried, conveyed, embarked, shipped^ transhipped^ or put or taken on board, or shall be aiding, abetting, or assisting id landing, importing, exporting, sending, transporting, carrying conveying, embarking, shipping, transhipping, or puttingtaking on board atiy slave or slaves, contrary to any of tm, prohibitions in the said order in council, or in this act contain^ every such person or persons, so offending, shall respectful forfeit and pay for each and every slave so unlawfully landed imported, exported, sent, transported, carried, conveyed, en* barked, shipped, transhipped, or put or taken on board, the sutt thS^peril of" *7 Pounds lawful money of Great Britain: provided alwaj# the seaT that no peiiaky or forfeiture shall be incurred by any landing*4 importing, or transhipping or carrying of any slave or sla.contrary to the said order in council, or to this act, when it be clearly proved to the satisfaction of the court, before v^any such forfeiture or any suit for any such penalty shall be ptti secuted, that the prohibited act entirely arose trom stress cl weather, peril of the sea, or other inevitable accident, the buryblf of which proof shall in all cases lie on the claimant or defendant Not to extend provided also, that nothing in this act shall extend to prevent to convicts transportation to any foreign colony or place of any slave or foreign coun- t^iat shall have been convicted by due course of law, ii

tries.

Pr even tin; British sul jects employ

British island or colony, of any cnme to which the punis! of transportation is or shall be annexed by the law of such is or colony, but in every such case a copy of the judgement ft sentence, certified by the court before which the offender v# convicted, shall be put on board in the ship or vessel in which ttj such convict shall be transported.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the i first day of January one thousand eight hundred and seven, it

ing their ships, not be lawful to or for any of his Majesty's subjects* or to or I

capital, or credit in foreign slave-trade.

any person or persons resident in this United Kingdom, or in; of the colonies, territories, or dominions thereto belonging, invest or employ any sum or sums of money, or anyahip or \ goods or effects to him or them belonging, in trading in or carry$ slaves from Africa or elsewhere, to any settlement, island, colon# plantation, territory, or place belonging to and under the don ' of any foreign sovereign, state, or power, or to any of the \ settlements, islands, colonies, or plantations which have beef surrendered to his Majesty's arms during the present war, (efccsyl such limited and licensed trade to the latter as is by the mi order in council and by this present act allowed), pr knowingly# wilfully to lend or adyahee any sum or sums of money, or m become security in any manner for the loan or advance of any sea or sums of money, goods or effects* Tor the purpose

" employed or used in any such tradfc or carriage of slaves, ettotf as aforesaid, or to become guarantee or security for any factor*! agent to be employed in the^le of slaves in br for the fcto d supply of any such foreign settlement, island, fcdony, plafibtitofl territory, or place, dr (except such limited and licensed trade s

aforesaid

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 52. 69

dbraaid) in or for the use or supply of any of the said settlements, islands, colonies, or plantations which have been sur-ROtaed to his Majesty's arms during the present war, or other-vise to engage as a partner, factor, agent, or otherwise, directly or hfrcctly, in the supplying with slaves any such foreign island, ttjpny, territory, or place, or any of the said settlements, islands, gfopes, or plantations which have been surrendered to his Ma-juifiinns during the present war, except as before excepted, upon jprtfaat every person or persons who shall knowingly or wilfully ioemploy any ship or vessel, goods or effects, or so invest, employ,

M advance, or secure any sum or sums of money for any of the Aiposes aforesaid, or become guarantee or security for any such jgettror agent as aforesaid, or otherwise to engage as partner, foetor, agent, or otherwise, in supplying slaves as aforesaid jjmingrr and wilfully, contrary to the true intent and meaning of JfcpKraoition, shall forfeit or pay for every such offence double ig| value of all the money, ships, vessels, goods, and effects so, by Sptrthem employed, lent, advanced, or secured, to be recovered Implied as is herein after mentioned and provided; and every rapge, bond, bill, note, or other security made or given for shearing the payment of any such unlawful loan or advance, or kmj other the yijlawful purposes aforesaid, shall be absolutely sdland void, except in the case of a bona fide purchaser or holder dmj such of fte said securities as are in their nature negociable, ria may have purchased or obtained the same, without notice the the same were made or given for or in consideration of any of the unlawful purposes aforesaid).

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said of?nsurance nr>t day of January one thousand eight hundred and seven, if any on foreign or of his Majesty's subjects, or any person or persons resident within unlicensed this' United Kingdom, or within any of the islands, colonies, slave trade, fominions, or territories thereunto belonging, shall knowingly and wilfully insure, qr cause or procure to be insured, any ship, slave?;, goods, or commodities whatsoever, employed or to \* employed in the trading in or carrying of slaves from Africa or elsewhere, to any island, colony, territory, or place belonging tp mmer tile dominion of any foreign sovereign or state, or to any ||f tk said settlements, islands, colonies, or plantations, which*!ekeen surrendered to his Majesty's arms during the present ^except such limited and licensed trade to the latter as is by'order in council and this present act allowed), any person $0 insuring, or causing or procuring any such insurance t, shall forfeit and pay f<y every such offence the sum of red pounds; and every such insurance shall be absolutely

fjMroid.^.

And be it further enacted, That, from and after the jrffipyt (Jay of January one thousand eight hundred and seven, if ing slaves to iWfqt belawfiil for any British $hip or vessel, or for her boats, foreign ships ttfiftlR, Or mariners, to be employed, used, or engaged, in or it or factories on on any part of the coast thereof, directly or indirectly,

With sj*ve$ any foreign ship or vessel, or factory,

7o

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 51. [1806.

whatsoever or wheresoever, or any person concerned for or account of any foreign ship or vessel or factory, ot for or c account of any island, colony, plantation, or territory belortgir to or under the dominion of any foreign sovereign, state or powe and every such ship or vessel which shall be so employed, engage or used, or the boats, officers, or mariners whereof, by and vni the consent and approbation or direction of the owners thereo shall be so employed, engaged, or used contrary to the true inte and meaning of his act, shall, with all her boats, guns, fumitUT ammunition, tackle, and apparel, be forfeited, and shall and m; be seized and prosecuted as is herein after mentioned and pr vided; and the master or other person having dr taking the char] and command of such ship or vessel shall forfeit and pay the su of one hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain. Foreign ships

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the e

employed^6 P*011 one calendar month, to be computed from the time

equipped in any port of the United Kingdom.

Penalties.

the slave trade passing of this act, it shall not be lawful for any foreign sh

shall not be or vessel employed or intended to be employed in the Afric< slave trade, to be fitted out, equipped, manned, or dispatched or from any port of this United Kingdom, or any other part of Majesty's dominions, for a voyage to Africa, whether that be t! place of immediate destination, or such ship or vessel before pr ceeding thither is destined to touch at some other port or plad nor shall it be lawful for any of his Majesty's subjects, or m other person or persons whatsoever, to ship, lade, or put oil boat in any foreign ship or vessel when destined directly or indirect to Africa, at any port in this United Kingdom, or any other pji of his Majesty's dominions, any goods, wares, merchandize, commodities whatsoever, with intent that the same shall be carni to Africa, to be there bartered for slaves, or otherwise employ in the African slave trade; and if any such foreign ship or vesi shall be so unlawfully fitted out, equipped, manned, or dispatche or if any goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities shall be unlawfully shipped, laden, or put on board in any such ship vessel with such intent as aforesaid, at any port of his Majest dominions, such ship or vessel, with all her boats, guns, tack apparel, and furniture, and all the goods, wares, merchandiz and commodities so shipped* laden, or put on board, shall be fc feited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted as herein-aft is mentioned and provided; and if any of his Majesty's subject or any person or persons resident within his Majesty's dominion shall Knowingly and wilfully fit out, equip, man, or dispatch at such foreign ship or vessel forihe purposes aforesaid, or knowing and wilfully furnish the same with any goods, wares, merchandiz or commoaities as aforesaid, with the intent and for the purpo* aforesaid, or be knowingly and wilfully aiding, abetting, ( assisting in any such offence, every person or persons so offendind aiding, abetting, or assisting, shall forfeit and pay for every sue offence the sum of one hundred pounds; and every ship or ves$< shall be deemed and taken to be a foreign ship or vessel for th purposes aforesaid, although owned in whole or in part by Britiai

subject!

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 51. y i

Ejects, which shall not be registered, navigated, and cleared out in such manner as to entitle her to import slaves into a British c<y tony, according to the laws of navigation, and to an act made in die thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for better regulating the manner of carrying slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for Slave'ship, oo uiy ship or vessel clearing out from any British port after the said clearing out. Erst day of January one thousand eight hundred and seven, to notuTtrad^; ort, transport, carry, or convey any slave or slaves from jn|aveft to, or the coast thereof, to the islands, colonies, plantations, foreign ports, armories belonging to or under the dominion of his Majesty, the owner, master, or other person having the charge of diip or vessel shall, on her clearing out from Great Britain, ionie one of the said islands, colonies, plantations, or territo- I for Africa or the coast thereof, have certified to the collector principal officer of the customs at the port of clearance, that intent of the voyage is to take in, and to transport, carry and aey slaves from Africa and the coast thereof to the islands, kics, plantations, and territories only belonging to or under ti3dominion of his Majesty, and shall have entered into a bond, ae penal sum of one thousand pounds, with one or more good ni sufficient sureties, to the commissioners of the customs in hid*!) or to the chief officer of the customs in other ports re-:: ively, with condition that such ship or vessel shall proceed iiam the coast of Africa to some port or place in some island, ny, plantation, or territory belonging to and under the domi-n of his Majesty, and that no slave or slaves which shall be.ion board the said ship or vessel in Africa, or on the coast hereof, shall be landed or disposed of in any port or place in any nd, colony, plantation, or territory belonging to or under the j.inion of ^ny foreign sovereign^ state, or power, or (exceptuch licence as aforesaid) in any of the aforesaid settlements,

Ms, colonies, or plantations which have been surrendered to Majesty's arms during the present war, nor shall on any pret ce whatsoever be sold or disposed of to the ships or vessels of r.y foreign sovereign, state, or power, or to any person whatever r.cemed for or on account of the same, or directly or indirectly jpplying the same with slaves, either on the coast of Africa, the high seas, or any port, harbour, or place wheresoever situ-1 i and the said bond shall not be void and discharged until the bit and faithful performance of all and every the several condi-: ni therein contained shall have been proved or ascertained by production of the ship's log-book and the surgeon's journal duly verified, and also by a certificate or certificates from the chief officer of the customs of each and every port or place in the islands, colonies, plantations, Qr territories belonging to or uder the dominion of his Majesty, where the said ship or vessel shall have touched, setting forth that the several injunctions here-contained have been duly complied with: Provided always,

7*

nies, ships to report and

declare.

always, that the said bond shall be void if not prosecuted with*, three years after the return of the said ship or vessel. via

on XI. lt ^ur^'er enacted, That When and as often1j

BriSshcSo^ anF British ship or vessel Which shall have cleared out ftomi British port after the day last aforesaid, and which shall, d- the voyage in which she was engaged, have transported, or conveyed any slaves from Africa, or the coast thereoff arrive at any port or place, in any island, colony, plantation territory belonging to or under the dominion of his Majesty, master, or other person having the charge or command of ii ship or vessel, shall immediately repair to the custom-house4 nearest to the port or place where ne shall arrive, and there g[ in a written account, to the collector or chief officer of the \4 toms, of the total number of slaves which he brought inhe^ ship or vessel from Africa, or the coast thereof, and shall ded that since his departure from thence he hath not caused unshipped or landed, or sold or disposed of, any slave or slar any island, colony, plantation, or territory belonging to or the dominion of any foreign sovereign or^state, or into any a vessel at sea^or otherwise, and shall confirm such declaratk the production of the ship's log-book and surgeon's journal, also by producing the surgeon and chief mate of such vessel, if living, and on board the same, or if otherwise, <he*i two next officers in point of station on board, tod>e examin the said collector or chief officer on oath (which oath the collector or chief officer is hereby authorised and required minister), touching the truth and fairness of the said account; 1

XII. And whereas it may frequently happen that the sloven hr* in any ship or vessel from Africa, or the coast thereof or some rfti may nop be sold at the first port or place at which the ship or vessel 'll arrive in any island^ colony, plantation, or territory belonging On proceed- under the dominion of his Majesty, be it therefore further enac ofgdavesTor That any such ship or vessel, the whole cargo of which shall part thereof, have been disposed of at the port at which she shall first i to any other in the said islands, colonies, plantations, or territories beloi S^unt^>o?8, to or un(*er dominion of his Majesty, from Africa or the < slaves to be thereof, shall be permitted to proceed wish her slaves, or thei taken, and mainder thereof, to such other port or place, ports or plae certificates to within any of the islands, colonies, plantations, or territories Ml be given. longing to or under the dominion of his Majesty, into whU|fi slaves from Africa may be lawfully imported, as the master df1 other person having or taking the charge or command of stow ship or vessel shall think fit: Provided always, that-atover* port or ports where any slave or slaves shall be unshipped landed, the master or other person having or taking the con\maA of such ship shall take from the collector or other chief officer w the customs, a certificate of the number of slaves which IW1 have been so unshipped and landed out of his ship or vesad^  she said port pr place j which certificate, with thb account of tifr original number brought from Africa> or the coast thereof,

al

75

ifo&l Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 52.

ii an account of the number remaining on board, and the jour-ul of the surgeon of the said ship or vessel, expressing the num-[tosHtam who shall have died during the said voyage, shall be Mtfteid Blaster, or other person having or taking the charge or

nmand of such ship or vessel, exhibited to the collector or chief (.ficcrof the customs of every other port or place in the said viands, colonies, plantations, or territories belonging to or under As dominion of his Majesty, at which such ship or vessel shall Asvmh touch; and the collector or chief officer of the cus* m of such other port or place, ports or places, shall and he is hereby required, to compare the said accounts 5 and if there U appear to be any deficiency in the number of slaves which vdi master, or person having or taking the charge or command d wch ship or vessel, shall not be able lawfully to account for*

nsuch master or other person shall forfeit the sum of fifty poands for every slave which shall be so found deficient and uncounted for: Providedalways, that no such ship or vessel shall traaaort or carry away from any such port or place, on pain of kdetoreof ship and cargo as aforesaid, any other slave or slaves tlmioch as shall have been entered, as part of her cargo from \

Ajr^y or the coast thereof, in t!: same voyage.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Slaves not to

t \* tew of January one thousand eight hundred and seven, no 5 exported 11 u 1 c- from one Bn-

pffun shall embark, ship, export, or carry upon the seas, any tjgj, coiony to

ifaie or slaves from any island, colony, plantation or territory another, till Waging to or under the dominion of his Majesty, to any other licence ob-h colony, plantation, or territory belonging to or under the fcajaion of his Majesty, in any ship or vessel whatever (except nor to carry u before mentioned, in British ships, from Africa or the coast them to dfreof), until the owner or exporter thereof snail make appiica- foreign ports. m in writing to the governor of the said island, colony, plantain, or territory, or to the collector or chief officer of the cus-if the port from whence it shall be intended to export or embark the said slave or slaves, which said application shall nprewthe number and quality of the slaves he shall be desirous ?iport, transport, carry, or convey, and the place to which he n-irs to carry them (such place being alwaVs some island, pokay, plantation, or territory belonging to or under the domi-n of his Majesty, into which such slaves may be lawfully l-y>rted without any special licence, or else some or one of the tod settlements, islands, colonies, or plantations which have rendered to his Majesty's arms during the present war, for ^rting the said slaves into which some such special licence as st'wesaid shall have been obtained), and until such owner or tsforter shall obtain a licence in writing for the exportation of iwh slaves from such island, colony, territory, or plantation uch application is made, specifying the place of desti-rion; which licence under his hand and seal the said governor, vammt, or chief officer, is hereby authorized and required to W previous thereto every such owner or exporter shall give bond to his Majesty, his heirs and succes^ony in a penal

sum equal to the sum of fifty pounds lawful money of Grea Britain for every slave so to be carried, and deliver the same the said governor, or the collector or chief officer of the custom of the port or place from which such slave or slaves shall be cai ried, the condition of which bond shall be, that the said 0vme or proprietor shall faithfully and truly land or deliver the Ml

slaves at the place to which he shall be so authorised to expft

' 1 m

br convey the same, and shall, within a time to be in the condition limited, having respect therein to the ordinary lengj of the said intended voyage, produce a certificate from the elf lector or chief officer of the customs of the port orplacej^ which the said, slave or slaves shall be so permitted to bef[ ported or conveyed, or, in case there be in that place no coU for or chief officer of the customs, from two of the most tig nent British merchants or inhabitants, certifying that the 0) slave or slaves shall have been landed and left in the said potty place, death or other inevitable impediment, to be proved by fi of two credible witnesses, excepted; and if any such slave.; slaves so exported shall not be so landed and left accordifl^, the condition of any such bond, or such certificate as aforeti

shall not be duly returned, the said bond shall become forfdtt r n.and the said governor, or collector, or chief officer, may cauti

same to be put in suit, and the said owner or exporter shallop be relieved from the penalty thereof but on payment of the g of fifty pounds lawful money aforesaid, for every slave no^{ landed or left, or not so certified to have been landed and left} aforesaid, nor shall the party be thereby discharged from # penalty or forfeiture incurred by the sending or conveying q slaves tb any foreign territory or place contrary to the prola tion in this act, or the said order in council contained; rrovij always, that the said bonds shalf be void, unless prosectM Not to extend within three years from the date thereof: Provided also, t) to negro nothing herein contained shall prevent or be construed to

f^hermc^ vent an7 8*ave ^rom employed either in navigation, fishti

or to dom s or an? ot^er ordinary business or occupation upon the 83 Sc^laves aS" Provided also, that nothing in this act contained shall extend, tending their be construed to extend, to prevent any slave who shall be tea masters to sea and truly the domestick servant of any person residing in a f  colony, plantation, or territory belonging to or under t

oreign parts, q his Majesty, from attending such his owner

master, or any part of his family, by sea to any place whatev whether under the dominion of his Majesty or of any ford sovereign, state, or power; but if any slave or slaves employee navigation, or any fishermen or domestic slave or slaves snal so employed, embarked, or carried in any ship or vessel (H voyage from any British island or colony to any foreign coloi plantation, or territory, or to any other British island or col# or to any of the said settlements, islands, colonies, or plantadei which have been surrendered to his Majesty's arms during

present war, the names and occupations of every such slave j

layes attend*

slaves (except domestic slayes attending on the person of a

passenj

75

assenger or passengers on board, not exceeding in number two uch slaves for every passenger on board) shall be inserted in or idorsed upon the clearance or permit to depart of such ship or e$c*l, by or in the presence of the collector, comptroller, or other hies officer of the customs of the port or place from which such hip or vessel shall clear outwards on any such voyage, who shall nrhout fee or reward certify under his hand that the slave or ves so embarked or carried were reported and described to ih as seamen, fishermen, or domestic servants, as the case may; and if any slave or slaves shall be found on board any ship or reisel, bound on any such voyage as aforesaid, whose name and scription, names and descriptions, shall not be inserted in or >ed upon the clearance or permit, and certified as aforesaid

: pt as aforesaid), or who shall be untruly or fraudulently ?r-in or thereupon described, with intent to violate or elude oithe prohibitions or regulations in this act contained, all and every such slave or slaves? shall be forfeited, and shall and may be v.; .?ed; md prosecuted as herein after is mentioned and provided;

the master or other person having the charge of such ship or /'t

d ta which the same shall be so embarked and carried with-.such certificate as aforesaid, and the owner, master, or other.'

person by whom or by whose procurement such slave or slaves be so untruly and fraudulently described with such intent r.5 aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds lawful money aforesaid for every such slave or slaves, to be recovered and applied as herein after is mentioned and pro-t !?d; Provided also, that nothing in this act contained shall be nor to 8]aveg < r, trued or taken to prevent any slave or slaves from being put employed in hoard any ship or vessel by the order of his Majesty's com- any naval or minder in chief, either by sea or land, in any island, colony, notary ser-t: tion, or territory belonging to, or under the dominion of Majesty, in order to be employed in his Majesty's military or rural service, and from being by such order so employed, howsoever or wheresoever the said service may require; any thing reinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the granting of Functions of licences, and every other act which the governor of any island, governors

ny, plantation, or territory belonging to or under the domi- 2sed by^ok"

/ n of his Majesty, is by this act directed or authorized to do vemors pro ct perform, may be lawfully done or performed by the person or tempore. petsori executing pro tempore the office or function of governor of any such island, colony, plantation, or territory, by authority from his Majesty, whether under the style and title of governor, iterant-governor, president of the council, or under any other style or title whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if at any time hereafter ^n!der?d dur the said settlements, islands, colonies, or plantations on the con-; ng the war, tinent of America, or in the West Indies, which have been sur- if reconquered

1 rt i to his Majesty's arms during the present war, or any or or restored, to her of them, shall be reconquered by any of his Majesty's ene-

doll, pursuant to any future trea^ oljpg^j^her- {, the pur-

o wise, poses or thii

wise, cease to be under the dominion or in the possession of set Majesty, his heirs or successors, then and from thenceforth J& said settlements, islands, colonies, or plantations, or them as shall be so reconquered, or pass from his Btfa[ dominion and possession, shall, for all the purposes of this be deemed and taken to be settlements, islands, col plantations belonging to and under the dominion of a f< sovereign, state, or power, as fully as if they had been that description at the time of passing this act.

Persons tak-

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afoi to^incur the18 ^at 1^ an7 Person taking any oath by this act authorised p^nsof per- ^w^ed to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful perjury, or jury. person shall unlawfully procure or suborn any person to

any oath by this act authorised or required to be taken, wf such person shall commit wilful perjury, every such p^rsoflkj incur and suffer the like pains and penalties as are by I; flicted upon persons committing wilful and corrupt perj subornation of perjury respectively.

How penalties

XVII. And be it further enacted, Tfyat the several pe< may be re^ penalties or forfeitures imposed and inflicted by this ac* Splied.*" order in council, shall and may be sued for, prpi

and recovered in any court of record in Great Brit can y or court of record or vice-admiralty in any part of his ' - " dominions wherein the offence was committed, or in offender shall be resident in any other place, then in any his Majesty's dominions wherein such offender may be and that in all cases of seizures of any ships, vessels, slaves* _ or effects for any forfeiture under this act, or under the order in council, the same shall and may respectively be sued prosecuted, and recovered in any court of record in Great tain) or in any court of record or viceMftdmiralty in any pa his Majesty's dominions in or nearest to which such seizure# be made, or to which such ships or vessels, siayes, gc effects (if seized at sea, or without the limits of any jurisdiction) may most conveniently be carried for trial j and the said penalties and forfeitures, whether pecuniary Qr spejtf shall go and belong to such person and persons, in such dti and proportions, and shall and may be sued for and pro^ecul tried, recovered, distributed, and applied in such and the M manner, and by the same ways and means, and subject |q same rules and directions as any penalties or forfeitures incurl in Great Britain and in the British colonies or plantations in A % \ jrica respectively, by force of any act of parliament relating to fj trade and revenues of the said British colonies or plantationr Americo, now go and belong to, and may now be suwl for, pixu cuted, tried, recovered, distributed, and applied respective^ Great Britain, or in the said colonies or plantations respective under and by virtue of a certain act of parliament made an# fourth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for gra*tit certain duties.in Mi British colonies and plantations in America*j I continuing) amending, and making perpetual an act passed in th? Am

#1

reign of his Ute majesty King George the Second, intituled*

A ectfir the better securing and encouraging the trade of his Men.

rsligar colonies in America) fit applying the produce if stuck ygei of the duties to arise by virtue of the said act, towards de-18* expencts tf defending, protecting, and securing the said t and plantations, for explaining an act made in the twenty-fifth r^fat reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled An act for-oMTogement of the Greenland and Eastland trades, and for the r securing the plantation trade), and for altering and disallowing f drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more effectually the clandestine conveyance of goods to and from the said co-r mdplantations, and improving and securing the trade between r and Great Britain.*

And be it further enacted, That all ships and vessels# By whom.goods, and effects that shall of may become forfeited for ships may be Siifence committed against this act, or against the said order seize<* on!, shall and may be seized by arty officer of his Majesty's P*or excise, or by the commanders or officers of any of hit ships or vessels of war, who, in making and prosecuting seizures, shall have the benefit of all the provisions made id act of the fourth year of his present Majesty, or any of parliament for the protection of officers seizing and for any offence against the said act, or any other act rnt relating to the trade and revenues of the British or plantations in America.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, General issue tf any action or suit shall be commenced either in Great Bri- m*y be or elsewhere, against any person or persons for any thing Plead^d. tin pursuance of this act, or of the said order in council# the briant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the ge-i issue, and give this act or the said order in council as herein pod, and the special manner in evidence at any trial to be had tupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Entity of this act, or of the said order in council; and if it i appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for die defat or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited or (ttatinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have [eued, or if judgment shall be given upon any verdict or inner against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall wer treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as faants have in other cases by law.

CAP. LIII.

BHit fir indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advise ing* iftwngy or carrying into execution any order or orders fit I 'feMfting the importation and exportation of certain goods and rfafa; in foreign bottoms y into and out bf fas Majesty's West-pMkirfair, and the colonies, settlements, and territories, which Mfafaf conquered by Ids Majesty's arms^M^y 23, 1806.]

3yfffaK*AS by an act passed in the twelfth year tf the reign of ^lislate majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, A# act for2J^ar' 2*encouraging and increasing of shippin^9iMb^andc'1

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 5$.

[1806.

by other acts of parliament nano in force, no goods or commodities \ soever can be imported into, or exported out of any lands, id plantations, or territories to his Majesty belonging, or in his Ma^ possession, or which may hereafter belong unto or be in the posses# his Majesty, Ms heirs and successors, in Asia, Africa, or / in any other ship or sMps, vessel or vessels whatsoever, but in j skips or vessels qs do truly and without fraud belong only to the f of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or of any ] territories thereof, in the manner, and subject to the exceptions t gulations, in the said acts respectively contained: But whereas, 4] withstanding the said acts, certain of his Majestfs governors arf tenant-governors of the islands in the W est Indies, and of the i' settlements, and territories which have been conquered by his'arms, or persons acting as such, have found themselves necessity of opening, with the advice of their respective coun ports of the said islands for a limited time, for the importation; tain articles necessary for the supply of the said islands, colonies tnents, and territories, in foreign bottoms, and in like manner i exportation of certain articles, the produce of the said islands, settlements, dnd territories, in return for the same: And whereas I importation and exportation as aforesaid are contrary to the said*parliament, but being permitted from the necessity of the occasm. same ought to be justified by an act of parliament, and rendered I and of due force in law, and all persons advising or issuing any I or permission of any of the said governors or lieutenant-govem the said islands, colonies, settlements, or territories, or persons \ as such, ought to be respectively justified; be it therefore enact governors of the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advic the West- consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the t That the said orders and permissions be and be deemed va* cordingly, and of due force in law, and that all personal s ti n V>rtainanc* 8Ults> indictments, informations, and all prosecutions goods deemed Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be her valid, and per- prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons for ha sons concern, advised, or issued, or carried into execution any such onk permission, at any time before the passing of this act, be, q and shall be discharged and made void by virtue of this zcf, i that if any action or suit shall be prosecuted or commenced ag any person or persons, for or by reason of any such act, mati thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, he, si they may pleiad the general issue, and give this act and the i cial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in iM action or suit sb to be prosecuted or commenced in that partj the united kingdom called 'England, or that part called Ireland in the said West India islands, shall become nonsuit, or forbdj further prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, or if a verdict u pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defend* hall recover his, her, or their double costs, for which he, s' they shall have the like remedy as in cases where the costs bl are given to the defendants; and if afiy such action or spit as ai said shall be commented or prosecuted in that part of Great Bm

Order of

India islands, &c. for permitting the importation id exporta-

an<

ed therein

indemnified,

*c.

79

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 541

filled Scotland) the court before which such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted, shall allow to the defender the benefit rfthe discharge and indemnity thereby provided, and shall further low lim his double costs of suit in all such cases as aforesaid.

II. And be it also enacted, That if any action or suit hath been Actions heady commenced against any person or persons for any such already if matter, or thing, so advised, commanded/ appointed, or done,

Wall and may be lawful for the defendants or defenders in such y fcdotf or suit respectively, in whatever court in the united king-of Great Britain and Ireland, or in the said West India \f colonies, settlements, or territories, such action or suit have been commenced, to apply to such court or cotrrt9 rc-ively, to stay all proceedings thereon respectively, by motion a summary way, and such court or courts are hereby required make order for that purpose accordingly; and the court or i*s making such order shall allow and award to the defendants defenders respectively double costs of suit, for which they shall pedrrely have the like remedy as in cases where the costs are lawpven to the defendants or defenders.

CAP. LIV.

act for the more speedy trial of offences committed in distant parts upon the sea.

[May 23, 1806.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, it is enacted, all treasons, felonies} robberies, mureters, and confederacies, com-I on the sea, shall be inquired off tried, and determinedf according common course of the laws of this land used for such offences upon hud within this realm; And whereas by another act of parliament, in the eleventh year of the reign of King William the Third',

W, An act for the more effectual suppression of piracy, it xi Gul. 'enacted, that all piracies, felonies, and robberies, committed on the or in any haven, river, creek, or place, where the admiral or mis have power, authority, or jurisdiction, may be examined, in-d of \ tried, heard, and determined, and adjudged, in any place at or upon the land, in any of his Majesty's islands, plantations,

' 1, dominions, forts, or factories, to be appointed for that purqme hingj commission, in the manner therein directed, and according At rules of the civil law: And whereas, treasons, mureters, at id f Wr/ other felonies and Misdemeanours r not mentioned in the said sta-y tithe eleventh year the reign of King William the Third, can-

*tried by virtue of any commission directed under that act, but iWfersm committing, or charged with having committed the same upon |lfc teat in or near the East or West Indies, and in places very con only be brought to trial by sending them to England to be mtkn this reality, under the commission directed by the said statute Sjf 4*; twenty-eighth year ofr the reign of King Henry the EigJufis 3 not only great charges ynnd expences are incurred, but^yd^Vi

fMfomtimes ttcapt unpuftuh^dx by reason of the delay and difficulties

(, v ,(

one

i

com* to be

3

So

Offences committed on the sea, dec. may be tried in any of his Majesty's islands, &c. by virtue of the King's commission under the great seal directed to four or more discreet persons, &c.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 55, [1806.

one uniform course of trifd may be had for all treasons, piracies, fdo\ niesy robberies) mureters, conspiracies, and other offences comwkta upon the seas; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tern poral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, anib the authority of the same, That all treasons, piracies, feloiuei robberies, mureters, conspiracies, and other offences, of nature or kind soever, committed upon the sea, or in any halflij river, creek, or place, where the admiral or admirals have po authority, or jurisdiction, may be enquired of, tried, heard, termined, and adjudged, according to the common course of*laws of this realm used for offences committed upon the " within this realm, and not otherwise, in any of his Maji islands, plantations, colonies, dominions, forts, or factories, 1 and by virtue of the King's commission or commissions, the great seal of Great Britain, to be directed to any 9uch foofil more discreet persons as the lord-chancellor of Great Bntaint kjjl keeper, or commissioner for the custody of the great seal of Gff Britain for the time being, shall from time to time think fit tea point; and that the said of so to be appointed, or si three of them, shall have such and the like powers and authorid for the trial of all such mureters, treasons, piracies, felonies, beries, conspiracies, and other offences, within any such i$M plantation, colony, dominion, fort, or factory; as any commis^f era appointed or to be appointed according to the direction the said statute of the twenty-eighth year of the reign of Henru the Eighth, by any law or laws now in force, have or w* have for the trial of the said offences within this realm; and all persons convicted of any of the said offences, so to be trii virtue of any commission to be made according to the direc of this act, shall be subject and liable to, and shall suffer all and the same pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as, by any law; laws now in force, persons convicted of the same respect would be subject and liable to in case the same were respectr inquired of, tried, heard, determined, and adjudged, within realm, by virtue of any commission made according to the di tions of the said statute of the twenty-eighth year of the reigfti King Henry the Eighth; any law, statute, or usage, to the trary notwithstanding.

CAP. LV.

An act to provide for the payment, at the bank of Ireland, of the terest on certain debentures now payable at the exchequer a/Irelan and also for altering the days of payment of the interest or divide} on certain annuities in Ireland.

[June 9, 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to providefir the payment at the bo of Ireland of the interest on the debentures hereinafterk fionedy and also fir the payment of the'interester dividends bn the am ities herein after mentioned, at the days and tbutt herein after spetffu be if therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty,

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. ss-

uxi with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and Jem-poraJ, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if at any time after the passing of this act, it shall appear expedient to the lord high treasurer of The Treasury

Inland, or to the commissioners for executing the office of lord of ireiaml ^-treasurer of Ireland, or any three or more of them, that may order the; interest on debentures and annuities for years, and annui-on'for lives, or any of them, now payable at the exchequer

; Inland, should be paid and payable at the bank of Ireland, it at the Exche-sinilbe lawful for the said lord high treasurer, or for the said questobe commissioners, or any three or more of them, and he and they is Pay*hle at the md are hereby empowered, by and with the consent of the lord

rutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for the time being, to give such orders and directions in that respect, v> hall appear necessary for the payment of the interest on such bentures and annuities for years, and annuities for lives, at the btnk of Ireland; any act or acts, or any usage or custom to the rrrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That if at any time after the an<* ^aT fusing of this act, it shall appear expedient to the said lord high- on*

t: usurer, or to the said of, or any three or more of certain annu- fn, that the interest or dividends now payable at the bank of cities to be JUnd for and in respect of the consolidated annuities of three P^d at the iads and ten shillings per centum per annum, and four pounds evitum per annum, and five pounds per centum per annum, trans- on deben*

'ruble at the bank of Ireland, shall be paid and payable at the tunes with nl bank of Ireland, at the same periods, and on the same days on cpnsent of: h the interest of the respective debentures of three pounds "j^ProPnc* r ten shillings per centum per annum, four pounds per centum per mm, and five pounds per centum per annum, are now payable, shall and may be lawful for the said lord high treasurer, or for the said of, or any three or more of them, by and th the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for the time being, and eh the consent of the proprietors of the said annuities, to give .-borders and directions in that respect as shall appear neces-: v for the payment of the said interest and dividends accordingly, act or acts, or any usage or custom to the contrary, in any* r*.a notwithstanding -, taking care that the holders of such annu*

, the time of the payment of the interest or dividends whereon '--.ail be so altered, shall receive one quarter's interest or dividend reon, when the same shall become due next after such altera* on, and that the interest and dividends on such annuities shall be 7 bd and payable half-yearly ever afterwards, that is to say, on the same day on which the corresponding rate of interest on debentures shall be payable, as now established by law.

III. And be it further enacted, That such proprietors of the Unless dissent said respective annuities as shall not, on or before the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and six, signify 1806, proprie-7 heir dissent to the said alteration of the times for the payment of tors shall be the interest or dividends on the said annuities, in books to be deemed to Vol.XLVI. G c opened bavewaented.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 56. [1806.

opened at the bank of Ireland, for that purpose, shall be deemed and taken to assent thereto, any thing in any act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

Auditor-gene-

IV. And be it further enacted, That the auditor-general, the ral, &c. to clerk of the pells, the teller of the exchequer, and trie governor orders^f ^the am* company the bank of Ireland, and all other persons, when

Treasury. thereto required, shall execute such orders as may be given by tie said lord high treasurer of Ireland, or by the said of for executing the said office of lord high treasurer, or any three of them, in the execution of this act, and of any of the mitten therein contained, as if such orders were herein expressed and particularly enacted.

4; G. 3. C. 104.

After June zi, 1806, the number of monthly charges on each still shall be made as herein mentioned, instead of the charges under 45 G. 3. C. 104.

CAP. LVI.

An act to amend an act of the last session of parliament for continual and amending several acts for regulating and securing the collects* of the duties on spirituous liquors distilled in Ireland, and tk warehousing of such spirits for exportation.

[June 9, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to continue until the twenty-ninth day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several acts for regulating and securing the collection of the duties on spirituous liquors distilled in Ireland, and the warehousing of such spirits for exportation: and whereas it is expedient to amend the act; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty* by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-first day of June one thousand eight hundred and six, h| lieu and instead of any charge on any distiller, in respect of an] number of charges of singlings of low wines for any still, fd twenty-four working days, under or by virtue of the said recitd act, every distiller in Ireland shall, for every twenty-four workinj days while any still shall continue working, or be chargeable a working, after the said twenty-first day of June one thousand eight hundred and six, and during the continuance of this act be charged with and pay duty for such quantity of spirits a might be produced (according to the rates in the said recite act mentioned), from the several numbers of charges of singling or low wines herein after severally set forth, for and in respect of each and every still being of the several contents following that is to say, From fifty-six charges of low wines or singling for every still under seven hundred and fifty gallons content, anj not less than five hundred gallons content; from fifty-four sue) charges for every still under one thousand gallons content, anl not less than seven hundred and fifty gallons content 5 fror forty-eight such charges for every stiM under one thousand twi hundred and fifty gallons content, and not less than one thoii sand gallons content; from forty-four such charges for evet still under one thousand five hundred gallons content, and nc

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 56. 83

lesi than one thousand two hundred and fifty gallons content;

from forty-two such charges for every still under one thousand seven hundred and fifty gallons content, and not less than one thousand five hundred gallons content; from forty such charges

for every still under two thousand gallons content, and not less than one thousand seven hundred and fifty gallons content;

from thirty-nine such charges for every still under two thousand

two hundred and fifty gallons content, and not less than two thousand gallons content; from thirty-seven such charges for every still under two thousand five hundred gallons content,

ad not less than two thousand two hundred and fifty gallons

content; from thirty-six such charges for every still under two thousand seven hundred and fifty gallons content, and not less than two thousand five hundred gallons content; from thirty-

ire such charges for every still under three thousand gallons

content, and not less than two thousand seven hundred and fifty

pUons content; from thirty-three such charges for every still

three thousand gallons content or upwards; and so in pro*

yoction for any less number of working days than twenty-four,

*bh such still shall continue working or be chargeable as under the said recited act during the continuance of this ! tit: and every such distiller shall also be charged with and pay Atjfor as much more spirits as might be produced (according .'fcthe rates in the said recited act mentioned), from all pot-ale,

task, low wines, or singlings, which such distiller shall actu-, distil within any such period of twenty-four working days ti any less number of working days as aforesaid, during the twtinuance of this act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the bounties payable to Bounties distillers under the said recited act* on account of the size or under 45 0. f contents of any still or stills used by such distiller shall not be sh/n cease74 |d or payable to any distiller in respect of any spirits which shall after junc al> be distilled after the twenty-first day of June one thousand eight 1806.

hundred and six; and that, from and after payment of all bounties in respect of spirits distilled before the said twenty-first day of June one thousand eight hundred and six, so much of the aid recited act as grants the said bounties shall be, and the same thereby repealed; any thing in the said recited act to the con-

And be it further enacted, That, during the continuance Bounties on tf this act every distiller in Ireland, who shall make use of any spirits dis-31 the body whereof, without the head or any other appendage ^er thereto, shall contain one thousand five hundred gallons or up- x$ percent. Birds, shall be allowed and paid by the collector of excise of on stills of the district, out of any money in his hands, a bounty after the 15 gallons nte of sixteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the ad Percent WKmnt of the duties on spirits paid by such distiller, in respect sti^of "*tf aj spirits distilled after the said twenty-first day of June.one icoo galions, Aowand eight hundred and six; and every distiller in Ireland,

*bo&hali ipake use of any still, the body whereof, without the

84 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 57. [1806.

head or any other appendage thereto, shrill contain one thousand gallons and shall not contain one thousand five hundred galions, shall be allowed and paid in like manner, a bounty after the rate of eight pounds for every one hundred pounds of $e amount of the duties on such spirits, paid by such distillet: provided always, that if any distiller shall have or make useitf more than one still, such distiller shall be allowed a bounty fe the whole amount of the duties paid by such distiller after db'rate payable in respect of the still of the smallest size. 1 j Duties and

IV. And be it further enacted, That every charge by this act bounties 6hali directed to be made on any distiller, and the duty in respect re ufationT^of t^ereo^> shall ma<*e an<* returned by the officer, and the said recited act. duty shall he pa*d by the distiller, and the bounties made pase able by this act shall be made and paid to distillers, in su& manner and under and subject to such rules, regulations, pei&| ties, and forfeitures, as are contained in the said recited act^' except so far as the same are expressly altered or repealedthis act, and that all such rules, regulations, penalties, a forfeitures, (except as aforesaid), shall be applied in the chaij* ing, levying, collecting, and recovering all such duties, an in the paying such bounties, as fully and effectually, to all ip? tents and purposes, as if the said rules, regulations, penalties, an forfeitures were repeated and re-enacted in this act.

Act V. And be it further enacted, That this act maybe amende

zmtn*altered, or repealed by any act or acts to be passed in this session of parliament.

Continuance

VI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall contifite in force until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six.

CAP. LVII.

An act to amend an act made in the last session of parliament for Si collection of the malt duties in Ireland, and regulating the trade f a maltster.

[June 9, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the last session of parliament^ intituled An act for the collection of the malt duties ifl Ireland, and regulating the trade of a maltster: and whereas i is expedient to amend the said act; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and cofw sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in thii present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same June 25 That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of June one thousand i806Pma{t- e'Sht hundred and six, and until the twenty-ninth day of Sep stm shall be tember one thousand eight hundred and six, in lieu and instead charged with of any charge on any maltster or maker of malt in Ireland, foi 8 barrels per any calendar month, commencing at any time after the saic every ioo* twenty-fifth day of June, while the maltnouse of such maltstej square feet ofor maker of malt shall be working, or shall continue working workiegfloorspr shall be presumed to continue working, or shall be charge

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 57. 85

able as continuing to work, such maltster or maker of malt shall all malt-

be charged with, and pay duty for eight barrels of malt, for houses where-_ 1*i* i* a ever situate.

eYeiy one hundred feet square or working or diying floor or

Hoots which shall be contained in each malthouse, in which such

maltster or maker of malt shall be licensed to make malt,

whether the malthouse or malthouses of such maltster or maker

of mah shall be situate in the city of Dublin, or out of the '

same, pr in any other city, town, or place in Ireland; any thing

in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Yearly charge

twenty-ninth day of Septemberome thousand eight hundred and six, after^Sc^i8

in lieu and instead of the yearly and monthly charges on maltsters jg^\>lr'

and makers of malt in Ireland, under the said recited act, every rels per 100

such maltster and maker of malt shall be charged according to of work-

the proportions herein after mentioned and expressed? that is toin floorl>*c

ay, Every maltster or maker of malt in Ireland shall, between the twenty-ninth day of September in every year, and the twenty-

mndrday of September following, during the continuance of the

fence of such maltster or maker of malt, be charged with and

minty of excise for a quantity of malt, after the rate of sixty-

wrbarrels of malt, for every one hundred feet square of working

er drying floor or floors which shall be contained in each malt-

louse, in which such maltster or maker of malt shall be licensed

to make malt, and so in proportion for any greater number of

npare feet; and also for as much more malt as such maltster or

taker of malt shall actually make within the said period.

III and be it further enacted, That the charge of such yearly Monthly

duty of sixty-four barrels shall be made in manner following; charge 8 bar-

that is to say. Every such maltster or maker of malt shall be rels 5cc#

charged for not less than eight calendar months in every year,

2nd for every such calendar month, such maltster or maker of

tak shall bf charged with and pay duty for eight barrels of malt,

for every one hundred feet Square of such working or drying

Hoot or floors, and so in proportion for any greater number of

square feet; and every maltster or maker of malt shall, over

and above the respective quantities aforesaid, be also charged with and pay duty for as much more malt as could be produced

under the regulations in the said recited act mentioned, from any

tom or grain actually wetted by such maltster or maker of malt

within every such period of one calendar month.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the quantity of Yearly charge

oak charged upon any maltster or maker of malt in any one year, to make good

ending on the twenty-ninth day of September, shall not amount to deficiency in

AefuH quantity of sixty-four barrels of malt for which such malt- ally charged1!*

steTOfmaker of malt is hereby made chargeable with duty, within any year, the surveyor or gauger, in charge of the malthouse of any such maltster or hiaker of malt, shall, within twenty days after

such twenty-ninth day of September, make a return to the collector

tf tta district in which such malthouse shall be situate, of such

quantity of malt and of the duties thereon, as, with the quantities

comprised in forrber returns, of malt against such maltster or jr-

6

Charges shall be made under regulations of recited act.

Act may be ajriGnded.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 58. [1806.

maker of malt in the year ending on such twenty-ninth day of September, shall amount to the full quantity of sixty-four barrels of malt for which such maltster or maker of malt is so made chargeable with duty; and such return shall be a charge on such maltster or maker of malt, and shall be payable by such maltster or mak^t of malt, in manner directed by the said recited act.

V. And be it further enacted, That every such charge -by this, act directed to be made on any maltster or maker of malt, and the duty in respect thereof, shall be made and returned by the officer, and the said duty shall be paid by the maltster or maker of malt, in such manner, and under and subject to: such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as are contained in the said recited act, except as such rules or regulations$re expressly altered by this act j and that all such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, (except as aforesaid,) shall be applied in the charging, levying, collecting, and recovering all such duties, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the said rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, w; ere repeated, and yer-enacted in this act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this act may be amende; altered, or repealed by any act or acts to be made in the prese; Session of parliament,

CAP. LVIII.

An act for establishing certain regulations in the collection an$ management of his Majesty's revenues of customs, excise, andtaxdk in Ireland.

[June 9, 1806.] 1 A

WHEREAS by an act made in the parliametif of Ireland, in th fourteenth and fifteenth years pfhis fate majesty fCing Chari* the Second, intituled An act for the settling of the excise or ne1 }mpos^ upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according q the book of rates therein inserted, the several rates and charges'Duties of ex- the said act mentioned, in and by the name of excise or new impost cise on goods jct, laid, and imposed, to be had, levied, demanded. Collected, recei fm^rtedlm recovered, and paid, throughout Ireland, upon commodities, merchai posed, and the dize, and manufactures as well native as imported or foreign, in mam value ascer- and form in the said act mentioned, and according to a booh of ra\

tained by a and value of goods and merchandize imported, in the said act contained

k?k t ra^Ef a*d for the more regular and orderly putting in execution the sou '*' recited act, it was by the said recited act among other things enacted,

ofhcTesta- ^lat an Jfice s^ofdd be constituted and erected in the city of Dublin*

blished unefcr to be called and known by the nam&cfThe Office of Excise or New fi ve cominis- Impost, and to be managed and governed by of not exceeding five in number; and the of thereof, and their stsbordim nate of or sub-commissioners and collectors, were by the said recited act empowered and required to hear and determine all of* fences and breaches of the clauses and articles in the said act contained^ and to do certain other matters and things in the said act mentioned and it was in and by the said recited act provided, that in cases therein mentioned certain commissioner/ of appeal/ fa the said act mentioned

t should

Excise Act, 14, 15 Car. i, p. 8. sect. 1.

sioners in Dublin.

Jurisdiction of of, See. (sect. 5.)

Appeal, (sect. 54.)

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 58. 87

sktdd receive appeals frfan parties grieved bp proceedings under the said act, and also should hear and determine such appeals in manner as tythe said act is snentioned and directed: and whereas by another act suds in the parliament of Ireland, in the said fourteenth and fifteenth pars of his said late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, ' An Customs Act, act for settling the subsidie of poundage, and granting a subsidie* of tunnage, and other sums of money, unto his royal Majestie, his heirs and successors, the same to be paid upon merchandizes imported and exported into or out of the kingdom of Ireland, according to a book of rates hereunto annexed, it was enacted, that the rates mentioned and expressed in a book of rates to the said act an- Value of vxtd, should be the rates according to which all goods and merchandize PaWnf>

t every merchant, natural-born subject, denizens, and aliens, to be import ant! inufnt into all or any part of Ireland, or carried out of the same, should export ascer-pq j certain subsidy of poundage; and that certain other subsidies, in tained by a lie said act mentioned, should be levied and paid in manner as in therates. mi act is mentioned; and it is also by the said last recited act further offences aedtd, that the defaults of such as should attempt to do any thing aSa"1Rt erfrtry to the tenor of the said act, or of the rules, orders, and in th*11* irtdisns to the said act annexed, should be heard, enquired of, and Exchequer. mfirmned by the barons of his Majesttfs court of exchequer; and it (sect. 14O hiht by the rules, orders, and directions to the said act annexed Number of nsrm other things) directed that the commissioners of the customs commission' itedi not at any time be more than seven, or less than five in (Rule47.) wArT: and whereas since the passing of the said hereinbefore recited Since the said st;, divers rates and duties upon the importation and exportation of recited acts puds, wares, and merchandize, into and from Ireland, and upon hav^been* risk articles, matters, and things, have from time to time been ^ranted on ranted and charged by divers acts of parliament in lieu and full importation rfaction of the imposts, subsidies, customs, duties, rates, and charges and export*-tsder the said hereinbefore recited acts; and divers inland duties ascf divers

: and taxes in Ireland have also been from time to time granted duties of ad charged by divers acts of parliennent for, upon, and in respect of inland excise tneral articles, matters, and things in the said acts mentioned, certain and taxes by dwtuck acts of parliament are now inforce and it is by the said acts acts^sf/ch main force respectively enacted, that the said rates and duties on the dutie^ being mutation and exportation of goods, wares, and merchandize, imported in lieu of all exported, and the said inland duties of excise and taxes, payable customs, sub-; r or by virtue of the said acts respectively, shall be in lieu and full if action of all former customs, subsidies, and duties and inland eVer, and matt of excise and taxes payable in Ireland, (except as in the said acts being recover-wpetively is mentioned,) and that the said rates, and duties on goods, able under said: ;ru, and merchandize, imported and exported, and the said inland ^xcl*e a

Mies of excise and taxes, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid ar'2*

Mtr the powers and authorities, rules and directions, penalties and; futures, appointed, directed, and expressed, by the said hereinbefore until act of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late majesty Aing Charles the Second, for settling the excise or new impost upon '/ Majesty, his heirs and successors, or by any other act or acts in j; rcein Ireland relating to the revenue of customs and excise, or either j them, with like remedy of appeal as in and by the said last recited

88 In conse-

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 58. [1806.

act is provided: and whereas for many years past the commusi&ert if.

Satwnf ^the ixcue an^of of customs have been from time to tim present com- appointed by tone commission under the great seal of Ireland, andhevt

dient to provide for management of the revenue;

by placing

jiivtoviib

missions, and acted under the said commission in the management and collection tfik I of the increase the several rates and duties payable on the importation or exportamfy\ wares, and merchandize into and from Ireland, and fitpi come expL several inland duties of excise and taxes payable in Ireland* andifcg drawbacks, bounties, and allowances in respect thereof: and whertosAHK reason of the great increase of the said rates, duties, and taxes, and of ml many and various acts, matters, and things required to be done fall " said commissioners of excise and of of customs under omM virtue of the several laws in force in Ireland, it may be expedientf f the better and more easy and effectual government, management, t collection of the said rates, duties, and taxes, and for the better: j once of the duties of the offices of the stud of re yhat all rates and duties imposed upon the importation or t of goods, wares, and merchandize, into or from Ireland, and alibi rates and duties on entries inwards and outwards and on skiptt vessels trading to or from Ireland; and also all drawbacks, bo\

w # and allowances on the exportation or importation into or from In under* qU^C8 of anH S00^ wares, or merchandize, should be managed and go mis^ners of hi of of customs and port duties; and that all in customs, duties and taxes whatsoever payable in Ireland, and all quit, a and composition rents, and all rents and revenues whatever paya his Majesty, his heirs or successors in Ireland, (other than and 0 fend by placinghe duties under the management of the commissioners of stamps, other duties Ireland, and on the portage and conveyance of letters in Ireland, " about the collection or management whereof any provisions hove l or shall be specially made by parliament) should be managed attdg by of of inland excise and taxes: be it therefore < by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the ad and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and comm His Majesty,n t^1*8 Present parliament assembled, and by the authority of 1 See. empower- same, That it shall and may oe lawful for his Majesty, his 1 ed to appoint and successors, or for the lord-lieutenant or other chief gove (7 and not less or governors of Ireland for die time being, by the direction ofl lo^Sl Majesty, his heirs and successors, to appoint, from time to da eioners of under the great seal of Ireland, certain persons not exceed) customs and seven, nor being less than five in number, to be commissioner* customs and port duties in Ireland  and also to appoint omtui other persons not exceeding seven, nor being less than five*number, to be of of inland excise and taxes inIrdmi,

under commissioners of excise and taxes.

port duties and a like number of persons to be

of to have and to hold their respective offices during their i4

nf inland

of inland excise and taxes.

behaviour respectively or during his Majesty's pleasure onfy, as to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall seem fittittgl and that, from and immediately after such appointment, ail sra of of customs and port duties, in the exercise of such their commissions, shall have and enjoy with respect to the cab lection and management of the several imposts and duties so toi* ers, as well of managed and governed by them, the power of appointing-sub*

r* j fonunigamcfty

All the said commission-

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 58.

89

ammissushers, and all such other powers and authorities as are customs as of liven to or are Tested in the of mentioned in the said rated act of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late majesty powerg vested. Ling Charles the Second for the'settling the excise or new impost fn commis-ipon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with respect to the sioners of tabes under their governance or management: and that sudh hr^cmmissioners of customs and port duties, or the major part of xm, in the exercise of their commissions, and such of iiiiand excise and taxes, or the major part of them, in the: K*rcise of their commissions, shall respectively have and enjoy ill such powers and authorities as are given to or are vested in the mmissioners, or the major part of them, mentioned in the said uvt recited act, by virtue of the said recited act, or by virtue of mother act or acts in force in Ireland; as fully and effectually.ill intents and purposes whatsoever as if the said powers and <utk#ities were expressly repeated and re-enacted in this act: but ail acts, matters, and things relating to the duties of ona or excise or taxes which, by any act or acts in force in Mml, are required to be done or performed by or under the rilction of the of mentioned in the said last: -.red act, shall and may be in like manner done and performed hi at under the jurisdiction of such of of customs port duties, or such of of inland excise and 90 to be appointed respectively, as the case may require, this act; and that all persons whatever shall be subject and able to the same pains and penalties for doing or omitting to do rv act, matter, or thing relating to or in anywise concerning the pTfflestor collection of such duties respectively, as they would kvebeen subject and liable to for doing or omitting to do the sec acts, matters, and things respectively, relative to the duties r Mtd under the jurisdiction of the said of mentioned a; he said last recited act by virtue of the said act, or by virtue v other act or acts in force vnJreland: provided always, that wiling in this act shall extend or be construed to extend to alter cr repeal either of the said recited acts, or any other law now in force in Ireland, except so far as the same are or is expressly; .'-rcd by this act.

II. And whereas, In and by divers acts of parliament in force In ' And, for the better collecting, regulating, and managing the revenue'customs and excise, and for avoiding frauds therein, divers powers 'i authorities are given to certain persons under the names ami de- u of of of the revenue, of of customs, commissioners of excise, and also to certain persons under the name description of officers of the revenue, officers of the customs, and of tike excise; be it enacted, That it shall and may be law-for the commissioners of the customs and port duties, so to amj their" appointed in manner hereinbefore mentioned, and for any ofheers em- --commissioners, collectors, clerks, and other officers acting powered to V: them, to do and perform all such acts, matters, and things ^especHne'pectively, relating to goods, wares, and merchandize imported, goods import* or carried coastwise, and to such importation* f^eporta- cd, &c. and

tion, duties of cui-

90 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 58. [1806.

toms thereon, tion, or conveyance of the same, and to the ratp8 and duties, b^done b drawbacks, bounties, and allowances thereon; and all such matn commission- ters anc* things relating to shipping and navigation, and to th^ ers of revenue, registering of ships, and relating to the lading or discharging 0^ and all matters goods, wares, and merchandize, into and out of shipping in the ^ippim^and severa^ Portsf Ireland; and relating to the importation, export nawgation, tation, or carrying coastwise of goods, wares, and merchandize See. under any and to the warehousing the same, and delivering the same out ol former acts in warehouse in Ireland \ as by any act or acts in force in Infant

force in Ireland.

And of of ex

are required or authorised to be done with respect to such goods wares, and merchandize, and to the importation, exportation, ant conveyance of the same, and the rates, duties, drawbacks, bounties, and allowances thereon, or with respect to the Other mat ters and things before mentioned, by the of of cus toms, commissioners of excise, or of of revenue, <* by any of them respectively, or by any sub-commissioners, collectors, or other officers in the said acts mentioned: and thati cise and their and may be lawful for the commissioner^ of inland excift

officers em-Cir at^ taxes, so to be appointed in manner hereinbefore mentioned powered to do and any sub-commissioners, collectors, clerks, and other officer, all such acts acting under them, to do and perform respectively all such actl dse amTuxes* matters? anc* things, relating to inland duties of excise and taxe in Ireland^ committed to their care and management, as by an} act or acts in force in Irelattd are required to be done, with respect to the said inland duties of excise and taxes, ofr any them, by the commissioners of excise, of of custom^ or of of the revenue, or by any of them respectively or by any sub-commissioners, collectors, or other officers, in tbi said acts mentioned of any of them-Proceedings of

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all proceeding all commis- Gf of of customs and port duties, or of commissioner of inland excise and taxes, so to he appointed respectively, anc of the sub-commissioners, collectors, or other officers actiid under them respectively, shall be subject to appeal, to be hean and determined by the of of appals mentioned ii the said recited act of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of th reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, for settling, th excise or new impost upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors and that the of of appeals, in the said last recited ac mentioned, sh^ll have all such powers and authorities for thj receiving, hearing, and determining all appeals from commissioners of customs and port duties, or from of o inland excise and taxes, so to be appointed respectively, or fron their sub-commissioners, collectors, or other officers respectively as the said of of appeals now have and are possessed of by virtue of the said last recited act orany other act or acts ii force in Ireland, respecting appeals to be made tQ them, under oi by virtue of the said acts or any of them.

IV. And be it declared and enacted, That so much and 6ucl und^i^Part the said recited act, of the fourteenth and fifteenth years

Carfare! 9.5 the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, foi

sioners, &c. so to be appointed shall be subject to appeal under excise act,

14* 15 Car. a. c. 8.

Jurisdiction

settling

1806.] Anno regni.quadragesimosexto Geq. Ill, c. 58. 91

settling the subsidy of poundage, and granting a subsidy of extended to K!uge and other sums of m{mey unto his Majesty, his heirs ^isc ^ut'es id successors, upon merchandizes imported and exported, as erects that the defaults of such as shall attempt to do any thing '

oarrary to the tenor of the said act, shall be heard, enquired

it and determined by the barons of his Majesty's court of ex-

iequer in Ireland, shall extend and be construed to extend tA

I $uch dories, matters, and things, as. shall te committed to

be care and management of the commissioners of inland excise;

fed taxes, and to all defaults relating thereto; and that nothing v,

Mbisact shall extend er be construed to extend to repeal any j

m of the said last recited act, so far as the same relates to

mk duties, matters, and things as shall be committed to the m

pre and management of of of customs and pot

Itties so to be appointed, nor to repeal or alter any, of the rules, v !  'dersr or regulations, in the said act contained, ^except so far^fetk same may be incompatible with the provisions of tfyip qc.tj 4 ' wthing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

Provided always, and be it enacted, That ip case^ny doul^ in case of dis-fe|dinilty shall hereafter arise, whether any, matter, or tluugPu^8 \

respecting his Majesty's revenue of customs, excise, ^11 1C lono

(Was in Ireland respectively, or either of them, or any other era of customs |gfcr or thing which by any act or acts in forceup Ireland is or and excise, the jftnfi be directed to be done and performed by of of Treasury shall customs, commissioners of excise* or of of the herein* er fewme, their sub-commissioners or other officers respectively, fefk, by virtue of, any commission or commissions to ber'*

psted under this actj to be done by, of of customs '/,

fed port duties, or by of of inland excise and taxes, k by their sub-commissioners or other officers respectively,; it ft.*and may be lawful for the lord high-^reasurer of Ireland, f*0

jfefor the commissioners for executing the said office of lord,

(jUreasurer for the time being, to determine and to declare, fed order, in writing under thp hand of such lord high-trear; few, or the hands of any three of the said of for,

Rating the office of such lord high treasurer for the time hag, whether such matter or thing shall be done and per- % nned by such of of customs and port duties, or ti&ch of of inland excise and taxes, or by their feipctive sub-commissioners or other officers; and that every, ad matter and thing shall accordingly be done and performed kf^uch of of customs and pprt duties, or by such of of inland excise and taxes, or by their sub-wmmissioners or other officers respectively, pursuant to such.order of the said lord high treasurer, or of for ticcuting the office of the said lord high treasurer, in that behalf to be made in manner aforesaid.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 59- tl8o<

CAP. LIX.

An act to regulate the packing of butter in Ireland for

[Jun

sale

exportation.

[June 9, 1806.]

[See Irish acts

WHEREAS k is expedient that the laws in force in Ireland, ioG.i. c. 9. 1/17*

relation 'to the cask sin which butter is made up for sale or expo1 X3 g! ! c. ia taiton should be amended; be it therefore enacted by the Kmc

blitter-casks after Aug. x, 1806.

i G. a. c. 7. rtiost excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of fl 8.9, &c. lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present pa 5 3* c. 15. Hament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, nro

c?36? an<^ a^er ^rst day August one thousand eight hundreds

31 G. 3. c.a4] no person or persons shall buy or sell any ehipty cask i

packing butter for sale or export, unlfess such cask shall be mail Dimensions of according to the following dimensions 5 that is to say. All stu 1'W"' casks called Tubs, shall not be less than nineteen inches nor mo

than twfcnty-dne inches in length, and not less than fcmrto inches nor more than fifteen inches in widtbat the head and be torti thereof; and all such casks called Firkins, shall not bek than Seventeen inches and not more than eighteen inches length, and not Ies$ than twelve inches nor more than thirtei iricfhe^ in width at the head and bottom thereof; and all such cad caHed Kegs, shall not be less than thirteen inches tior motfe t& fourteen inches in length, nor less than eight inches nor ms than nine inches in width at the head and bottom thereof; id act or acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

IL. And be it further enacted, That if, from and after the sai

Penalty on

persons mak- /1Tia DC iurmer enacted, mar ir, irom and alter me sa.

ing or buying first day of August one thousand eight hundred and sir, ar casks of other cooper shall make any casks, tubs, firkins, or kegs for packhi

dimensions, butter for Sale or export, of any dimensions contrary to tbisr

10lper __________

cask.

1 % G. x* c. S'

or if any person shall sell Or expose to sak ot shall buy or e*|fci any butter m any; cask, tub, firkin, or keg, made of dimensibj contrary to this act; or if any weigh-master or his deputy &\ brand any ca$k&, tubs, firkins; ' oV kegs, made of dimensions cel trary io this act; or weigh any butter therein; or if any persi1 who shall have bored any cask of butter for the purpose of tas$ the same, shall not return the whole of the butter taken ottt ! such boring into the place from Vhence the same was taken o (except only so much as is fairly necessary for tasting the same every such person shall for every such offence forfeit the sum ten shillings for each and every such cask; to be recovere levied, and distributed in such manner as is directed by an a made in the parliament of Ireland, in the twelfth year of the reij of his late majesty <King George the First, intituled An act j explaining and amending an act, intituled An act for continui and amending of the laws in relation to butter and tallow, and i casks in which such goods are to be made up, and in relation to t

curing of hides, and in making up of beef and pork for exportation, a for preventing the destruction of salmon! J

Weigh-master jjl And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be laj ^utterappear* ful for an7 weigh-master c^Ji^eggly, and he is hereby rejuhj

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 6o. 93

before the weighing of any butter, to take off from any cask, tub, in? above the Erkin, or keg of butter brought to be weighed, all such butter as *the

may appear above the middle of such cask, tub, firkin, or keg, act to apply the same to his own use; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Butter iwula-act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any cask, ^tend to* tsb, firkin, or kee, for packing butter for sale or exDort, which Cork, ill be made within the county of Cork, or in which any butter ill be exported from the city of Cork.

V. And be it further enacted, That the powers and authorities Powers of the several acts in force in Ireland in relation to butter, and

cash in which the same is to be made up, shall be applied in 0

ration of this act, and shall be and remain in force, except so as the same are altered by this act; and the said acts and this shall be construed together for the purpose of regulating the 'ig and sale of butter in Ireland, or for exportation from

CAP. LX.

for amending an act passed in Ireland, in the twenty-ninth of King George the Second, intituled An act for amending ^id making more effectual, the several laws relating to the first 

jrajts payable out of ecclesiastical benefices in this kingdom5 sad for the better regulation and management of the charitable bequest Of Doctor Hugh Boulter, late lord archbishop of Ar-wtfiy for augmenting the maintenance of poor clergy in this kingdom, so far only as relates to the said charitable bequest.-

[June 9, 1806.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the parliament of Ireland in the IV twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King targe the Second, intituled An act for amending and making Irish act# nre effectual, the several laws relating to the first fruits payable as Geo. *Stt of ecclesiastical benefices in this kingdom; and for the better ' trion and management of the charitable bequest of Doctor -jk Boultery late lord archbishop of Armagliy for augmenting maintenance of poor clergy in this kingdom; it is, amongst things enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the trustees id of of the first fruits in Ireland, and they are hereby dkorised and empowered, from and after the time the certificate shall It returned to themy and enteredy subscribed, and attested by the respective archbishops and bishops of every diocese, in the manner in the said f mentioned, to augment any benefice or living, or appropriate or im-jnpriate curacy, or the maintenance of any parsoiiy vicar, curatey of \ mastery which shally in the manner in the said act mentioned, appear 'to them to be under the yearly value of sixty pounds, by granting to the mambent of such benefice or living, or to suchparson, vicar, curate, Or mastery such an annual salary, to bepaid out of the monies so bequeathed* aid to be placed out at interest, as in the said act mentioned, as that the vafar to certified) together with such augmentation so to be granted, shall

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 60. [1806.

not in the whole exceed the value of sixty pounds by the year; and the such annual salaries as the said trustees shall so grant, pursuant to th said act, may be granted to the incumbents of such benefices or living and such parsons, vicars, curates, or Ministers, and their successori until such time as convenient purchases can be had and made of 4* or tythes, or both, to be conveyed to them, pursuant to the will of the mo, reverend father in God Doctor Hugh Boulter, late lord archbishop of Armagh, in the said act mentioned, or until the value of such beMt fees or maintenance shall be increased to the saisi value of sixty pousA by the year, by the said trustees, or otherwise: and whereas the ansSSh interest of the said charitable bequest of the said Doctor Hugh Bdultf in the said act mentioned, will now afford an increase of such augmb tation, and the benevolent intentions of the said testator, in the saitth mentioned, will be more effectually carried into execution, by fta\ augmenting the maintenance of the poor clergy in Ireland out of thei nual produce of the said charitable fund: may it therefore ph your Majesty that it may be enacted; and fee it enacted by' King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the sair That whenever a certificate shall be returned to the said trusfl: jnd of, drawn up, prepared, signed, and sealed in I manner and pursuant to the regulations and directions in the $9 act mentioned, respecting the certificate of the yearly value such benefice or maintenance of such minister, as the said tr$ whictTarecer-tees an<* of are by the said act authorised and et tified to be powered to augment to the yearly sum of sixty ^pounds; at)4( under that case such certificate shall certify, that the true and clear improty the'interest of yearty va^ue of such benefice, with cure of souls, living or cui the charitabtab aPPr0Pr*ate or impropriate, and the true and clear improved y< fund of Doc- value of the maintenance of any parson, vicar, curate, and mi ster, officiating in any such church or churches, chapel or chap? as in the said recited act is mentioned, shall be commonly g puted to be under the sum of one hundred pounds by the ye3 and when such certificate shall be entered, subscribed, and " tested, in the manrier in and by the said act directed and appoint! respecting the certificates of value in the said act mentioned, cl and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the ji % trustees and of, or a quorum of them, consisting J any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised m

Trustees and of of the first fruits in Ireland may augment livings to 100l.

for Hugh Boulter.

empowered to augment any such benefice or living, or such in

uc

propriate or appropriate curacy, or the maintenance of any su< parson, vicar, curate or minister, which shall so as aforesaid a pear to them to be under the yearly value of one hundred poum fey the year, by granting to the incumbent of such benefice living, or to such parson, vicar, curate, or minister, such an annu salary to be paid out of the interest of the said charitable fund bequeathed fey the said Doctor Hugh Boulter, as that the value i certified, together with such augmentation so to be granted, sha not in the whole exceed the Value of one hundred pounds by t! vear: Provided always, that every such augmentation, and 2

such augmented beneff^f md maintenances, shall I

---

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 61. 95

and the same is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the like rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, as the augmentation of benefices, curacies, and maintenances to the sum of sixty pounds by the year, is by the said recited act declared to be subject and liable to.

CAP. LXI.

An act to authorise certain publick officers to send and receive letters and packets by the post, free from the duty of postage.

[June 9, 1806.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty,

[44 G. 3. c. 63.]

intituled An act to authorize the sending and receiving of letters and packets, votes, proceedings in parliament, and printed newspapers, by the post, free from the duty of postage, by the members of the two houses of parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain publick officers therein named; and for reducing the postage on such votes, proceedings, and newspapers, when sent by any other persons; certain publick officers therein named are authorized to send and receive letters and packets by the post, free from the duty of postage, in the United Kingdom, in the manner and under the restrictions therein mentioned: and whereas it is expedient that certain other publick officers should, in like manner, send and receive letters and packets by the post free from postage; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Certain publick officers authorised to send and receive letters and packets free from postage.]

That from and after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful for the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, the speaker of the house of commons, the first lord commissioner of his Majesty's treasury in Great Britain, the first lord commissioner of the admiralty, the chancellor of his Majesty's exchequer in Great Britain, the chancellor of his Majesty's exchequer in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, the president of the committee of council appointed for the consideration of matters relating to trade and foreign plantations, and the assistant secretary to the treasury in Great Britain, all for the time being, to send and receive letters and packets by the post, free from the duty of postage, within the United Kingdom, in the same manner, and under such restrictions as the several publick officers are authorized by the laws now in force to send and receive letters and packets free from postage.

[Treasury may authorise certain officers to send letters and packets free from postage, without the name of the post town, &c.]

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the lords commissioners of the treasury for the time being, for the convenience of publick business, by writing under their hands, to authorize that letters and packets directed by his Majesty's postmaster general, the secretary to the postmaster general, the secretaries to the treasury, and the assistant secretary to the treasury in Great Britain respectively for the time being, shall and may be sent by the post, free from postage, without the name of the post town, and the date of the day, month, and year, when sent, being superscribed thereon; any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

96 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 62. [1806.

CAP. LXII.

An act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty-ninth September one thousand eight hundred and six, certain duties the importation, and to allow certain drawbacks and bounties]I the exportation of certain sorts of iron, sugar, and tea into andfim Ireland.

[June 13, 1806.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament assembled, towards raising the supplies granted to your Majesty, and for the support of your Majesty's government, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled,

---

[From June 14,

iron, sugar, and tea, shall be paid and allowed.

and if, 1806 the*C149 authority same> That, from and after the fourteenth <tt duties men- ^une one thousand eight hundred and six, and during the 0 tioned in nuance of this act, there shall be raised, levied, collected* Schedule (A), paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and Scks men-W" sors>n react, money, (except as herein after is provided)*tioned in out any discount whatever, upon the importation of the i Schedules (A.) ral sorts of iron, sugar and tea, mentioned and set forth in fnd(C.), on Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.), imported into bt the several duties inserted, described, and set forth in figvsi the said Schedule; and that there shall also be paid oraHfl the several drawbacks in respect of the said duties as the stal also respectively inserted, described, and set forth, in figu* the said Schedule marked (A.), and in the Schedule marked f in lieu and full satisfaction of all duties and drawbacks pay in Ireland upon the importation and exportation of iron, si and tea, of the like sorts under or by virtue of any act of1 of parliament in force in Ireland at the time of the passiflj this act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several and rei4 duties by this act granted on the importation into Ireland, of! goods, wares, and merchandize in this act, or the -said nothave been marked (A.), mentioned, shall be charged and payable entered before such goods, wares, and merchandize, which shall not have June 14918069entered on or before the said fourteenth day of June one thoi eight hundred and six, or on which the duties due and pa on the importation thereof shall not have been paid, noi standing such goods, wares, and merchandize may have imported into Ireland before the said fourteenth day of June thousand eight hundred and six. and on goods

III. And be it further enacted, That the duties menti in warehouse, and set forth in the said Schedule marked (A.) shall be and payable on all such of the goods, wares, and men therein mentioned, as, having been imported into Ireland

Duties to be payable on such goods which shall

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 62. 97

or shall be warehoused, and shall rem a!n at the time of the of this act in warehouses in pursuance or by authority of xy act or acts of parliament iri force for that purpose, although such goods, wares, or merchandize^ may have been imported before me passing of this act: provided always, that such duties shall not oe charged or payable on any such gbods, wares, or merchandize, until the time when: the duties, which such goods, vares, and merchandize would have been subject to before the passing of this act, shall be payable $ and that in all cases where any interest is by law made payable On the amount of any duties secured by bond, such interest shall be calculated up to the said fomteenth day of Jync on the amount of the duties payable under my act or acts in force at the time of the passing of this act 5 ad that, from the said fourteenth day of June up to the time of ik discharging of the said bond such interest shall be calculated Ipon the amount of the duties payable under this act, and such Interest shall be paid accordingly before any such bonds shall be' discharged.

IV. And whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the provisions of the Uy the union of Great Britain and Ireland, that, in respect of the ixmitd duties hereby imposed on brown or Muscovado sugar imported

Ireland, increased countervailing duties should be charged on the toad sorts of refined sugar mentioned, described, and set forth in the Idle or Schedule hereunto annexed marked (B, )y being the produce or pmtfocture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, fifeunt to countervail the said increased duties on brown or Muscomb sugar imported into Ireland; be it therefore further enacted,

But, from and after the passing of this act, there shall be charged The counter* in the several sorts of tenned sugar mentioned, set forth, iand de- ^Ifne<?* imbed in the Table or Schedule marked (B.), the several coun- men-jferrvailine duties therein in figures respectively inserted, described, tioned in set forth, in lieu and full1 satisfaction of all countervailing Schedule (B.) Arties whatever, payable on such refined sugar under or by virtue sliaU* pai<*: of any act or acts of parliament in force in Ireland at the time of passing of this act; and that upon the exportation of any iftide of like denomination, being of the growth, product, or fiaoafacture of Ireland to Great Britain, there shall be allowed and riven a drawback equal in amount to the countervailing duty n the like article in the said Schedule, in lieu and fall satisfaction of all drawbacks now allowed by law on the same.

V. And whereas it is expedient, on account of the increased duty bu is act imposed on brown or Muscovado sugar imported into Ireland ikt increased drawbacks and bounties or allowances should be paid on At exportation from Ireland of sugar of the British plantations in the me state in which it was imported, and of all refined sugar manu-

future! from such sugar on the importation whereof the duties imposed And on the k this act shall have been duly paid; be it therefore enacted, That exportation of 4ete shaft be paid and allowed on the exportation from Irelandbl8uch sugar the my &di refined sugar the increased drawbacks and bounties or a^b^nties allowances mentioned add set forth in the Schedule marked (C.), set forth in totfiTfct annexed/in lied and fall satisfaction vf all drawbacks Schedule (C.) fdu XLVI H vjOugTe shall be al-

Inwprl.

9s

Treasury of Ireland authorised to suspend payment of part

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 62. [1806.

and bounties or allowances payable in Ireland, on the exportation of refined sugar under any former Act or acts in force in Irdad at the time of the passing of this act: Provided always, that tig drawbacks and bounties now payable by law shall continue to 4e paid and allowed on all refried sugar manufactured from nw; sugar, on the importation whereof the duties imposed by thiwtfjf shall not be paid; and that the increased drawbacks and bdiiittief.5 or allowances by this act granted shall not be paid or allowed any refined sugar unless it shall appear that the increased duty L"' this act imposed was paid on the raw sugar from which, r refined sugar was produced: provided also, that such ina drawbacks and bounties or allowances shall be paid and pa; and allowed and allowable in such manner and under such regulations, restrictions, and conditions, in all respects a* drawbacks and bounties or allowances on exportation of ri sugar from Ireland, are paid and payable and allowed or allovj under and by virtue of the several acts in force in Ireland, n ing such drawbacks and bounties or allowances at the time passing of this act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear bfife tice published in the London Gazette in manner prescribe!^ law in Great Britain, and published in the Dublin Gaze# -manner prescribed by law in Ireland, that the average pi

'arfte011 brown

or Muscovado sugar for the six weeks preceding the I

sugar cases herein mentioned.

day of June one thousand eight hundred and six, or for the i months preceding the first day of August one thousand one hundred and six, or for the two months preceding the fin$f of October one thousand eight hundred and six, or for tfce f months preceding the fifth day of January, the fifth day of / and the fifth day of September, respectively, in every sue year, shall be Delow forty-nine shillings the hundred then and in such case it shall be lawful for the lord high-i surer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in in or any three or more of them for the time being, and the hereby authorised to suspend, until the publication in the j*

gazette as aforesaid of the average prices of the succeeding ffe months, the payment of the sum of one shilling in the huB<l$

weight, part of the duty on sugar by this act granted u such average prices shall be below forty-eight shillings, theil ( two shillings of the said duty -, and if such average prices stil* be below forty-seven shillings, then three shillings of such m case the whole duty granted by this act shall at such days^times respectively be payable under this act, or any act for (pita* Hiring the same* and to continue any such suspension if average prices so published shall continue below such suafcforty-nine shillings, forty-e^ght shillings, and forty-seven Aik

lings the hundred weight respectively* or to Alter the amouuMf sion of duty according tp^ch average pri^ aif

any such suspension aforesaid, and so from timp to time soTlorig as such Average { of such sugar shall continue to be below such respective^(he hundred weight as aforesaid, and to take off such su

99

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 6a.

lien such avenge prices <9* published shall be above forty-nine dufirngsdie honored weight, and again in like manner to suspend the same; and every such suspension, and also every alteration or termination of any such suspension, shall be published three dmes in the Dublin Gazette immediately after every such suspension, alteration, or termination thereof.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases*

vhere the whole or any part of the duties on the importation of

tny goods, wares, or merchandize into Irclatid are permitted to be paired by bond or otherwise by virtue of any act or acts of parliament in force in Ireland at the time of such importation, the Judes by this act granted or imposed may in like manner, and under the same rules, regulations, restrictions, and conditions, be permitted to be secured by bond or otherwise.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the duties, drawbacks, to die

unties, and allowances in this act and the respective Schedules j^sh consoii.

Lereunto annexed, specified, mentioned, and contained, shall be dated fund, paid and payable and received and receivable in British currency, and that all the said duties shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund of Ireland; and that the said duties, cmrbacks, allowances, and bounties, shall be paid and received tod the several articles and things in this act and the respective ^iiedules hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned, and contained, scolding to; the tale, weight, gauge, measure, or value of the id articles respectively specified, and also in proportion upon any greater or less number, weight, quantity, measure, or value of such articles, matters, and things respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several rates and Duties to be duties and drawbacks hereby granted and allowed, and all penal-

;: ?$ and forfeitures in respect thereof, shall be raised, levied, am

collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in excise, the same manner, and under such powers and authorities, and by such ways and methods, and according to such rules and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as are appointed, directed, and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying, paying, and managing of duties and drawbacks payable on goods, wares, and merchandize imported into and exported .* from Ireland^ in and by an act of parliament, made in Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late majesty King Charles the Ssecond, intituled An act for settling of the excise or tew impost upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the book of rates therein inserted, and by any other act or acts in force in Ireland relating to the revenue of customs and excise, or 1 either of them, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the same were herein expressed and enacted, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties aggrieved as in and by the said last mentioned act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his said late majesty King Charles the Second, pr any other act or acts as aforesaid, is provided.

X. And be it further enacted, That this act may be amended, Act may be altered, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present

Woos of parliament. nmmx*

H

ioo Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 62. [1806.

Continuance XI/ And be it further enacted, That this- act shall be and  *continue in'force until And upon the twenty-ninth dajrofSeptem-

ber one thousand eight hundred and six, and no longer.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers. ' Schedule (A.)

DUTIES payable on the Importation into Ireland, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described (not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain;,) and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland\ in lieu of the Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles under former Acts.

articles.

Iron, the tori of twenty hundred weight, in bars, or un wrought,

- of the produce of any British colony or plantation in America, or of the produce of the United States of America, and imported from thence -

- of any other country -

- slit or hammered into rods, and iron drawn or hammered less than of an inch square, imported in shipping of the United Kingdom, -

- in foreign shipping -

Sugar, the cwt.

- of the British plantations;

' - - White -

- Brown or Muscovado -

# For "the Drawbacks see Schedule (C), to Act annexed.

- of the growth, produce, or manufacture' of the E^st Indies, having been imported into England by the United Company of 'Merchants of England trading to the 'East Indies, for every .100 of the value thdrebf, British currency, according to the gross price at which such sugar shall have been publickly sold at the East India Company's sale in London - '- ' I'

- and further, for every hundred weight of such

sugar -

Tea, viz. 4 ! '

- imported from Great Britain, having been purchased at any of the sales of the East India Company in London for less ten 2s. ^d. British, the lb. avoirdupois, for every, TOO of the value thereof, according to, such, price - U5og

Duty. Drawback.

jC* Sm^' i-

0 10 0 2 0 6 0 10 0 2 0 0

2 16 10 3 17 2 16 10 3 1 7

1 15 0 1 10 0 X'I*; '

*) 1' t '

45 I t 43 1 2

0 8 8 0 8 8

?71 1* 0 68 4 0

Schedule

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. C. 62* 101

Schedule (B.)

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES payable on Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain (in lieu of Countervailing Duties on the like Articles under former Acts) imported into Ireland.

Sugar Refined,

For and upon every cwt. containing 112 lbs.

Of all Sugar called Bastards, whole of ground

- Lumps -

Single Loaf -

- Powder, Lpaf, and Double Loaf -

- Sugar-Candy, Brown -

- White

Sugar Refined of any other Sort -

DUTY.

/. d.

'1 10 0

2 16 Si

3 0 0

3 4 5'i

2 16 Si

3* 4 Si

3 4 Si

Schedule (C.)

TABLE of Drawbacks and Bounties on certain Sugars to be allowed and paid in lieu of former Drawbacks and Bounties on the like Articles.

Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, ft which Drawbacks and Bounties are payable.

1. 1 Drawback to be al-J lowed on Sugar oil the British Plantations in the same State in which it was imported, and Bounty on Refined Sugar, 'being around or powdered Sugar. 2. Bounty on Refined Sugar called Bastards, or Refined Loaf Sugar broken ii^ Pieces. 3. Bounty on other Refined Sugar in Loaf complete, and whole or Lump duly rc- fined.

Sterling, the Cwt. Sterling, the Cwt. Sterling, the CwL

33l. Qd. 37l. 6d. 60l. 0 d.

31 6 37 6 57 0

30 0 37 6 54 0

30 0 30 0 51 0

27 0 27 0 46 6

4 0 24 0 40 6

21 0 21 0 36 0

18 0 r 18 0 30 0

\6 -0* f*.' t - - 15 0 25 6

12 ^gitizecTE Mnlktnir 19 6 Mntbiner-

If the average price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, published in the London Gazette, shall not exceed 4Q/. sterling the cwt.

If it shall exceed 40l.' and not exceed 45l.

Hit shall exceed 45l. and not exceed 50l.

If it shall exceed 50l. and not exceed 58l.

If it shall exceed 58l. and not exceed 60l.

If it shall exceed 60l. and not exceed 62l.

If it shall exceed 62l. aftd not exceed 64l.

If it*hall exceed 64l. and not 160/;

5/v* and not

Y; j.

Mk6&r. and not

tkA '71*

101

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III.

43 C. 3. c,

440.3* c. 74

Recited acts repealed, except the recovery of ar-

CAP. LXIII.

An act to repeal several acts passed in the forty-third, and fifty* fourth years of his present Majesty, for raising and establishing an additional force in Ireland for the defence of toe realm.

[June 13, 1806.

WHEREAS an act was. passed in the forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble in Ireland an additional military force, for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the war: and whereas an act was passed in the forty-jwrtk year of the reign of Us present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional forge to be raised in Ireland, for the defence of the realm, and to provide for augmenting his MajestyVreguIar forces: and whereas it is expedient that the said recited acts should be repealed: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, the said several acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed, save and except as to the recovering and payment of rears of fines, the produce of any fines, or arrears of fines, or of any money ifcc. arising from any residue of any sums of money paid by or on

account of any person ballotted to serve in the additional force raised or required to be raised under the said act of the forty-third year aforesaid, which shall have been received by any person or persons whatever, and which, after the expiration of one calendar month after the passing of this act, shall remain in the hands of such person or persons, and shall not have been paid and applied in manner directed by the said recited acts or the forty-third and forty-fourth years, or one of them; and also save and except as to the recovering and payment of any money which shall have been received by any high-constable, chief-constable, sub-constable, or other person, for the purpose of advancing bounties, to recruits, under the said recited act of the forty-fourth year, and shall not have bfeefc paid and applied before the expiration, of one calendar month*after the passing of this act, in manner directed by the said last recited act $ and also save and except as to the payment of the charges and expences of persons requited to carry the said acts into execution; and also as to all powers, authorities, provisions, penalties, and forfeitures) relating thereto respectively., l ..

Irndnotao* And be it further enacted, Thtt.aliaod fine* and

plied for rais- penalties, which shall hssre bn levied Jit any time Wforjr the fng men, to expiration of one calendar monthj after the\pas4mgof this be paid pver and shall have been paid either into his Majestjps exchequer

103

to the county-treasurers.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64.

tf Ireland, or to any person or persons whatever, under the aid recited acts, or either of them, and shall not have been applied for the purposes of raising men in manner directed by (he said recited acts respectively, shall, within three calendar months after the passing of this act, be paid over to the respective treasurers of the several and respective counties ifl Ireland, and shall be by such treasurers respectively placed to the credit of the respective baronies or half baronies, parishes or places, within their respective counties, on account of whose deficiency such fines or penalties were levied and paid, to be represented by the respective grand juries on account of any future public cess to be thereafter levied on ad) baronies, half baronies, parishes, or places respectively: provided always, that all payments to be made out of the said exchequer of Ireland under the authority of this act, shall and nip be made by order under the hands of the of lor executing the office of lord high treasurer, or any three of diem, without any other warrant or authority whatever.

DI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in bn act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to wral any thing in the said recited act of the forty-third year daresaid contained, in relation to any relief to be granted to tie wives or families of corporals or private men raised and moiled to serve under the said act of the forty-third year tesaid; any thing in this act contained to the contrary not-fidatanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, amended, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

CAP. LXIV.

An act to repeal the several duties under the care of the commissioners for managing the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper in Ireland, and to grant nrw and additional duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the law relating to the stamp-duties in belaud.

[June IS, 1806.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the several rates and duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and upon other articles and dungs juider the care of the of far managing bn said duties in Ireland, are become numerous, intricate, and compheated, and it will tend to give facility to business and contribute materially to the publick benefit, to consolidate and linplifytbe Same; be it therefore enacted by the KingV most excdknt majesty, by and with the advice and consent erf the lords spiritual, and temporal, and commons, in this rpresent fsriumfcst asaemWed, ad by the authority of the same, That dbWLmegitaff the duties of stamps and other duties under pealed.

nagnageinent xrf, the ^of foe npandgfag.

Ae tews upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper in

TrplnnA-

Relief to the wives or families of mea serving under recited act,

43 O.3. c. 85.

Act may be altered or repealed this session.

104

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. [*$061

Ireland, and all allowances on the purchase of /stamps and made payable by any act or acts in force in Ineknifi shall, from and after the fifth day of July gne thousand q*hundred and six, cease and determine \ and that, fromh after the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and an act made in the forty-fourth year of his present Ma'

44 G 3. c. 68. reign, intituled An act for granting to hu Majesty certain,

duties in Ireland; and also an act made in the lastsessiop]

45 G. 3. c. ao. parliament, intituled An act for granting; to his Majesty

stamp-duties in Ireland; and also another act made in tb&l 45 G. 3. c. 51. session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to '* ai

repealed.

jesty certain additional stamp-duties for amending the laws n to the stamp-duties, and for indemnifying persons who hi as notaries publick without being duly licensed, (// Ireland,

and the same is and are hereby repealed, save and except cases relating to the recovering; allowing or paying any a of duties or allowances remaining unpaid, and in all cases lating to any offence, fine, penalty, or forfeiture, which have been committed or incurred under the said recited or either of them, on or before the said fifth day of July, also save and except so much of the said last recited act relates to the indemnifying of persons who have acted as taries publick.

II. And whereas the commons of Great Britain and Ire! parliament assembled\ towards raising the necessary supplies j to your Majesty, and for the support of your Majesty's gov* have resolved to grant to your Majesty several new and a< and other duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper. Upon other articles and things under the matiagement of the missioners of the stamp-duties in Ireland; and do most kumb_ seech your Majesty that it may he enacted; be it therefore enai Sc^ied^'wA^authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said and (B.) and ^ayn ^ieu an<* instead of the said duties and all

allowances in ances by this act repealed, there shall be raised, levied, coll Schedule(C.) and paid in Ireland, unto his Majesty, his heirs and sue

granted.

for and in respect of the several instruments, articles, and things mentioned, enumerated, and described in the Sd dules marked (A.) and (B.) to this act annexed, the serei sums of money and duties as they are respectively inserf described, and set forth in words and figures in the f Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) 5 and that there shall be 1 allowed, and paid for or in respect of all such articles, raattelty or things as are inserted, enumerated, and described hrtltfi Schedule marked (C.) to this act annexed, the several allowances or sums of money respectively inserted, described, set forth in the said Schedule marked (C.); and that no safe or sums of money shall be paid or given in the nature  discount or allowance on the purchase of stamps, other daie such as is and are expressed and directed in the said Sched^ marked (C.); any thing ip an act made m thwfariy*thiidyitf #3 6.3. c.ai^of his present Majesty?* reign, intituled An act fwgnamnfie

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. 105

& Majesty several duties therein mentioned, /0 be levied by tfa com-

'limnersfor managing the stamp-duties in Ireland, or any other

act or acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding;

sal that so much of the said last recited act, as provides that 43 G. 3* c.sx.

ao attorney, publick notary, or scrivener, or their, or any of&ect*3

+their clerks, shall be entitled to any such allowance, shall, from and after the said fifth day of July, be and the same is hereby repealed.

EL And be it further enacted, That the duties and allow- Duties under mce$ by this act granted and made payable, shall be, paid and act shall payable according to the amount thereof in British currency, ^it^cur-11 except only such of the said duties as are under the sum ofrenCy. npence, ' or between the sum of sixpence and the sum of one skiing; and that in all cases where any duties of stamps, or ay allowances in respect thereof, are directed to be ascertained by the amount of any sum in respect whereof such dirties are iaposed, or such allowances are made, such amount as well as the rate of duty or allowance in respect thereof, shall be estimated, calculated, and taken in British currency, except &re the amount of any sum in respect of which any duty -isssposed, shall be expressed, estimated, or calculated, to be a Imh currency, in which case such duty shall be paid acceding to the amount thereof in Irish currency.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several duties and Duties shall be Frances hereby granted and made payable, shall be under under the m*. it government, care, and management of the of

fcr the time being, appointed to manage the duties charged gioners for

ipon stamped veOum, parchment, and paper in Ireland, and stamps in

the said of are hereby required and empowered to Ireland.

employ the necessary officers under them for that purpose, and

+(in order to denote the several duties payable by virtue of this act, on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper whenever they see occasion), to use such stamps as have been heretofore provided, to denote any former duties on stamped vellum,

parchment* or paper, or to capse new stamps to be provided for that purpose, and to alter or renew the same, or any of.

them from time to time* and to do all other things necessary to be done, for putting this act into execution, with relation

to the several duties hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner, as they or the major part of them, or any one or more of them, is or are authorised to put in execution

ny former law concerning any duties under; the management

of the said of.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Persons in any person who shall be possessed of any vellum, parchment, possession of or paper stamped or marked with any stamp or mark to denote he etotfe* any of the duties now payable by law on stamped vellum, now payhble, parchment, of paper, upon which any. duty is by this act im- may have posed greater than the duties now payable thereon, a, any time

to Ung'nifdi rellum, parchment, brx>e to the said com-raiadooefd ar their head-office in Dublin} who are hereby the difference'by Gocauthorised of price.

ibB

Money arising

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c.*$4. [1806.

authorised and required, upon request of such person or person to order either that such vellum, parchment, and paper shall'stamped with a duty, denoting such greater or higher duty^ ( person requesting the same, paying the difference ofp: between the said respective stamps), or that any vellum, pac ment, or paper which shall be brought for the purpose pi person requesting the same, shall be duly stamped and m3 with stamps, denoting such duties as the person reque$tiii|tJH same shall require in exchange for such stamped veluim, pafc ment, and paper, as shall be offered for exchange, (the pej^pp whom the same shall be given, paying the difference, iT'aj between the said respective stamps): provided always, that I stamps marked on such vellum, parchment, and paper as shall fee offered for exchange shall be cancelled.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all monies arising by I by the duties jeYerai duties hereby granted shall be paid from time to timp i the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the dgi on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, in Ireland, who si pay the same, (the necessary charges of raising, paying, \ accounting for the same hieing deducted), into the receipt ofi exchequer of Ireland, at such time and in such manner as j duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper are by \ directed to be paid; and all monies so paid into the said reCK shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund Ireland.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That one-hqlf^ moiety of the money arising from the respective duties of twel pounds mentioned in the said Schedule (A.) to this act annexe on the admission of any student into the society of Kings In or on the admission of any barrister into the inns of epurt, % the whole of the duty of seven pounds in the said Schedule cq tained, and imposed upon each part of any indenture, d&e article, or contract for binding any person as clerk or apprentj to an attorney, shall be respectively accounted for, paid.

hall be paid into the Exchequer of Ireland, and carried to the Irish consolidated fund.

Application of mefiety of duties ot 20l. on admission of students and barristers and of the whole of the 7l. duty on attornies' in-denturesto King's Inns.

applied ih such and the like manner as by the said act madQ 43 G. 3.C.U. the forty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, 4

act for granting to his Majesty several duties to be levied by the coi musioners for managing the stpmp-duties in I r el arid, is directed wi respect to like duties of twenty pounds and seven pounds me tioned and contained in the Schedule tb the said recited a annexed. ' J

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and m be, lawful for the said of for managing the stamp duties out of any revenue by them collected, to pay to any person

licensed to sell spirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, and cyder li

Secran ^rtfn reta^n c*ties Dublin, Cor\, Waterford, and J+imcfidfa SUlj pre^rtions/. bounties as such persons shall, by the certificate of the poijtfnijj sioners of excise, appear to be entitled unto in respect of hajrui.sold strong beer or "ale by retail, within the veif en<ji^k* t]j! frjp, sect. 67. Verity-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred*!) 

Commissioners empower-t> pay'bounties to

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c.- lojr

i any subsequent year, ending on the twenty-ninth day of tmktr, in such quantities and proportions as are specified in an ande in the last session of parliament, for regulating licences hie sale of spirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, tad < \ Icr by m and for discouraging the immoderate use of spirituous DOTS in Irrlandy or as may be directed by any other act or acts ttrfter to be made for the like purpose.

&. And be it further enacted, That, from and after ti e said Penalty on b<say of July one thousand eight hundred and six, if any person persons forg-ill counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counts ^feited or having* "iged, any type, die, mark, or stamp, to resemble any type, die, forged stampsor stamp, at any time heretofore kept or used, or hereafter in their po|-iept or used at the head-office of of of stamp- 8e3*!on in Dublin, for denoting the charging or marking on vellum, ent, or paper, or other matter directed to be stamped, any duties charged thereon by this act, or by any other act or |at any time in force in Inland, although such act or acts may be in force at the time of such forging or counterfeiting; or person or persons (save and except such person or persons be lawfully entitled to have and to use the same for the of stamping vellum, parchment, or paper, by or under athority of the said of of stamp-duties for the being) shall have in his, her, or their possession, any type, mark, or stamp, to resemble any type, die, mark, or stump ifore kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the said &cc, for denoting the charging or marking on vellum, ent, or paper, or other matter directed to be stamped, any the duties so charged thereon as aforesaid, or shall mark or s, or cause or procure to be marked or impressed, on any, parchment, or paper, ot other matter directed to be rd any device, mark, or impression used, kept, or made at head-office aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter or tiling directed be stamped, any of the duties charged thereon by any act of liament which shall have been in force in Ireland, at the time such mark or device shall have been so used or kept at the head-office, though such act or acts may not be in force at the time of such offence committed; or if any person shall utter,

sell, or cause to be uttered, vended, or sold, or shall have >'

Tfebis or her possession with intent to utter, vend, or sell the same, my vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter with any counterfeit, device, mark, or impression thereupon, to resemble any.device, mark, or impression used, kept, or made at the head-office rfwesaid for the purposes aforesaid, knowing such device, mark, st impression to be counterfeited; then and in any of the said First offence uses every such person so offending and being thereof duly con- felony, putted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall for the first offence e by

be transported for the term of seven years, and for any subsequent ^ransportat

pfoee shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of tion; second^' " offence felony

And without

AUQ Clergy#

io8 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. pi

Stamps shall be provided to denote the duties payable on bank notes and on permits and certificates;

X. And be it further enacted, That the said commi stamp-duties in Ireland, shall cause separate and A stamps or marks to be provicted and used to denote thjj payable on bank notes and bank post-bills issued by the and company of the bank of Ireland, or by any oitl^er tcrunc*uc banker or bankers in Ireland, and also to denote the 51 Sissuedafter payable on permits relative to any excisable or other g< the time on certificates of such permits, and on licences to retail herein men- liquors, and on such other articles, matters, and things, 1$ havin^th^ sai^ of for managing the said duties shall new stamp, to quisite and necessary \ and all such bank notes, bank

be deemed unstamped.

43 O.3.C. 11 sect. 125. ex-

permits, certificates, licences, and other articles, raa things respectively, which shall be issued or granted, 1 _j8 written after one month from the day on which pubHcii shall have been or shall be given in the Dublin Gazette bythj of of stamps, that such separate or new, or i cular stamps or marks for the same have been or are resp provided, and wjpeh shall be engrossed, written or pr any vellum, parchment, or paper, without such stamps or.l or having any other stamps or marks than those so pro -used for the purpose aforesaid respectively, although sue may be of the amount by law required, shall be of no otfySj than if they had been written or printed on vellum, paref or paper, not marked or stamped; and all persons who j -or print any such bank note, bank post-bill, permit, ce licence, or other article, matter, or thing, on any parchment, having any other stamps than those so prov the purposes aforesaid, shall incur and suffer such penalty a would be liable to in case such bank note, bank post-bill, certificate, licence, or other article, matter, or thing, resp had been written or printed on paper or parchment not 1 or stamped.

XI. And be it further enacted, That so much of tbq

emptingbank- rec*tec* act made in the forty-third year of his present Majj*err notes, &c. reign, as exempts bank notes, and bank

___ w 4, post-bills, issued bj

from duty on bank or banker or bankers in Ireland, (other than the gwt compensa- and company of the bank of Ireland), from any of the out# 1 repealed.^ac* charged ^nd made payable, and as authorise

compensation to be made by or received from such bank, (j than the governor and company of the bank of Ireland), or Ira banker or bankers, foY and in lieu of stamp-duties payabj? bank notes and bank post-bills issued by such bank pr fiankfl bankers shall be and continue to be, and the same is h# repealed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after tfc fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and six, j person shall engross, write, or print, or shall cause tabeeng written, or printed, >upon any, vellum, parchment, orfpajg.matter or, thing for which such vellum^ parch^ep^ijp^rt ought to have a stamp or mart denoting the payment of J

Penalty on

persons engrossing vellum before stamped, &c.

charged thereon, before such time as such vellum, par

T

6] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c/64. 109

ishall be marked or stamped with such mark or stamp as is

iw required; or if any person shall engross, write; or print, or marked

w* to be 'engrossed, written, or printed, any matter or tiling a lower

t any reflush, parchment, or paper, which shall be marked or*

fe for any lower duty or duties than the duty or duties by law

tethereon, mresp^ct Of the matter or thing engrossed, printed,

rhen there*, (except under the rules, regulations, and direc-

PEn this act contained), every such person so offending shall for Penalty on

pinch offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds; and in case any

officer, or other person, who in respect of any office or em- guilty of suck

Etteot is or shall be entitled or entrusted to make, engross, or fraud, ecotd, entry, deed, instrument, or writing whatsoever, with a stamp duty under or by virtue of this act, or ict or acts in force in Inland\ or to issue any process, fee any proceeding, or to do any act in the execution of his^with respect to any article, matter, or thing chargeable finy such duty, shall be guilty of any fraud, practice, or fe^tSo deceive or defraud his Majesty, his heirs or suc-Bof any such duty, by making, engrossing, or writing, any fecord, entry, deed, instrument, or writing, or by causing the ttobe made, ingrossed, or written, upon vellum, parchment, er, not marked or stamped according to law, or upon ijjtofchment, or paper, marked or stamped with any mark, j

jfferimpression which he shall know to be counterfeited; fbgrosring or writing any such record, deed, instrument, or,

feting upon vellum, parchment, or paper, which shall be lor stamped for a lower duty than the duty by law payable, flame, or by neglecting to do any thing required by him to be ^athe execution of his office, or by doing any thing contrary*

Ifcty of his office, in relation to the duties under the manage-feftne said of of stamps, that then and in every rase, every such clerk, officer, or person* so guilty of any I fraud, practice, or neglect, shall for every such offence fittbesum of ten pounds, and shall also Upon conviction1 ph offence, forfeit his bffice, place, or employment respectjV'and be disabled to hold or enjoy the same for the future; Penalty on Stay attorney belonging to any court whatsoever, shall be attorne^' of any suen fraud as aforesaid, and shall be convicted if he shall be disabled for the future to practise as an p; and if any record, entry, deed, enstrument, or writing Penalty on fcf, on which any stamp duty is charged and made pay-^other per-his act, or any other act or acts in force in Ireland, shall, 9

fey to the true intent and meaning of this act, be written or {pied by any person or persons whatsoever, (not being a gro.derk or officer who in respect of any bffice or employ-wiser shall be entitled to the making, writing, or engrossing tpne) upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or according to law, or shall be written or engrossed parchment, or paper, marked or stamped' p duty than is by law payable thereon, (except btifef regulations, and directions in this act contained),

W fcftry such case there shall be due and paid to his Majesty

no

No such re^ cord, ck d. See. good in law, until duty and penalty be paid,

and deed*Stamped, See-

The number of stamps for any indentures, See. shall be calculated in the manner herein specified.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. $4. ft

Majesty, his heirs and successors, for every such deed, in or writing, oyer and above the stamp duty charged as thereon by law, the sum of ten pounds $ and no suc{ entry, deed, instrument, or writing, shall be pleaded or^j evidence in any court, or admitted in any court* or by < to be good, useful, or available in law pr equity, ui such stamp duty, as the said sum of ten pounds, shall paid to the use of his Majesty, his heirs or succe$so % 3 receipt produced for the same, under the hand or haqdl officer appointed to receive the duties of stamps \ nor-vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such record, ejT 'instrument, or writing, shall be written or madq, shall 1 dr stamped with the propel mark of stamp* to denote payable thereon; and the proper officer and officers aij enjoined and required, upon payment or tender of such t the sum of ten, pounds unto him or them, to give a the same, and to mark or stamp such vellum* pare paper, with the mark or stamp proper for such recq deed, instrument, or writing respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and l t fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and six, 1 duty is by this act, or by the Schedules hereto annexe of them, directed to be paid according to the number < or skins, every such sheet shall be calculated to contaroj t\vo words, and every such skin shall be calculated U fifteen such 6h(?ets; and that in all cases where aov st is imposed, (except where express mention is.maoe is Schedules or any of them, of any other or different qu? mode of calculation) the number of stamps to be put on l or skins, or piece or pieces of vellum or parchment* prj sheets, or piece or pieces of paper, upon which any i| lease, bond, or other deed, instrument, Aor writing shaj_ grossed, writen, or printed, shall be regulated in manner^ ing, according to the number of words, of which, the r1 such indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, instrument, oj shall consist; that is to say, Whfre the quaptity of, n which any such indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, ins or writing shall consist, shall not exceed fifteen sheets cj as aforesaid, one stamp shall be put on the skin, Of sheet c of vellum, parchment, or paper on which the same e* grossed, written, or printed: and where the quantity of words of which such indenture, lease, bond, or ot instrument, or writing shall consist, shall amount in such sheets, two stamps shall be put on the skin or skin % 3 or sheets, or piece or pieces of vellum, parchment, or p which the same shafi be engrossed, written, or printed^ progressively one further stamp for every fifteen such above the number of thirty suen sheets of which such in'lease, bond, or other deed, instrument, or writing shaM and that one or more stamp sumps shall be put ae< the calculation aforesaid, upon every skin or piece of? parchment, or sheet or pi^ce^ paper on which any

1X1

1806.] Anno irgni quadragesimo sexto Geo. 64.

rsre, lease, bond, or other deed* instrument, or writing, or any part thereof shall be engrossed, written, or printed: provided iJnp, that if the quantity or number of words of which any wch indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, instrument, or writing shall consist, shall, after calculating every amount of fcfteen sheets thereof in manner aforesaid, exceed the number irsftca sheets so Calculated by a less quantity of words than tar fifteen such sheets, no further stamp shall be required for excess above the number of sheets so calculated, unless, excess, or some part thereof, shall be engrossed, written, printed, on a distinct skin or piece of vellum or parchment, sheet or piece of paper, on which less than fifteen sheets in whole shall be engrossed, written, or printed; and that mere a stamp duty is imposed on any indenture, bond, lease, other deed, instrument, or writing, in-, proportion to the J it of rent reserved, or of money lent or paid, such stamp c^shall be payable and paid in respect only of any number turds, amounting to fifteen sheets or less, of which such, rure, lease, bond, or other deed, instrument, or writing* consist; and that in respect of any number of words mid fifteen sheets, of which such indenture, bond, lease, or deed, instrument, or writing shall consist, a stamp duty be paid, and the number of stamps shall be calculated and on the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such inden-mlease, bond, or other deed, instrument, or writing shall be / j$ed, written, or printed, according to the directions of act, as in case of an indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, fotmment, or writing, not chargeable according to the amount rent reserved, or money lent or paid: provided alsp^ that f.hing herein contained snail extend to cases where it is ex-dy provided in any of the schedules to this act annexed, that duty imposed and mentioned in such schedule, shall not be rged upon or in respect of more than one skin or piepe of m or parchment.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every schedule or Schedules, -instrument annexed to any indenture, lease, bond, or other jn^ftUret d, instrument, or writing, and every indorsement made deemed part von, shall, in estimating the number of stamps required by thereof, rr ue of this act to be put thereon, be deemed as part of such vntuie, lease, bond, or other deed, instrument, or writing;

die quantity or number of words contained therein shall be -edated as if the same were contained in such indenture* lease, d, or other deed, instrument, or writing.

IV. And be it further enacted, That where any indenture, Indentures,

bond, or other deed, instrument, or writing shall have been 'been mossed, written, or printed, on vellum, parchment, or paper, ^pe<i T.ped with one stamp on every skin or piece of such vellum one stamp parchment, or on every sheet or piece of such paper, before when blank, ny matter or thing shall have been engrossed, written, or7nafed thereon, but shall not have been fully stamped as by ?n a ihaftit directed, such indenture, lease, bond, deed, instru- timfe.<

111.

nr

Officer to cal eulate the duty on indentures, See. and write on them certain particulars.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. C.

figment, orwrtfrng, maybe brought or transmitted ar any1 before the ekecution"thereof, or after execution thereof v the spiice Of three calendar months after the'date1 tKereds, hcfad-bffice: oT the sriid'fcpmmissioners, for managing the A on stamped vellum, pnrtnmdit, and1 paper in t)i&!iny an3 and mhy be there'fully* stamped as this apt requires, on pa of the^drftry for the same; and thitt whenever any ind lease, bo^d*, Meed, instrument, or writing shall be required stamped as aforesaid the same shall be carried and deliv some '5fficcV'app6ih^cd by the said of fen: that^ pose, and such officer shall calculate the duty payable'th and the number rof*"stamps required by this act to! fc thereof' and shall*deceive the said duty accordingly, and write in words at length upon thd margent of each s' piece 6F yeffitm prparchment, or sheet or piece of paper, wh such indenture, lelise, bond, deedi.instrument, or Writings*' engrossed, Written, pr printed, the number of sheets con therein* afctdtding to the calculation "hereinbefore' directea, the day prr which- such payment shall be* made, and sh*j strribenis hame thereto;, and in case the duty shall be sd p the sirid headLoffiqe, then the indenture, lease, bond, 'dec strurYien't] Or'writing so brought to be stamped; shall, o rrient of tile said duty be stamped with suefr number of

- and-such stamps as the case shall reijuire; and in case the,

of duty at the shall be so paid af any other office or place, or to any _ head-office, be appointed1 by sche'sifd 'Commissioners, the'indenture, fc^tobe8' bond; deed, instrument, or writing, whereon the duty so ]_ stamped, and and the number of sheets so contained therein, shall have at other offices calculated and written, shall be transmitted Within the spa indentures, twenty-one days FromHhe day-of payment of such duty transmitted to ^iea^ office thebe stamped, and the sarhe shall be'stamped ar the head-office higly, with such nurftbey of stamps as the c?fce shall req within ai days and if the person paying ^uch duty ai any such Office or for that pur- or to any such person to be appointed by the said commiss' P08^ as aforesaid, shall be 'desirous that the same shall be ttan*

., to the sdid hehd^office<By 'she Officer tb whom such dutyh

paid, and shall leaie the^ame with such officer for such ptr Officer receivT such officer shall upon*'recitl^tJ sigtr and deliver art

ledgmerit that such indenture, lease, -bond, or^bther deed, strument, or writing, has been left with him for such and shall transmit such indenture, lease, bond, of other strument, or writing, to the said head-office to be stamped as said; and the same shall be returned to such officer as conveniently may be, after the stamping thereof, and srteh 0 shall deliver baOk the Same to the person entitled thereto, re-delivery to him of the acknowledgment which he shall given for the same if ariy such havebcen given.

XVI. And be it further e Aided, That, from and a said fifth day of July one thiu&md eight hhrtdred and" any attorney, solicitor, clerk, officer, or other person; sh

On payment

ty i

acknowledge receipt of indentures, &c. for transmission, 5c c.

Any person not bringing indentures

not dulj

wPumedS*8* write, or print, er cattse to be engrossed* 'Written?

rtiallforfeitao/.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. 11 j

printed, any indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, instrument,

writing, on rellum, parchment, or paper, stamped with on* imp only in manner aforesaid, or not duly stamped according the directions of this act, and shall neglect to bring such indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, instrument, or writing, to duly stamped, in the manner, and within the time herein rected and allowed for stamping the same, every such attorney, iicitor, clerk, officer, or other person shall forfeit and pay the a n of twenty pounds.

KVII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for Indentures,

attorney, solicitor, clerk, officer, or other person, to carry mnsmit any such indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, in- head^office at lent, or writing, at anytime within six calendar months any time on the date thereof, to the said head-office to be stamped in payment of dinner aforesaid, paying the duty for the same, and also the duty and r sum of ten pounds by way of penalty; and also to carry a>en transmit the same to the said head-office to be stamped in like rmer, at any time after the expiration of the said six months, payment of the duty for the same, and also the further sum pounds for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, t or piece of paper, whereon such indenture, lease, bond, ther deed, instrument, or writing shall be engrossed, written, printed, by way of penalty, for not having before caused the.to be duly stamped, according to the directions of this act; no indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, instrument, or tfo indenture ting, shall in any case be pleaded or given in evidence, or be i, useful, or available in any manner whatever, unless and stamped.

: i the same shall be fully stamped as required by this act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be'it further enacted, That Actions

any action or prosecution shall be commenced against brought for c*...0 engrossing

v person for engrossing, writing, or printing any indenture, dentures &c.

: bond, deed, or other instrument or 'writing, contrary to contrary to

directions of this act, which shall not be brought to the said this act, not

rad-office to be stamped, within three calendar months after the* defeated

thereof, and such action or prosecution shall be prosecuted the duty, 8cc.

effect, the same shall not be delayed, prejudiced, deseated, after action

bored, by reason of the payment of any duty or penalty on commenced.

ping the same, or by reason of the same being stamped after

commencement of 9uch action or prosecution; but that the

*tiff or prosecutor in such action or prosecution shall be

: led to recover as if such duty and penalty had not been

or such stamp or stamps had not been put thereon after

commencement of such action; any thing herein contained to

contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall add Penalty of

word or words in or to any such indenture, lease, bond,

m ing to inden-

ted, instrument, or writing, after any officer or person ap- tures, &c.

ited by the said of, snail have calculated the after the duty,

payable thereon, and before the same shall be duly stamped, been caj-

-ording ta the directions of this act, or shall alter any WOT^ sUmp-

lettcrin any writing hereby required to be made/ by such

Vot.XLVI. I ^Wfficex

"4

Stamps on letters of attorney to execute leases shall be paid by lessors.

ed shall be detained by registrar that stamps may be examined. S Ann. c. a.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. [1806.

officer or person on the mar^ent of such indenture, lease, bond* deed, instrument, or writing, after such officer shall hard signed the same according to the directions of this act, or shall knowingly utter or publish as true any such indenture, leaaa bond, deed, instrument, or writing, with such word or wom added thereto, or any such altered writing, with intent, to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or, successors, or any other pen Son or persons, then and in such case every person so adding altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, shall forfeit asu pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the stamp duty by the act and the Schedule (A.) hereto annexed, imposed with vespea to any letter of attorney, empowering any person to execute any lease or leases of lands in Ireland, snail in all cases! payable and paid by the lessor or party granting ouch leased letter of attorney, and not by the tenant or lessee, any agiqi ment, law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstandiap Deedsbrought

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after m to be register-said fifth day of July one thousand, eight hundred and a| whenever any deed, conveyance, or will shall be brought to b registered pursuant to an act of parliament made in Ireland the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act)\ the public registering of all deeds, conveyances, and wills that shall made of any houses, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, i any act or acts made for the amendment thereof, it shall 20 may be lawful for the registrar appointed for the registry i deeds, conveyances, and Wills under the said recited acts, 2$ he is hereby authorised and required to keep and detain in it! custody all such deeds, conveyances, and wills as shall be s brought to him, and all memorials thereof for the space of tt days at the least after the same shall be delivered to or left wit Jiim for the purpose of being registered, unless the same shall sooner inspected in manner after mentioned; and the said regij trar shall from time to time produce all such deeds, conveyance and wills, and all memorials thereofr in his custody, to at officer or person appointed by the said of & managing the stamp-duties for the inspection of stamps, wha ever such registrar shall be thereto required by such officer* person; and in case such registrar shall refuse or neglect to kee and detain such deeds, coveyances, wills and memorials, for tk space of ten days, unless the same shall have been sooner u spected, or to produce the same when required in mams aforesaid, he shall for every offence forfeit the sum of fifty pound

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful f< every body politick or corporate, corporation or company 1 Ireland, which shall admit any person or persons into any sic corporation or company by themselves, or by some person <| persons employed by or under them, previously to the admisao of any suen person into any such corporation or company, I demand and receive for the use of his Majesty, his heirs an successors, 0* from the person so to be slutted, theserei

Faulty on officers admitting persons into corporations without receiving the

stamp-duties

payable

ShcrtoxL

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 6. 115

ad respective duties by this act imposed on the entry, minute, or memorandum of the admission of such person into such corporation or company; and the town clerk, or clerk or other proper officer of such body politick or corporate, corporation or company, shall make an entry, minute, or memorandum of such admission, upon the proper stamp in some book, roll, or record tf sack corporation or company, within one month after any feaoa shall be admitted into such corporation or company; any thing in the said recited act of the forty-third year of his present Majesty, to the contrary notwithstanding; and if such town clerk, clerk, or other officer, shall neglect or refuse so to do, he shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all town clerks, ^clerks, and other publick officers who shall from time to time records of tare in their custody, any publick books, files, records, remem- publick of-krances, dockets, or proceedings, the sight or knowledge whereof

nay tend to the securing any of his Majesty's stamp-duties in sons ap.y Inland, or to the proof or discovery of any fraud or omission pointed by the in relation thereto, or to any of them, shall at all seasonable of (be or times permit any officer or person thereunto authorised * by the commissioners for the time being, appointed to manage it said duties or the major part of them, to inspect and view ifi such books, files, records, remembrances, dockets, and proceedings as aforesaid, and to take thereout such notes and nemorandums as shall be necessary for the purposes last-men-fiooed without fee or rewar4; and jf any town clerk, clerk, or fther officer shall refuse or neglact so to do upon demand made ty such officer or person so authorised as aforesaid, such town clerk, clerk, or other officer so refusing or neglecting, shall for every such refusal or neglect forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, froiti and after the g^tors,

Erst day of November one thousand eight hundred and six, every between person admitted, sworn, enrolled, or registered, a solicitor or Nov. 1, and ittomey, or as a proctor, agent, or procurator in any of his the com- Majesty's courts in Dublin, or in any ecclesiastical court, or in Hiiaiy^eim any court of admiralty in Ireland, or in any other court in annually, Inland, holding pleas where the debt or damage doth amount deliver, at the to forty shillings or more, shall annually, between the first day bead office in of November and the commencement ot Hilary term then next ioilowing, during such time as he shall continue so to practise name &c. in in any of the said courts, or before such person shall commence, order to ob-canyoq, or defend, any action or suit or any proceedings what-tain certifi* loever, in any of the said courts, deliver or cause to be deli- ca*c8# rered to the said of appointed to manage the duties en stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to their officer or officers appointed by them, at the head office of stamps in DMn, a paper or note in writing containing the name and usual place ot residence of such person, and stating whether he tas been so admitted three years or not; and thereupon, and poa payment of the duties by this act imposed, according to

Certificates shall be entered with the

ii6* Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. [1806.

the time he has been admitted as stated in such paper or note in writing, every such person shall be entitled to a certificate duly stamped to denote the payment of the dutyim- posed according to the time he shall have been admitted as aforesaid; which certificate the said of, or such person or persons as shall be appointed by them for that purpose, shall cause to be immediately issued under the hand and name of the proper officer, in such form as the said commissioners stall devise.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every certificate so to be obtained as aforesaid, shall be produced in one of the proper officer6 courtsn which the person described therein shall be admitted, of the courts; enrolled, sworn, or registered, to some officer or officers of thf his fee, rj. said courts, to be appointed for that purpose by the judges o

the said courts respectively, either before the first day of Hilary term in each year, or before such attorney or solicitor, proctor agent, or procurator shall be permitted to practise as aforesaid; and such officer and officers, so to be appointed, shall and hi and they is and are hereby respectively required, from time to*time, upon the production of such certificate duly stamped, and upon the payment of the fee of one shilling, to enter in alphas betical order the names of the persons described in suck respective certificates, together with the places of such their residence, and the time they, have been admitted as aforesaid, and the respective dates of such certificates, in books or rolls let be prepared for that purpose, to which books or rolls in the said courts respectively, all persons shall and may at seasonably times have free access without fee or reward.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every such certificate issued to any solicitor or attorney, proctor, agent, or procurator, under the directions of this act, between the first day of November in any year and the commencement of the then next Hilary term, snail bear date on the second day of November in ouch year; and every certificate issued at any other time shall bear date on the day on which the same shall be issued; and every such certificate shall cease and determine on the first day of November next following the day of the date thereof.

Penalty on

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

ac^f w!tho^t said first day of November one thousand eight hundred and six, certificate or'i_* 1

giving false any person who shall in his own name or in the name of anjr

place of re- other person or persons sue out any writ or process, or com-

ffcence, &c.$ol.mence, prosecute, carry on, or defend any action or suit, or any proceeding as an attorney or solicitor, proctor, agent, or procurator, in any of the courts aforesaid, for or in expectation of any gain, fee, or reward, without having obtained such certificate in such manner as herein-before is directed, or shall deliver in to the respective officers to be appointed for the pur-

5>ose of issuing, granting, or registering such certificates, any alse or fictitious place of: residence, or any false or fictitious statement of his having been admitted an attorney, solicitor, proctor, agent, or procurator*, or of the time when he shall have been

st

Books, &c. may be inspected.

Date and duration of such certificates.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. 11 y

jo admitted, every such person for every such offence shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, and shall be and is hereby made incapable to maintain or prosecute any, action or suit in any court of law of equity for the recovery of any fee,

Reward, or aisbursements on account of prosecuting, caiTying on, or defending, any such action, suit, or proceeding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any attorney or Penalty on solicitor in Ireland, who shall not have previously paid the full attoraannot amount of the stamp duty by law charged and payable on any war.

warrant to appear for any plaintiff or defendant, or to prosecute rants or other fir defend any action or suit, or to confess judgement thereon, proceedings in er 00 any writ, process, pleacting, rule, order, record, instru- 8uit,

ent, or proceeding whatsoever, in any action or suit at law or fa equity, shall charge to the plaintiff or defendant in such action or suit, or shall receive from such plaintiff or defendant, w from any other person, the amount of any such stamp dpty*, and shall not have actually made use of or issued or filed the warrant, writ, process, pleacting, rule, order, record, instru-j wot, or proceeding, duly stamped as required by law, for I which such charge shall be made, or such amount shall be recehred, such attorney or solicitor shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Warrant of tod fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and six, no attorney shall toginal writ, subpoena, habeas corpus, capias, quo minus, or gbefore f tty other writ or any other process or mandate to require the iwuing process f ippearance of any person or persons whatsoever in any suit, or entering plea, or action whatsoever, shall issue or pass the seal of any of appearance by s Majesty's courts of Chancery, King's Bench, Common Pleas, the attorney.

I w Exchequer, in Dublin, or any other court whatsoever in fortW, where die debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings,

[ er the thing in demand is of that value, nor shall any declaration I in ejectment be received or filed in any of the courts at Dublin, nor shall any appearance be received or entered many of the aid courts, unless and until the* attorney or solicitor wno shall issue such writ, process, or mandate, or who shall bring.or field such declaration in ejectment to be filed, or who shall enter such appearance, shall first file or cause to be filed with the u, proper officer of the court, who shall issue such writ, process,

or mandate, or shall enter or file such declaration or appearance, a warrant of attorney duly stamped from the person or persons at whose suit or on whose behalf such writ, process, or man. date shall so issue, or sudr declaration in ejectment shall be filed, or such appearance shall be entered empowering such attorney or solicitor to issue such, writ, process, or mandate, or to deliver such declaration or enter such appearance, as the case

And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Attornies shall aid fifth <by of July one thousand eight hundred and six, be- file warrant be. fore my attorney of the said courts of King's Bench, Common ^sfturtion^ Has, or Exchequer, shall enter satisfaction upon the foot of the of judgement.

record

shall be stamped on the first skin.

118 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. [1806.

record of any judgement entered of record in any or either f the said courts, such attorney shall first file with the propftV officer of the court the warrant empowering him to enter sdki satisfaction duly stamped with the stamp-dut^ in the & - '^to this act annexed mentioned.

Sm&*Sc. o SY*, ^d beu-furthCT enac$ed> Th?t stamp duty byattomies Schedule (A.) to this act annexed, mentioned, and imposed,

' any declaration, bill, answer, demurrer, or plea, at law'i

equity, filed by or on behalf of any attorney or solicitor, shall sue or be sued as an attorney or solicitor, in his owA person, in the said courts of King's Bench, Common PI Exchequer, or any other court of law whatsoever in It or in the court of Chancery, or the equity side of the Exchequer, shall be stamped and marked on the first vellum or parchment or sheet or piece of paper on whi< such declaration, bill, answer, demurrer, or plea, shall grossed and filed in any of the courts aforesaid by or on t of such attorney, and shall be paid abd payable over and all other stamp-duties payable on such declaration, bill, demurrer, or plea, respectively.

XXXII. And fir the better ascertaining the duties' on orders to be from time to time made and given in causes dependh said courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, Chancery, or xc) Rule-book of be it enacted, That, from and after the first day of N'c Kin* Bench t^ou8anc^ eight hundred and six, the officer or officers of &c. in Dublin every of such courts respectively haring the legal custody

shall be stamped.

rule-books belonging to each of the said courts respectively* cause such rule-books to be duly stamped at the head-office said of of stamps in Dublin with the stamps mi on the rules and orders of such courts respectively, and i Schedule (A.) to this act annexed particularly mentioned set forth; and no such rule or order shall be entered in iny rule-book before and until the proper stamp for every stitn or order shall have been stamped or marked on the leaf fcr1< of the rule-book, in which such rule or order shall be entered, act or acts in force in Ireland, or ariy law, custom, or usagfc the Contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after w oc iucu sa'^ fifthday of July one thousand eight hundred and six, teforeservtee ejectment to be brought for non-payment of rent, pursuant to thereof, several statutes now m force irt Ireland, and also in any ejetii& on title, the original declaration in Such ejectment shall be fiteAt the court wherein such ejectment shall be brought before sdrtfc of such ejectment or any notice thereof, on the defendantor tenidrtfci possession; and that a copy of such declaration, being first mafc out by the attorney who shall bring the same to be filed, shall be signed and attested by the proper officer of the court wherein Ae same shall be filed (for which no fee shall be given) as of the term wherein such ejectment shall be brought; and that ofl tb service of such ejectment, or of any notice mereof, or of anycp^ of such declaration on the defendant or tefiant In possess^) k

Declarations in ejectments shall be filed

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. 119

shall be sufficient to shew and produce to such defendant or tenant in possession, such attested copy of such declaration, and the shewing' and producing such attested copy shall be as good and valid to all intents and purposes as if the original declaration lad been so produced and shewn; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And, for the better guarding against the forgery and re-

huutg of stamps used in processes fir recovery of small debts, by ivay f

dcivd bill in Ireland, be it enacted, That all civil bill processes civil bill pro-all copies thereof, shall be signed, dated, and appointed for cesses shall be each particular cause and session, by the respective assistant signed, See. by fcmsters in every county in Ireland; and every such assistant barrister shall, for signing, dating, and appointing, every such riginad process, and all the copies thereof, receive from the rL ntir: or person issuing or requiring such process, the sum of Spence British currency in the whole, and no more; and that every plaintiff obtaining a decree shall be entitled to recover gainst the defendant such sum of sixpence, in addition to the ether legal costs heretofore recoverable by law; and that any person using any such process or copy or copies thereof for any other purpose than that for which such process or copy was so rzned, dated, and appointed, shall be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor, and punishable as foT a misdemeanor at common law.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no affidavit, made for Na^ffidavits

purpose of grounding thereon any presentment of any grand forgrounding.for raising money for repair of roads, or for any other*

publick purpose, shall be lodged with or received by the secretary j*of any grand jury, nor shall be entered in any schedule delivered &c. to be rc-; o any grand jury, nor shall any such affidavit he delivered to ceivedunless grand jury, unless such affidavit shall be written on p^per ^7 rtainPc^ tamped with the stamp required by the Schedule to this act: nexed; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXaVI. And be it further enacted, That the said com- Stamps for r.issioners of stamp-duties shall cause to be printed in Roman licences shall # letters on the face of every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, ^av^rWr<^0 kA of every sheet or piece of paper, on which shall be. stamped ^nce$ any of the duties by this act and the Schedule (A,) hereto they are ap-annexed, imposed in respect of any licences for the several pur-phcable. pcses in the said Schedule specified, certain words at length, signifying the particular licence to which such stamp shall be applicable; and that no licence shall be good, valid, or effectual, Certain li-to any purpose whatsoever, unless the same shall be signed.and concesahallb* punted upon paper duly stamped, and on which such words shall be printed in manner aforesaid. m of excise"

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That licences to dec in Ireland, persons, vi2

To manufacture tobacco, or to deal in unmanufactured Tobacco ma-tobacco; nufccturers.

And also licences to persons to keep a still or stills to rectify Rectifiers, ft compound spirits and strong waters:

And

izo Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64.

Spirit-factor#. And.also licences to factors or persons not being distillers, ai

Malt-sellers.

Maltsters.

Brewers, &c. of beer and sweets, mead, vinegar.

Tanners.

Vellum.

Paper-hang-

plmeMnakers. for8alf' Pr \ 8611 Jpei4>angings:

r An/i olflA 1ron/'oo trt nnrcnti. in Ira

not being otherwise licensed to sell spirits, selling foreign spiafci or home-made spirits on commission:

And also licences to persons not being maltsters, selling I on commission:

And also licences to persons to keep a malt-house, andi malt for sale:

And also licences to persons to brew strong beer or small beer for sale:

And also licences to persons to brew or make for sale or made wines:

And also licences to persons to make for sale, or sell ] or mead:

And also licences to persons to make vinegar for sale:

And also licences to persons to keep a tan-yard or or to tan leather or to dress hides or skins in oil:

And also licences to persona to make vellum or pare And also licences to persons to manufacture paper-i

Auctioneers.

Glass bpttle venders. Manufacturers of candles and soap.

And also licences to persons to keep a mill for making ] And also licences to persons to sell by auction:

And also licences to persons to make glass bottles, a vessels and utensils of common bottle metak

And also licences to persons to manufacture candles oMl for sale;

and may, from and after the passing of this act, be j issued in manner following, that is1 to say J If any pc

shall and issued in manner following, that is to say k9 it any p

persons requiring any such licence do and Snail produce to

chief commissioners of excise mIreland, bi to any person orpef

to be by the said of, or any three of them, for

purpose appointed, vellum, parchment, or paper, duly si

with the duty by this act required f6r such licences respectii

and with such words printed thereon as shall be applicable to

licence required (but not otherwise) it shall and may be la1

for such of or for the person or persons by the

of for that purpose appointed, to grant any'

licence or licences respectively to any person or persons shall respectively require the same, in writing, without any f

reward for the same; and that in all such licences shall oe

tained and set forth the purpose of such licence, pri

manner aforesaid, the name and residence of the person totfMl

the same shall be granted, the day of issuing the same,

time for which the same shall be in force, in such manner

form as may be from time tb time directed by the said cOttfljlfr

sioners of excise for that purpose. "

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the commission*

of stamp-duties in Ireland for the time being, or any of commission- r A J

era of stamps, or person or persons to be for that purpose appointed w

- the said of, shall and may tinder his or their luM

or hands grant any licence or licences (without fee or fewahl)to

any person or persons who shall require the same, in writfflg/for any of the purposes following 5 that is to say.

To

Certain 11 cencea by

-fix.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. 121

To let out horses for hire for the purpose of travelling post, Horses hired* fiy the mile, or from stage to stage:

To manufacture hats:

To sell hats by retail:

To sell coffee by retail, or to keep a coffee-house:

To sell tea or groceries by retail:

To sell or make for sale any gold or silver plate:

To be hawkers, pedlars, or petty chapmen:

And that in all such licences shall be contained and set forth Hawkers.

'the purpose of such licence printed in manner aforesaid, and ako the name and residence 01 the person to whom such licence liaU be granted, the date of issuing the same, and the time for which the same shall be in force, in such manner and form as ay be from time to time directed by the said of of tamps for that purpose.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every person ap- All persons plying for any of the said licences shall comply with all the licensed shall directions, rules, and regulations in an act, made in the last *7 w, tl1 session of parliament, intituled An act for the better regulation of^G.3! c. 51.

to persons in Ireland, dealing in exciseable commodities, and.imaged in the several occupations therein mentioned, or in this act, hr any other act or acts in force in Ireland relating to such licences respectively mentioned and contained; and that all pfcenceS for the sale of spirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale* and ! cyder, by retail, shall be granted and issued in manner and jynder the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, contained in an [jetmade in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for AS G. 3. c. 50. i updating licences for the sale of spirituous liquors, nvine, beer, ale, f&d cyder, by retail, and fir discouraging the immoderate use of [spirituous liquors in Ireland, or any act or acts for amending the; iame.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said of Regulations .*f stamp-duties shall cause to be printed on the face of every as to licences ukin or piece of vellum, or parchment, or sheet or piece t>fturOTarfd0* paper, on which shall be stamped any of the duties by this art sellers of and the Schedule (A.) hereto annexed imposed, in respeef of hats, fiances to any person to manufacture hats, or to utter or vend fiats by retail, besides the words signifying the particular licence to which such stamp shall be applicable, a list of the several dudes payable under Schedule (B.) to this act annexed* for and ipontae several sorts of hats sold by retail5 and that before*icy licence shall be granted to any person to manufacture hats, ft to sell hats by retail, any person requiring such licence to OOHihucture hats shall first make oath that he will not sell any.1m quantity than one dozen of hats at one time to any one penon without taking out a licence to utter or vend hats by mail, an<K any person requiring such licence to utter or vend fiats by retail, shall first make oath that he will not utter, vend, or wb. or cause to be uttered, vended, or sold, any hat whatever which shall not Have a lining affixed therein duly stamped vtttdhg to law; and that he will not himself defraud, or

Hatters.

Coffee sellers. Grocers. Plate (gold and silver) makers.

tftft

43 G. 3. C. ject.i4.

Hat duties.

Commissioners of stamp-duties may empower persons to receive statements and issue permits under recited Set.

Provisions in 43 G. 3. c. % % feet, xi, 13, 16. as to sale of unstamped hats by licensed dealers, repealed.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c.^4. [1806.

willingly permit or suffer any person in his service or inent to defraud, or in any manner directly or indireofy concerned, aiding, or abetting in the defrauding his his heirs or successors, of the stamp-duties on hats; which 0 shall and may be taken before the said of of 5 or any one of them, or before any justice of peace his jurisdiction, and shall be signed by the party making; same, and shall be produced to the person required togi such licence by the party requiring such licence respectively* XJLI. And whereas by an act. made in the forty-third year " present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting Majesty certain duties on licences to persons selling hats, on Jiats sold by retail, in Ireland, it is amongst other things that no person licensed by the Said act to deal in hats shall hats purchased by him from the shop or warehouse of a manufi until he shall hcroe furnislted to the of of stamp-duties statement in writing, and shall have taken out from some one \ said of such permit as in and by the said act art tinned and directed: and whereat it is expedient to facilh granting of such permits $ be it therefore enacted, That, fn after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the said of of stamp-duties, by warrant their hands and seals, to authorise and empower any di or distributors of stamps in Ireland, or any other p persons to be appointed by the said of, to the statements and to grant and issue the permits in the act mentioned, subject nevertheless to such regulations, visions, privileges, restrictions, conditions, penalties, and feitnres, and* with the like means and powers for recovi and applying such penalties and forfeitures, as are in the said recited act enacted in relation to the statements to be furnished and to the permits directed to be grafted any of the said of, under and by virtue of the last recited act; and that all statements furnished to ani permits granted by the said distributors or other persoqf appointed by the said of under and by virtue of act, shall be as good, valid, and effectual to all intents and poses as if such statements had been fumjshed to os permits had been granted and issued by the said cqj of stamps under and by virtue, of the said last recited act; diing in the said recited act, or in any other, act contains^ die contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That. so much of the last recited, act of the forty*third year of his present reign, as permits or allows any licensed dealer in hats, di the continuance of such licence, to sell to any other dealer in hats, any hat or hats wherein no lining shall be stamped, or marked, or before sudi time as the lining or i covering thereof shall have been stamped or marked in am directed by law, shall be and the same is hereby repeated*

that if any such licensed dealer in hats shall, after the

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. 123

of this act, sell to any other licensed dealer in hats, or to any ether person, any hat or hats wherein no lining shall be affixed, lamped, or marked, or before such time as the lining or inside vering thereof shall have been stamped or marked in manner directed by law, such licensed dealer in hats shall be liable to jch penalties and forfeitures as are inflicted by the said last recited act of the forty-third year aforesaid, on any other person filing such hats in manner aforesaid.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Comissioning of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the said com- ers of stamp*

: sioners for managing the stamp-duties in Ireland, or any one to

more of them, and they are hereby required to grant to any persons to: non or persons requiring the same (not being a distributor of retail stampjL amps appointed by the said of) a licence to deal ji 2nd retail stamps, which licence shall be duly stamped: provided always, that every person requiring such licence shall mer into a bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, (which end the said of are hereby empowered to take for Majesty's use), in the penalty of one hundred pounds, con-inioned that such person shall not sell nor offer to sell or have iteep in his or her possession, any forged or counterfeit ump: provided also, that all persons so licensed shall be subject and liable to all such rules and regulations as to the uttering, ending, or selling stamps by them, as are contained in th6 said

- cited act of the forty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, nruled. An act for granting to his Majesty several duties therein

riknedy to be levied by the commissioners for managing the stamps tees in Ireland, with respect to person's licensed to utter, vend,

- sell stamps under and by virtue of the said recited act: profiled also, that no such licence shall be granted to any person, f deal in or retail stamps in any town or place in Ireland eicept, within the district of Dublin metropolis) where a dis-mibutor of stamps shall have been appointed by the said commhsioneTS, and shall reside and act as such distributor.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all licences in force Duration of ^mediately before the passing of this act, shall continue in hcence*. force until the expiration of such licences, according to the ms in force at the time of the granting thereof; and that the ! eral licences mentioned and specified in Schedule (A.) to this ect annexed, and to be hereafter granted and issued in manner in this act mentioned and directed, shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March next after the date of such licences respectively, and no longer; except such licences as mall be granted to brewers, maltsters, and rectifiers of spirituous quors, which licences shall respectively continue in force until the twenty-ninth day of September next after the date thereof,

2nd no longer; and except licences to retailers of spirituous liquors, which shall be in force until the twenty-ninth day of September in the year for the term of which they shall be (panted.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That no person in Ireland Penalty on

shall persons exer-

Clerks of the peace, &c. may provide stamps with-out taking out a licence

*24 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. [1806.

rising trades shall use, exercise, or follow any trade, business, occupation, o hot having calling, on the licence for using or exercising whereof a stamp fences under lS without having previously taken out -sad

this act, 50l. licence duly stamped and in manner by this act mentioned xu directed; and that any person in Ireland, who, from and Xfo; the passing of this act, shall use, exercise, or follow any tf business, occupation, or calling, on the licence for usingU exercising whereof a stamp duty is imposed, without havix) previously taken out such licence duly stamped and }n mannd by this act directed, shall for every such offence forfeit and f* the sum of fifty pounds.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any of the peace or other person, who, by any act or acts in face in Ireland, is allowed to provide any stamp or stamps for 9$ licence, bond, or other matter or thing subject to stamp-d shall and may provide the same, an^ receive the amount of to retail them. stamp duty thereon, together with such fee, as such clerk of peace or other person is by law entitled unto, without*ha* obtained any licence for that purpose, and shall not, on acc< of providing such stamp or receiving payment for the saroe^ deemed, a vender or retailer of or dealer in stamps, or liable T any penalty for so doing; any thing in this act, or in any otf| act or acts in force in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person aq| is or shall be authorised or empowered to grant or issue licence on which a stamp duty is imposed by this act, ii grant or issue any such licence on unstamped vellum, pall ment, or paper, or on vellum, parchment, or paper not stain] with the stamp by this act required, or on vellum, parchma or paper on which some words signifying the particular lice to which such stamp is applicable shall not be printed in m ner directed b^ this act, every such person shall for every st offence forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds; and if a veed shall be given and judgement entered against any person oninformation for such offence, such person shall forfeit his offi and shall be for ever disabled from being again appoin thereto.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and af the said fifth day of July one thousand fright hundred and every person in Ireland who shall keep or use any dog, gun, n or other engine fit for or commonly used for the taking destruction of game, not acting as a game-keeper under or virtue of a deputation or appointment (duly registered), sh previously deliver in a* paper or account in writing contain! the name and place of abode of such person to an officer to for that purpose appointed by the of of stamps the head-office in Dublin^ or to the distributor of stain dwelling nearest to the residence of such person, and sh annually take out a certificate thereof, either from the said bea| office or from such distributor; and that every deputation j appointment of game-keeper granted to any person by any loi

Penalty on issuing unstamped licences 50l.

Regulations as to game certificates.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. 125

or lady of a manor in Ireland % shzU be registered with an officer to be appointed with the said of, at the said head-sfice^or with the distributor of stamps dwelling nearest to the -

lanor to which such deputation shall relate; and the game-heper so appointed shall annually take out a certificate thereof, ogner from the said head-office or from the said distributor; and it no certificate which shall be granted to any or either of such s respectively by any other distributor of stamps than the so to be appointed at the said head-office or such nearest laident distributor as aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and ef-Ictual to any intent or purpose whatsoever; any thing in any for acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all insurances for Insurances o* firing houses, furniture, merchandize, or other property, houses or P loss by fire, which shall be made or effected by any effected frons resident in Ireland, and appointed by the corporation of {J, inland by fil exchange assurance in London, or by the corporation of persons ap-assurance, or either of them, or by any company in pointed by tat Britain so; insuring property, as the agents of such corpo- orconman?e* ons or companies respectively, shall be subject and liable \n Great Bri-Tto the duties imposed on suen insurances by any act or acts tain, subject wee in Ireland, and to no other duties whatsoever, although the

1 policies by which such insurances shall be made, shall beIn8il dut* ier the common seal of the said corporations or companies pecthrelj, and although the same shall be completed in the k or in part, previous to their being sent to such agents hiand; any law, statute, or usage to the contrary notwith-ifing.

L. And be it further enacted, That all insurances whatever All insurances fffisuring property from loss by fire, or from the dangers of Jre-

pseas, or other perils at sea, for which subscriptions shall {^bje to Irish received or policies or receipts shall be delivered out, or duty, and to peering which any other matter or thing shall be done in dll regulations, hniy by any person or persons who shall act for or on behalf3 3*

ny person or persons, or for or on behalf of any body or 86071* 4ei politic or corporate in Great Britain, shall be liable to all sties made payable in respect of the several insurances under by virtue of this act, or any other act or acts in force in W; and that all such insurances on which the duty payable bw shall not be paid by or on behalf of the person or tons whose interest or property shall be insured, at or before \ time of such insurance being effected, shall be actually null ivoid to all intents and purposes whatsoever 5 and that all i emy person or persons, or body or bodies politick or Hporate in Great Britain, and all and every person and persons Elagin Ireland, for or on behalf of such person or persons, or dyer bodies politick or corporate in Great Britain, who shall mtx such insurances, or cause the same to be effected, shall in tepect of such insurances be subject and liable to' all such rules, tendons, restrictions, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things,

tft mooed in any act or act* in force in Ireland^ relating

Duty on insurances for lives repealed.

stamp-acts. 43 G. 3. c. si. 43 G. 3. c. aa

41 G. 3. c. 33.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64*.

[1806.

to insurances by any person or persons, or body or bodies politic! Or corporate, or their agents in Ireland. j

LI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the m fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and six, no stamp duty whatever sl>all be payable for or in respect of any assuraai or insurance made in Ireland, upon any life or lives, any tU in any act or acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding; and that so much of any act or acts in force in held at the time of the passing of this act, as relates to the collect! or enforcing any stamp duty in respect of any insurances; lives, shall from and after the said fifth day of July cease I determine, as to such insurances as shall be effected after! said fifth day of July.

tief^alll>c

LII. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisia former stamp- ru^es? methods, directions, articles, clauses, exceptions, penalli duties under forfeitures, matters, and things, contained in the said act ml acts of43G: 3.in the forty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, intitui act for &rantmZ I*1 Majesty several duties therein mentm c to he levied by the commissioners for managing the stamp-duties Ireland \ and in another act made in the said forty-third yq intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain dudes\ licences to persons selling hats3 and on hats sold by retail in Irelai and in another act made in the said forty-third year, intitul An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon certified with respect to the killing of game in Ireland, shall be of force a effect, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raisif levying, paying, collecting, and securing the duties and allfl ances by this act granted and made payable, and all penal^ and forfeitures inflicted by this act, as fully and effectually to intents and purposes as if the same had been hereby re-enacfi with relation to the duties and allowances by this act grad and made payable, except only in so far as any of such powj provisions, rules, methods, and directions, articles, exceptioi penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things in theacts or either of them contained are expressly altered or repeals or otherwise provided for by this act, or by any other act or 14 in force in Ireland. J

LIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after d said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and six, I affidavit shall be sworn before any distributor of stamps in IrelmI any thing in the said recited acts of the forty-third year or eidt of them, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all and eve affidavit by the said recited acts of the forty-third year or eitk of them, or by any other act or acts directed to be taken beta distributors of stamps in Ireland, or any of them, shall, fri and after the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hunda and six, be taken, made, and sworn before any justice of d peace within his jurisdiction, which oath such justice is herd authorised and, required to administer, and such affidavit shi be witnessed by the proper distributor of stamps, and that eve affidavit so sworn and witnessed shall be of the same fort

Affidavits shall not be sworn before distributors, but before a justice and witnessed by distributor.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64.

tij nfidity, and effect, to all intents and purposes as if the same fad been sworn before such distributor, under any act or acts in face in Ireland at the time of the passing of this act.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said 43 G. j. c.ai. fccked act of the forty-tl>ird year, intituled An act for granting p kit Majesty several duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the rePc*lea# issioners for managing the stamp-duties in Ireland, as autho-the said of of stamp-duties to stamp all instru- executed out of Ireland$ within the space of two years the execution thereof, shall, from and after the said fifth of July one thousand eight hundred and six, be and the; is hereby repealed $ and that, from and after the said fifth of July one thousand eight hundred and six, it shall and be lawful for the said of, and they are hereby orised and empowered to stamp all instruments executed of Ireland upon payment of the duty payable thereon, with-Lyment of any penalty, proof hieing first made to the rtion of the said of, or the major part of that such instruments were really executed out of Ireland aforesaid 5 provided the same shall be brought to be stamped How deeds ' fan the space of one year froqi the execution thereof respect executed cut iy, in case the same were executed within any part of the

Kingdom, except Ireland, or within the space of two from the execution thereof, in case the same were executed y place out of the United Kingdom. iV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said last 43 G. 3. c.*i.

1 act of the forty-third year aforesaid, as enacts u that if ^ct.60. as printer of ally newspaper shall leave Ireland, and continue beingtempo-tnt therefrom for the space of ten days, or if any publisher rarily absent proprietor of any newspaper shall leave Ireland, and continue from Ireland, therefrom for die space of three months, such printer or rePeakd.

publisher or publishers, proprietor or proprietors re-ely, shall no longer be entitled to print or publish such aper, but shall, as to any such right be considered as if he m they never had made such affidavit as in the said act i$ flaenrioned 5 and also so much of the said recited act as enacts, dut if any printer, publisher, or proprietor of any newspaper,

'drill by the said of of stamps be considered as hav*

'.fag leu Ireland, who shall not within ten days after notice in ^writing or otherwise, given or served in the name of the said Twunissioners, or any one or more of them, at the office where 'iKh newspaper shall be printed or published, requiring him,

: 4fer, or them to make affidavit of the place or places of his, her,

; m their then residence or dwelling, make before and deposit*with one of the said of, or before a distributor in At country appointed or to be appointed by the said commis-fataers for distributing stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, indie country, that such printer has not been absent from Ireland Ire days together from the time at whiqh he, she, or they became printer$ and that such publisher and proprietor have or ^S not been absent from Ireland three months together from the

Penalties of % ol. under stamps acts may be recovered before

does not exceed zoo/.

128 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. [1806.

the time he, she, or they became publisher or proprietor of 1 newspaper, and setting out the place of the then residence M usual dwelling of such printer, publisher, and proprietor, " lifl from and after the passing of this act, be, and the same!] hereby repealed.

LvI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after\ said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace in Irt within whose jurisdiction any offence which is or shallJ a justice, who 8ubject to any penalty not exceeding one hundred pounds, 1 offender aoA^comm*tte against this act, or against the said several ro In cases where acts of the forty-third year of his present Majesty's reig % 1 the penalty against any other act or acts in force in Ireland, for giad stamp-duties to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and \ justice is hereby authorised and empowered in all cases (ex where a suit shall have been begun, or be pending in superior court respecting such offence), upon any informal or complaint to summon the party so accused, and also! witnesses on either side, and to examine into the fact, and proof thereof made, either by the confession of the pari person committing such offence, or by the oath of one or i witness or witnesses, to give judgement for such penalty case the same shall not exceed twenty pounds; and in case t penalty shall exceed the sum of twenty pounds, and shall \ exceed the sum of one hundred pounds, then to fine i offender in the sum of twenty pounds, and to give judgi for the same as a penalty incurred for such offence, and upon to issue his warrant under his hand and seal for k such penalty on the goods of such offender, and to cause 1 to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed wid six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and 1*goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such penalty, justice of the peace is hereby authorised and empowered) commit such offender or offenders to prison for such time \ he shall judge to be proper, not less than one calendar m< nor more than three calendar months, unless such penalty i be sooner paid, and it shall not be lawful for any justice j mitigate such penalty or sum of twenty pounds in any r1 whatsoever, any act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding, J if any person, whether prosecutor or party convicted, shall f himself or herself aggrieved by the judgement of such justice^the peace, then and in such case, it shall be lawful for i person upon giving security to pay such costs as shall be awan in case such judgement shall be affirmed, and in case*person shall be the party convicted, then upon giving sec to pay the amount of the penalty imposed by such convic together with costs as aforesaid, to appeal to the justices stt next general quarter sessions of the county or district in wT such offence shall have been committed, which shall hap after fourteen days next after such conviction shall have jade, of which appeal, notice in writing shall be given to t

prweeuti

i8o$.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. 1

prosecutor or party convicted as the case may require, ten days previous to the first day of such quarter sessions; and such justices shall summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally hear and determine such appeal; and in case the judgement of such justice of the peace shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such justices as aforesaid, to award the person or persons so appealing to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet; and no certiorari shall in any case be granted to examine or remove any such determination or conviction either before or after such appeal: provided always, that if the charge shall be for selling spirituous |quors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder without licence, the proceedings thereon shall be under and according to the said recited act iff the last session of parliament, for regulating such licences,

Jur of some act for amending the same; any thing in this act pntained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[ LVIL And be it further enacted, That if any person or Penalty on ns shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give witnesses fidence before any justice or justices of the peace, or before attend*or ay justices at the sessions/relative to any offence under this fusing'to gi^ or under the said recited acts of the forty-third year, or evidence, 5l.

of them, or under any act or acts in force in Ireland, re-_ to the duties under the management of the of ft stamps, and shall neglect or refuse to appear (the expences such witness or witnesses being first paid or tendered) with-a reasonable excuse to be allowed by such justice or justices the peace or justices at sessions respectively, or upon appear-j, shall refuse to be examined upon oath, or give evidence pore such justice or justices of the peace or justices at sessions ively, and shall not make reasonable excuse for such [, to be allowed by such justice or justices of the peace or s at sessions respectively, then such person or persons

__forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be levied and recovered

pi such manner as other penalties, not exceeding twenty pounds, ire by the said recited acts, or any of them, or by this act, directed to be levied and applied.

LVHL Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in Penalties $5 act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to above so/. pent any person from suing for, or recovering any penalty neeeding twenty pounds, in cases where the offender shall not former acts, Ve been convicted before a justice and fined in a sum of if offender is frenty pounds under this act; provided also, that any person not punished taring been so convicted, and having paid such sum of twenty er IS pounds, may plead the same in bar to any action or suit, for ay penalty exceeding twenty pounds, and not exceeding one taiodxed pounds on account of the same offence, for which hebll have been so convicted: provided also, that if different proceedings shall be had or taken against the same person for the same offence, ill any of the modes aforesaid, and any question shall arise concerning the priority of such proceedings,

Penalty on justices neglecting to carry this or any stamp-act into execution, 50l.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. [1806.

then and in such case the proceeding under which the complained of, shall have been first duly served with mons or other process, and which shall be afterwards procca on without delay, by the party informing or prosecuting, be considered as entitled to, and shall have priority over other proceeding for the same offence, and shall accoi vest the right to the penalty duly sought thereby.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any justice of peace or magistrate in Ireland shall neglect or refuse in instance to carry into execution this act or the said recited or any of them, or any act or acts in force in Ireland, r< ' to the duties under the management of the commissior stamps, upon a proper application made to him, such j of the peace or magistrate shall forfeit the sum of fifty p British currency for every such neglect or refusal, to be vered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of record in Ireland, by the person who shall have made application, in which no essoign, protection, wager of law, more than one imparlance shall be allowed \ the money ret by such action to be applied as to one-half thereof to the the person suing for the same, and the other half to be the minister, rector, or churchwarden of the parish, such justice of the peace or magistrate shall reside, for of the poor therein.

LX. And be it further enacted, That such part, shaiW; proportion as shall be payable to his Majesty, his heirs and* cessors, of, from, or out of any penalty, forfeiture, or; payable or recoverable under this act, or under any act of in force in Ireland, relating to the duties under the manages of the commissioners of stamps, shall, within one month the same shall be levied or received, be paid by the ju$i

the peace or other person by whom the same shall have I

levied or received, to the distributor of stamps residing th to such justice of the peace, and the said distributor shall at] next payment pay over the same to the receiveV-generaT stamp-duties, and shall duly account for the same in the account which he shall furnish to the of of si duties 5 and if any such justice of the peace or other pe: such distributor of stamps, shall neglect or omit to pay o^ account for the same respectively, they shall respectivel; every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

Penalties may

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and be mitigated lawful for the said of for managing the duties, by order of the commissioners for executing the of ibrd high treasurer of (relandy to mitigate any fine, pel or forfeiture, under this act, or the said recited acts, or any them, or under any act or acts in force in Ireland\ relating t( duties under the management of the commissioners of $tamp*j any thing in this act or the said recited acts, or any of them, ttfi the contrary notwithstanding.

tin. Add

1 '

For compelling justices, &c. to pay over his Majesty's share of penalties.

by Stamp-Office under order of the Treasury of Ireland.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That this act may be Act may be Aered, ametided or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in Ais present session of padiament. P

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

duty.

d.

Schedule (A.)

and upon every skin or piece of vellum or prehment, or sheet or piece of paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed any of the'"owing articles, or any part thereof, therespec-tire duties following, viz.

-Patents, Grants, and Admissions, of or to dig- . nities, offices, benefits, or degrees j and exemplifications and certificates thereof, ly grant or letters-patent, under the great seal of Ireland, of any honour, dignity, promotion, franchise, liberty, or privilege, to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or exemplification of the same, not hereby charged with wipecifick duty (commissions of rebellion in process always excepted) > - 20

ly patent for an archbishoprick - 100

ly patent for a dukedom - 200

patent for a marquisate - 200

ly patent for an earldom  - - 200

ly patent for a viscount - 150

ay patent for a bishoprick - 50

ty patent for a barony - 100

by patent for a baronetage - 50

ny presentation or donation which shall pass the great seal of Ireland, ' or upon which any collation shall be made by any archbishop or bishop, or any presentation of donation to be Bade by any patron whatsoever, of or to any ienefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecclesiastical

Con whatsoever, of the yearly value of one

{pounds - 5 0 0

And for every one hundred pounds of the

dy value thereof exceeding the first one

ired'pounds a year, a further duty of - 5 0 0

The value to be ascertained by certificate of the archbishop, bishop, or vicar* general, of the diocese: provided always, mat two or more benefices, episcopally united, shall be deemed ont? benefice ' v: only.

ir Q

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

o

0

0

0

0

Any

132

Anno negni quadragesimo sertd Geo. III. 0/64.

Schedule (A.)  continued.

Patents, Grants, and Admissions, continued*

Any institution that shall pass the seal of any archbishop, bishop, chancellor, or other ordinary, or ecclesiastical court j provided that an institution to two or more benefices episcopally united shall be considered as an institution to a single benefite '-Any dipensation to hold two ecclesiastical dignities or benefices, or both a dignity and a benefice; or any other dispensation or faculty from the lord archbishop of Armagh, or master of the faculties for the time being -

Any grant from his Majesty, his heirs and successors, which shall pass the great seal of Ireland, of any sum of money;

exceeding . 50, and iy>t exceeding . 100 -/. 100, - .200 And lor every .100 exceeding .200, a further duty of -'-

Any such grant of any annuity, pension, office, or employment, which shall be of the value of two hundred pounds per annum -

And for, every one hundred pounds per annum exceeding two hundred pounds per annum, a further duty of -

Provided that no duty shall be charged upon, or in respect of, more than one skin or piece of vellum or parchment, on* which such last mentioned grant may be. ingrossed, printed, or written. Any grant of an eacheatorship- Any grant of any land in fee, lease for years, or other grant or profit not herein particularly charged, that shall pass the great seal of the Exchequer (custodian leases excepted) - ,

Any pardon or remission (except the pardons passed in forma pauperis) of or for any crime or Offence, or of any money or forfeiture whatsoever; or any warrant or reprieve or relaxation from any fines, corporal punishment, or any other forfeitures r, Any admission of any fellow of the College of Physicians. Any admission of any student isaxo the society of King's Inns -

Any admission of any barrister into the Jnns of Court*Any admission of any clefrk, advocate, proctor^ attorney, solicitor/or other officer or office, iufcny court whatsoever, (except suen officer, be'a*} annual officer in any corporation, oriinferior>couj|,; j whose office is ufld$r the v*b*e of t&n ppunis

[iSd*

a year in salary, fees, other perquisites)

V.P'

DUTY.

- 20

20

20

20

2 o,

25 ft

4

20

20

5

S 0-

- 10 0

0 0

1806.] Anno , regpi quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64.

Any certificate to be taken out by any attorney or solicitor, proctor, agent, or procurator, (previous to his commencing or defending any suit or prosecution,) of his admission, enrollment, or register, in any of his Majesty's courts in Dublin, or in any ecclesiastical court, or in any court of admiralty in, Ireland, or in any other court in Ireland holding pleas, where the debt or damage doth amount to 40l. or more, or the thing in demand is of thtf

If such attorney or solicitor, proctor, agent, or procurator. Has not been admitted for three years, yearly - 10 0

If such attorney or solicitor, ptoctor, agent, or procurator, has been admitted for three years, or more, yearly - 3 0 0

By entry, minute, or memorandum, of the admission of any person into any corporation or corn-mr, who shall be so admitted in respect of his fan, apprenticeship, or marriage, entered or made in the court-book, roll, prerecord, of anyh corporation or company - 0 10 0

bt entry, minute, or memorandum, of the admission of any cither person into any corporation or company - 1 0 0

-Indentures, Bonds, and other Deeds, and Instruments } and Exemplifications, Inroilments,

Memorials, or Registries thereof.

ksy indenture^ lease, release, or deed, not otherwise charged: (except indentures of apprenticeship I where no apprentice*fee shall be given 5 or, if any

(he given, where such apprentice-fee shall not i exceed the sum of ten pounds; and also, except indentures for binding apprentice poor parish-'! children, or other children supported by publick idurities or voluntary contributions: )

If such indenture, lease, release, or deed, shall contain less than thirty sheets - 0 10 6

If such indenture, lease, release, or deed, shall contain thirty sheets or more, then, for every entire quantity of fifteen sheets over and above the first fifteen sheets, an additional duty of - -050

Any indenture or other deed, and every article or contract, whereby any person shall become bound to serve as an apprentice or clerk to.an attorney of'

Schedule (A.)  continued. Admissions, continued.

duty.

rtalne;

solicitor,

0

7 0 (

- 5 0

Schedule (A.)  continued. ..duty.

Indentures, Bonds, and other Deeds, See. continued*./. A

solicitor, in order to his admission as an attorney or solicitor in any of his Majesty's courts in Ireland, on each part of 'siion indentures, deeds, 1 articles, or contracts - -'- - - 43

And further on each parr of such indentures, deeds, articles, or contracts - ' '

Any indenture or other deed, for binding an apprentice to a notary publick, on each 'part of such indentures -

Any other indenture of apprenticeship inhere the sum or value given, paid, contracted or agreed for, with or in delation to such apprentice, shall Exceed ten' pounds and shall not exceed twenty pounds -

-.20 and shall not exceed/; 50 - '

50 - 100 -

10Q - 200

200 - 300 -300 - 400 -

400 - -- 500 -

And where such sum or value shall exceed the: 'sum of five hundred pounds, for every one hundred pounds of such excess, a duty of Any indenture, lease, release, or deed, for setting or demising lands, tenements, or hereditaments in Ireland, for any term not exceeding three lives, or thirty-one years;

Where the annual amount of the rent reserved (any penal rent, or any increase of reserved1 rent in the nature of a penal rent, not being, included in such amount) shall not exceed five pounds, or the fine or consideration for the same shall not exceed twenty pounds V -

Where such sum or value shall exceed

WWore the Amount

Of such Rent. Or of such Fine or Consideration^-

f 1 and shall not r and shall not

shall exceed exceed shall exceed exceed

. s. d. . s. d. *d. - s- d.

5 0 0 10 0 0 20 0 0 10a 0 0

10 0 0 20 0 0 100 0 0 150 0 0

20.0 0 56 0 0 150 0 0 250 0 0

" 50 0 0 100 0 0 250 0 0 500 0 0

100 0 0 150 0 0 500 0 0 750 0 0

150 0 0 200 0 0 - 750 0 0 1,000 0 0

200 0 0 250 0 0 1,000 0 0 1, 250 0 0

250 0 0 300 0 0< 1, 250 0 0 1, 500 0 0

S00 0 0 350 0 0 1, 500 0 0 1, 750 0 0

J$50 0 400 0 0 1, 750 0 0 2, 000 0 0

5

10

0

2 0

3 0 6 090

3 0

0 2

0 5 0 10 0 15

0

10

0

2 10 3 0

10

0

An

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64.

Schedule (A.)  continued. DUTY.

Indentures, Bonds, and other Deeds, &c. continued. . /. J.

And where the annual amount of such rent reserved shall exceed the sum of four hundred pounds, or such fine or consideration shall exceed the sum of two thousand pounds, then for every one hundred pounds of the whole amount of such rent, or for I every five hundred pounds of such fine or

consideration, a duty of - -- 200

And on any indenture, lease, release, or deed, for setting or demising lands, tenements, or hereditaments in Ireland, for any term exceeding three lived, or thirty-one years, a duty in the whole^equal to double the amount of the fore-

going duties, on any indenture, lease, release, or deed, respectively.

' And in case such indenture, lease, release, or deed, shall be executed by virtue of any letter of attorney, for that purpose, then for every five pounds of the annual amount of suen^ reserved rent, or for every twenty-fiv^ pounds of fine or consideration, a further duty in-all cases of - T 0 1, 0

And if such indenture, lease, release, or deed, shall contain thirty sheets, or more, then for every entire quantity of fifteen sheets, over and aboye the "first fifteen sheets, a further duty fn $1 Cases of - !- - \ - 0 5 0

Any letter of attorney empowering jany person to receive rents in Iceland - '- 50 0

Any letter of attorney empowering (any person to execute any lease or leases of lands In Ireland,

Where the annual; amount of the rent reserved in such lease or leases (any penal rent ofr any increase of reserved rent in the nature! of a penal rent not being included id such amount) shall not exceed five pounds, or the fin^ or consideration for the same shall not exceed twenty pounds - -200

And where the amount of such rent'reserved shall exceed the sum of five pounds, or such fine or consideration shall exceed the sum of, twenty pounds - 10 0 0

Any recognizance' conditioned for tfte payment of money, or performance of covenants or agreements, statute-staple, or statute-merchant, or entry of record, in any court or office, except recognizances taken' before any justice or justices of the

decree

peace, and recognizances on an appeal irom

ms

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64.

Schedule (A.):  continued.

Indentures, Bonds, and other Deeds, &c> continued\ < decree'dr dismiss made or pronounced by any; assistant barrister in their respective counties, or by the recorder of the city of Dublin Any contract, bond, ' or other obligatory instrument* conditioned for the payment of any principal, sum; ' /. s7

Not exceeding .100 -

Exceeding 100 and not exceeding.500 -300 - 500 -

' 500 - 1,000

1, 006 - 2, 000 -

' 2, 000 -; - 3, 000 -

3, 000 - 5, 000 -

Where such principal sum shall exceed 5, 000 Any bond commonly called a mortgage bond, or bond given as a collateral security for or in respect of any mortgage -

Any other bpnd not hereinbefore charged - -.-Any deed or other instrument, Tor the security, by way of mortgage, of any sum of money lent on any estate pr property whatsoever, or for the sale or conveyance of any estate or property whatsoever? whether real or personal, and of whatever J tenure or description;

Where the amount of the money ^ent, or of the -consideration paid shall not exceed one hundred pounds

Where the amount' of such moneys shall exceed; ,

/IOO;

300 500 l^OOOO

2jP00 and shall not

3.000 T. exceed 4

4.000

5.000 10, 000 45, 066

500 -

Xfio6.-

2.000 -

3.000

4.000 -

5.000 -

4 0, 000 -

15.000 -

20.000 "

[1806.

DUTY.

.s. i\

0 5 0

0 5

0 W)

1 0 1 10 2 0

3 0

4 0

5 0

Where the amount of such money shall exceed .20, 000 l' 

And if sqch deed or instrument shall contain thirty sheets or more* then,

For every entire- quantify of fifteen sheets, 'M over and above the first fifteen sheets -

Any^award und^r hand and seal, or under hand only, made in Ireland, and whether the same shall or shall not be in rolled of record ?n, or made a-rule

VI f^, +rf 7*f 1*

of, any court

If such award shall contain less than thirty sheets - -'-

-byVjC

0 2 6 0 2 6

0 15 4 1 0

1 10

2 0 2 10 4V0 6 0 8 0

10 0 12 0 15 0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

20 0 0

0 5 0

4 10 0

And

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. 9*64*

Schedule (A).  continued.^. duty.

adeatureh Bonds, and other Deeds, &c. continued. s? tL

And if such award shall contain thirty s)veetS OX more, then,; '^> ).',

For every entire quantity, /of fifteen sheets v

(over and above the first' fifteen > sheets) a further duty of,; T O S 0

jiy agreement made in Ireland, under hand only, where the matter thereof shall be of the value of twenty pounds or- upwards, whether the same shall oe only the evidence of a contract, or obligatory upon the patties from it&bqing a written instrument - 0 10 0

bt exemplification, of what nature soever, that mall pass the seal of any court, not hereby other-, vise charged. -^r - 0 15 0

By conveyance, M^ujrender of graftsxn offices, release, or other deed whatsoever, which shall be enrolled of record, in su^y of the cpprts of the city: f

of Dublin, or in any. court of record whatsoever,

(except assignments of judgements) t - <- - \ 0^0

jiymemorial of any deed, convey ance, wiU^or devise, .,

vhich shall be registered in the pu^ick office for.*

registering such memorials, or shall be entered in, ... nyof the courts, oflkre^pr4 in; Ireland, {excppt y Y: /L memorials of demises^ and except memorials of*r assignments of judgement^}^- - 0 IQ, 0

ny memorial of, any, demise pr of any figiyement, M > /.

to demise - Q 2 6

ny entry of the memorial of the assignment oLany,

judgement made and entered upon the rolls of any t court of record by any officer or officers thereof, r

under the provision^ of an act made, in Ireland -!r, N ..' he 9th year of ids.late majesty George, II- r, -

for the more effectual assignments ofjudgemepfs, -, Y, < tlK or of any act for amending the same 5*. 'rv,:

Where the penalty of such judgement so, as- i /

signed shad) not (exceed; pne hundred pounds, ..0;  .0 And where the penalty of such judgement so.assigned shall exceed one hundred pounds - OlO.VlO

1  Writs, or Processes, Pleadings, Judgements,

Appeals, and Executions, in Suits, Actions, or' Proceedings at Law, or in Equity.

Lny writ of covenant for levying a fine - " 1 0, 0

iny writ of entry for suffering a common recovery T-O tO toy petition in any of the superior courts of law or equity - 0 2, 6

iny original writ, subpoena, writ of habeas corpus, writ of capias, quo minus, writ of dedimus po-testatem, to take answers, examine witnesses, or

Appoint

Aritio'regm quadragesimo sexto Giol III. c. 64. [1806.

Schedule (A.)  continued. DUTY.

Writs, or Processes, &c. continued. . /. 2.

appoint guardians, or any other writ whatsoever, or any other process or mandate that shall issue out ' of, or pass the seal of, any of the courts in Dublin, 'or any other Court whatsoever in Ireland holding v plea, where the debt or damage doth arttouttt to forty shillings or above, ' or the thing in demand is of that value 7^" - '0" 1 0

Any entry of any action in the mayor's or sheriff's courts in the city of Dublin, and in courts of all corporations, and in aH other courts Whatsoever, 'out of which no writ, process, or mandate issued, holding plea, where the debt or dama6 doth amount to forty shillings or above - - 0 I 0

Any warrant to any attorney or solicitor to appear

for any plaintiff or defendant in any action or suit '*

at law or in equity, and to prosecute or defetidrsuch action or suit, or to contest judgement theteon - 0 2 (

Any entry of any appearance to be entered in the'

- court of Chancery, or in the equity-side of the court of Exchequer, by any six' cleric, attorney, or solicitor for each and every ddfendartt named in such entry: u i'- 0 1 (

Any special bail to be taken maiiy of the courts in Dublin, or beforfc arty of the juidges of the said

' courts, or in any court whatsoever - 0 1 C

Any common bail to ba ffled in any court* what-

"soever, and any appearance that shall be made on.

such bail - -'u; -01 0

Any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, demur- fl rer, or other pleading in any court of law - -'0 0

Any declaration^ bill, answer, demurrer, or plea at law or in equity, filed1 by, Or on behalf of, any r*: attorney or solicitor who shall sue or be sued as an attorney or solicitor in his own proper person 0 2" d Any copy of any declaration, plea, replicatioti, rejoinder, demurrer or other pleacting, ih any court of law, or any copy of any recofrd, to be furnished to the twelve judges, for the hearing of causes in error in the court of Exchequer-chamber* for every sheet thereof r - 0 0 3

Any bill, answer, replication, rejoinder* interrogatories, depositions taken by of., or any,

pleadings whatsoever in the courts of Chancery or Exchequer (except exceptions to answers filed in the said courts) for every skin thereof - - 0 4 0

Any exception to any answer filed in any court of equity in Ireland, to be charged upon each exception, whether joined with any other or others on the same sheet or piece ofyellum, parchment, or paper, or not - 026

1806.] Anno rc^i quadragesimo sextcr G*d. III. c. 64.

Schedule (A.)  -continued. duty.

Writs, or Processes, &c. continued. . s. d.

And for every ninety words which1 eafcfi and every exception shall contain over and above the nrst ninety words, a further dtity of - 0 1 6

And upon each and every exception over and above the first ten exceptions; a further duty of - 0 4 0

And for every ninety words which each and every such exception shall contain over and above the first riinety Words, a further duty of 0 2 6

Any depositions tajcen in the court of Chancery or court of Exchequer, except the paper drafts of such depositions taken Hy virtue of any commission before they* are engrossed, strict which 'are not herein-before charged - 0 0 3

Any copy of any bill, answer, plea, demurrer, re- 'plication, rejoinder, interrogatory, deposition, or other proceeding whatsoever, taken in the court,

of Chancery or court of Exchequer, or in any v

court of equity, for every sheet thereof - - 0 0 3

Except always all proceedings in any court martial, or in any suit in dfiy of the courti'aforesaid which shall be sued, prosecuted, or A

had, by any person admitted to sue or defend therein in formii pauperis.

Any affidavit not hereby otherwise charged (except

such affidavits as shall be taken before the officers 9

of his Majesty's customs or excise; affidavits re- "

laring to criminal prosecutions, affidavits made for the purpose of registering freeholds and all affidavits to be made before any justice or justices of the peace, or before a magistrate of any corporation acting as a justice of the peace; unless hereby otherwise charged; and except affidavits to be taken before a magistrate acting in any court of conscience or summary jurisdiction, or before any judge of assize or commission of oyer and terminer relative to prosecutions or trials on indictments or to civil bills; and except affidavits made in pursuance of any act relative to the hempen or linen manufactures, or to the payment of corn-premiums, or before the Dublin Society; and except affidavits or affirmations directed to fee made before one or more of the commissioners for managing stamp-duties, or before a commissioner for taking affidavits with respect to the regulations or management of the said duties) - 0 1 6

Any copy of any such affidavit which shall be read in any court whatsoever, for every sheet thereof 0 0 2

Any affidavit made in pursuance of any law(&0oQlc.

6, 2 0

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. [1806.

Schedule (A.)  continued.; DUTY.

Writs, or Processes, &c! continued. " J^i

amending or repairing. publick roads, or made before the trustees of a, ny turnpike relative tx> the roads or tolls of such turnpike, or j made fdr jthe purpose of: groHm}ing ^ereon anypres^ntipeiit.Of any grand jury, or for raising money for. repair, of roads or any other publick purpose, or for apr counting for any publick money, or discharging queries on presentments t.

Any coipmissjion for taking affidavits, that sh^U be.

issued from any court - "-

Any rule or ofder [except in causes prosecuted upon indictments or presentments) made or'.given in any of the courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas,

Chancery, or Exchequer in Dublin, either coprts, of law or equity, ., ori)y any judge of such courts respectively -

Any copy of ^ny such rule, or order, or any copy of any other Tecord or proceedings in any of the said courts in Dublin, not hereby otherwise charged* for every sheet thereof

Any record of nisi prius or postea Any judgement which shall ue sigi

0

0

I

10

signed by the master of any office, or his deputy or secondary, or by any prothonotary, or his secondary, deputy* or clerk, or any other officer belonging to any of the Courts in the citytof Dublin, ^ho have power, or usually do or shjill sign judgements;

For any sum under one hundred pounds For one hundred pounds, and not exceeding two hundred pounds And for every one hundred pounds exceeding the sum of two hundred pounds, a further duty of, r. -

Any warrant to any attorney to satisfy a judgement entered of record in the courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in Dublin*-Any decree or dismissal made by or in the court of Chancery, for every sheet thereof -. Any decree or dismissal made by Or in the court of Exchequer, for every sheet thereof Any exemplification of a. decree of the court of Chancery under the great seal r

Any writ of error, or certiorari, and any appeal (except from the court of admiralty, or prerogative court, or any archiepiscopal court)

Ajiy summons or process whereoy the defendant or defendants shall be required to appear or answer the plaintiffs' billsor to appear before any recorder, assistant barrister, seneschal or steward

t5y*lo 'gle

0 5

'i

1

04

019.01

0 0 6

0 2 0

0 1, 6

0 4 0

0 12 6

0 10 0

of

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. !c. 64.

Schedule (A.)  continued, duty.

Writs, or Processes, &c. continued\ . s. d,

of a manor court, or other judge or officer, in any proceeding, in a summary way, by civil bill - 0 J > 2

Any copy of any such sumn^ns - 002

Any decree to be made or pronounced by any assistant barrister at the sessions of the peace, or adjournments thereof, or by any judge of assize, in causes heard by civil bill;

Where the sum decreed t

shall be under five pounds - 0 2 0

shall amount to five pounds and shall not amount to ten pounds - 0 4 6

shall amount to ten pounds or upwards - 0 7 6

Any dismiss made or pronounced by any assistant barrister or judge of assize - Q 4 0

Any removal of a decree or dismiss on any proceeding by civil bill, whether such decree or dismiss shall nave been made or pronounced by any assistant barrister or judge of assize - - Q I 6

Any recognizance on an appeal from 4ny decree or dismiss made or pronounced by any assistant barrister, or judge of assize - 0 2 6

Any decree or dismiss made or pronounced by the seneschal or steward of any manor court in any proceeding by civil bill - 0 16

Any citation or monition made in the prerogative court, or in any ecclesiastical court*or any libel or allegation, deposition, answer, sentence, or decree; or any inventory exhibited in the prerogative court, or in any ecclesiastical court, or the court of admiralty, or any copies of them respectively (except in suits for the recovery of seamen's wages), for every shept thereof -'^- 0 1 0

Any warrant, monition, or personal decree, in the court of admiralty (except in suits for the recovery of seamen's wages) - - I - 0 7 6

Any sentence that shall be given in the court of admiralty, or any attachment (except in suits for the recovery of seamen's wages) that shall be mhde out of the said court of admiralty, or any relaxation of any-sntK* attachment -v' -0 10 Q

Any commission issued put of any eccle^iastial court notherttn-beforie particularly charged'- - 0 7 6

Any appeal from the court of admiralty & prerogative court, er any archiepiscopal couii'1V I- 10 0 0

Any custodiam j'ttnde <he seal of the! gtouuded oa an outlawry in any civil apttofl* - 0 5 0

*:, 1; ".: ill a -1

fTo* :r

v; u.

IVi-Probates

14a Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. [1806.

Schedule (A.)  continvtj.

IV.  Probates and Administrations, and Receipts for Legacies.

for any estate;

*x

DUTY.

Of the value of

and under the value of

S(T, 100 200 300 400 500 600 700 800 900

1,000 .1, 500 2, 000

3.500

5, 000

7.500

10, 000

12.500

15.000

17.500

20.000

25, 000

30.000

35.000

40.000

45.000

50.000

60, 000

70.000

80.000

90, 000

100, 000, 125, 000. dSOyOOOO

175.000

200, 000'

250, 000.

SOOyQOQ.

350.000

400*000.

5OQ*009rand upwards

 /. 1

100- 0 10 0

200 - 1 10 0

300 T 2 0 0

400 - 3 0 0

500 - 4 0 0

600 - 5 0 0

700 - 6 0 0

800 - 7 0 0

900 - 8 0 0

1,000 -90 0

1, 500 - 15 0 0

2, 000 - 20 00

3, 500 - 35 0 0

5, 000 - 60 0 0

7, 500 - 75 0 0

10, 000 - 90 0 0

12, 500 110 0 0

15, 000 - 135 0 0

17, 500 - 160 0 0

20, 000 - 185 0 0

25, 000 - 210 0 0

30, 000 260 0 0

35, 000 - 310 0 0

40, 000 - 360 0 0

45, 000 - 410 0 0

50, 000 - 460 0 0

60, 000 - 550 0 0

70, 000 - 650 0 0

80, 000 - 750 0 0

90, 000 - 850 0 0

100, 000 - 950 0 0

Except always the probate of any will, or letters of administration of the goods, chattels, and effects of any common marine, or

125.000 - 1, 200 0 0

150.000 - 1, 400 0 0

175.000 - 1, 600 0 0

200.000 - 2, 000 O O

250.000 - 2, 500 0 0

300.000 - 3^000 0 0

350.000 - 3, 500. -0 0

400.000 - 4, 000 0 0

500.000*5, 000 0 0 6, 000.00

soldier,

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64.

Schedule (A.)  continued. DUTY.

Receipts for Legacies continued. . d

soldier, who shall be slain or die in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

Any copy of any will attested by the proper officer of any ecclesiastical court, for every sheet thereof 0 0 3

Any receipt or discharge for any legacy, specifick or pecuniary, or of any other description, of the amount or value of twenty pounds or more, given by any will or testamentary instrument, and chargea upon or given out of any real or personal estate, or monies arising from the sale of any real estate directed to be sold by any will or testamentary instrument or for the clear residue* or for any part of the clear residue, of the personal estate of any person dying testate or intestate; or for the clear residue, or for any part of the clear residue, devised to any person or persons, of any monies arising, or that may arise, by the sale of any real estate directed to be sold, by any will or testamentary instrument; if the person dying dull leave any personal estate, or any real estate or estates, so directed to be be sold, of the clear value of one hundred pounds or upwards in the those, after deducting debts, funeral expences, and other charges, and legacies (if any):

For every one hundred pounds of the value of any such legacy or residue, or any part of residue, and for every fractional part of one hundred pounds, beyond any sum or progressive sums of one hundred pounds, the sums following; videlicet,

If such legacy or residue, or part of residue, shall De given or pass to or for the benefit of a brother or sister of the deceased, or any descendant of such I brother or lister - 15 0

I If the same shall be given or pass to or for

I the benefit of a brother or sister of a

father or mother of the deceased, or any descendant of such brother or sister - .^SL CL 0 If the s^me shall be given or pass to or for '; ( the benefit of a brother or sister of a.grandfather or grandmother of the deceased, or any descendant of such bror ther or sister - - (I mi - - 2 10 0

If the same shall be given or pass to or for the benefit of any person in ' any other degree of collateral consanguinity to the deceased than as above decribed, or to

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. [1806.

Schedule(A*.)  continued* duty.

Receipts for Legacies continued. , s, V

or for the benefit of any stranger iri blood to the deceased - 5 Q (

If any such legacy or residue, Or part of residue, shall amount to the sum of five hundred pounds, or upwards, and shall be given or pass to or for the benefit of any child of the deceased, or any descendant of such child, then, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof 0 10 ( Except in all cases any receipt or discharge for any legacy, or any residue, or any part of residue, of any real of personal estate, which shall be given or shall pass to or for the benefit of the husband or wife of the deceased.

And except in all cases any receipt or discharge for any legacy, or any residue, or part of residue, of any real or personal estate, which shall be given Or shall pass to or for the benefit of any of the Royal Family.

V.  Mercantile and Commercial Instruments.

[For the duty on Insurances, see Schedule (B.)]

Any charter-party, passport, procuration, letter of attorney, warrant of attorney, (except warrants of attorney and letters of attorney otherwise charged), or any other notarial act, not otherwise charged - 0 4- (

Any bond on the exportation of goods, wares, and merchandize entitled to bounty, drawback, or allowance of duties - 0 2 C

Any bill of lading which shall be signed for any goods exported -- - 0 0

Any instrument entitling any person or persons exporting any goods, wares, or merchandize from Ireland to any drawback or bounty On exporting the same - " - 0 0 t

Any policy of assurance or insurance, or any writing commonly so calied, for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, or merchandize, or other ptop^fty, from loss by fire - 0 1 (

Any permit granted by any officer of his Majesty's revenue, or any distributor of stamps, or other person duly authorised to grant the same, relative tq pny exciseable Of other goods, and also any'certificate of any such permit required by law;

If the duties on the goody permitteftL thereby

do ndt amount to the sum, of fifteen pounds Q 0 C If such0 duties amount to fifteen 'bdiinds or

moreMi - " - # 01

And

145

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64.

Schedule (A.1)  continued. Duty.

tfercantiJe and Commercial Instruments continued. . /. d.

Any bank note, or bank post-bill, which shall be issued for any sum less than fifty pounds by the foremor and Company of the bank of Ireland, or by any banker or bankers, who shall have registered his or their name or names, and firm, in manner directed by law;

Where the sum expressed therein shall not amount to five pounds -. - 0 0 1

shall amount to five poands, and shall not amount to ten pounds - 0 0 3

- ten pounds, - fifty pounds - 0 0 4

Any foreign or inland bill of exchange, promissory note or other note, draft or order (except bank notes and bank post bills otherwise charged, and except promissory notes for any sum not exceeding two pounds ten shillings, passed on account of tythes, or for money lent by any society on charitable loans);

Where the snm expressed therein shall not

Where such sum shall exceed

Any draft or order in writing, for the payment of any sum of money, not exceeding ten pounds British currency, on demand, payable to bearer, or otherwise drawn upon any bank or banker, or person acting as a banker in Ireland, within ten miles of the place where such draft or order shall be actually drawn and issued, which shall be negotiated, or of which payment shall be required at any time after the expiration of two days from the date thereof - 00S

Any protest where the amount of the bill or note - specified therein shall be less than fifty pounds - 0 4 0 Where such amount shall be fifty pounds or upwards - -050

Any receipt, or other discharge (not otherwise charged) given on the payment of any sum of ' money;

Amounting to two pounds and not amounting to twenty pounds - 002

Twenty pounds and not exceeding fifty pounds - -004

Exceeding fifty pounds - - 0T 0 6

30

50 1 and shall not

100 exceed

200

500

JfiOO -

- 0 0 3

30 - 0 0 9

50.0 1 0

100 - 0 1 6

200 - 0 3 0

500 - 0 4 0

000 - 0 5 0

- 0 7 0

3gl<Except

s'

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. [1806.

Schedule (A.)  continued. duty.

Mercantile and Commercial Instruments continued. . s. i Except receipts for drawbacks, or bounties, or for money paid into the bank of Ireland, or into the house of any banker, or for purchase of stock, or on the back of bills, notes, or deeds, or by any army or navy agents, or by officers, soldiers or sailors, or by officers of the Exchequer, for money received for his Majesty.

Any receipt, of other discharge, given by any officer of the revenue, on payment of mony for or on account of any duty on dwelling-houses, in respect of hearths or windows, on coaches and other carriages, on horses, and on male servants;

If the Sum paid shall, in the whole, amount to two pounds, and shall not amount to twenty pounds - 006

If the sum shall amount to twenty pounds, and shall not exceed fifty pounds - 0 1 0

And if the sum shall exceed fifty pounds - 0 2 6

The said duties on such last mentioned receipts to be paid by the person to whom such receipts shall be given by the officers of the revenue.

VI.  Licences, and Game Certificates, and Deputations.

Any licence to keep a lottery office - - 50 0 0

Any licence to any person to act as a notary publick - 200

Any marriage licence to be issued from the court of prerogative - 0 10 0

Any licence to keep one or more printing-press or presses - 0 10

Any licence to any post-master, inn-keeper, or other person in Ireland, who shall let to hire any horse, xor the purpose of travelling post by the mile, or from stage to stage - -100

Any licence to any person to deal in or retail stamps in Ireland5 except persons being distributors of stamps, lawfully appointed by the commissioners for managing the stamp-duties in Ireland - - 0 10 6

Any licence to any person to manufacture hats, commonly called or known by the name of felt or wool, stuff or beaver hats, or any leather or japanned hats, in the cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, and town of Belfast*1 10 0

In any other city, town, or borough, returning

a member to serve m parliament - .10 0

In any other part of Ireland - 0 IQ 0

Any licence to any person to titter or vend by retail

DUTY.

1- s. d.

1 0 0

0 5 0

8 0 0

4 0 0-

10 0 0

1 0 O'

0 10 0

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64.

Schedule (A.)  continued.

Licence* continued. any such hats in any city or town corporate in Ireland

In any other part of Ireland

Any licence to any person in Ireland to manufacture tobacco in any manner -

And further for and upon every tobacco table exceeding one table^which any person manufacturing tobacco shall be licensed to keep Any licence to any person in Ireland to deal in unmanufactured tobacco; except as a wholesale importer only -

Any licence to any person to sell by retail, or otherwise deal in, coffee (except importers thereof, or persons licensed to sell tea or groceries) j viz.

In any city or town in Ireland sending a member or members to serve in parliament, or within two miles of the sessions-house or market-house thereof -

In any part of Ireland not being a city or town as aforesaid -

Any licence to any person in Ireland to manufacture candles or soap for sale; viz.

In any city or town in Ireland sending a member or members to serve in parliament, or within two miles of the sessions-house or market-house^ thereof -

In any part of Ireland not being a city or town as aforesaid -

Any licence to any person to manufacture paper-hangings for sale -

Any licence to any person to sell paper-hangings, not being a manufacturer thereof Any licence to any person to keep a still or stills to rectify or compound spirits and strong waters, for every ten gallons which such still or stills is or are capable of containing -

I An? licence to any person to keep a mill or mills ! for making paper, for each mill -

Any licence to any person to brew or make for sale any liquor called sweets or made wines Any licence to any person to make metheglin or mead for sale -

Any licence to any person to sell metheglin or mead by, retail -

Any licence to any person to make vinegar for sale Any licence to any person to sell tea or groceries, including foreign grapes, foreign currants, raisins, and figs, by retail, viz.

In the city of Dublin, or within the circular mad anrrMrt/4; QCr thp saine. and in fiverv city.

4 0 0

2 0 0

5 0 0

1 0 0

2 10 0

2 0 0

2 0 0

- 2 0 0

1

2

0

0

148

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64.

Schedule (A.)  continued.

Licences continued.

town, and place, returning a member to serve in parliament, or within two miles of the sessions-house, or principal market-house of any such city, town, or place In any other part of Ireland Any licence to any person to sell or make any gold or silvef plate for sale Any licence to any person to keep a tan-yard, or tan-pit, or to tan leather for sale Any licence to any person to dress hides and skins in oil -

Any licence to any person to make vellum or parchment -

Any licence to any person to sell any kind of spiritu-. ous liquors, by retail, in the places following, viz.

In the city of Dublin, or within the circular road surrounding the said city, and within the district of the metropolis Beyond the said circular road and wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not more than two miles distant therefrom In every other place within the district of the excise-office of Dublin, beyond the circular road and wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not distant more than five miles therefrom Within the city of Cork, and all places surrounded by the said city -

And within the rest of the county of the said city, or within one mile thereof Within the city of Waterford, and all places surrounded by the said city And within the rest of the county of the said city, or within one mile thereof In the city of Limerick, including that part thereof called Saint Francis's Abbey, and all places surrounded by the said city And within the rest of the county of the said city, or within one mile thereof -

Within the town of Belfast -

Within one mile thereof, or of the publick lamps therein Within the cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and the towns of Newry, Calway, Dundalk, Drogheda, and Clonmell In any other part of Ireland than those parts before described -

Any licence to any person to sell any kind of spirituous liquors ineariyi(pl$e^dn Ireland, in quantities not less than two galions, the like

[1806.

DUTY.

L

3 0 0 2 0 C

2 0 ( 1 0 < 1 0 ( 1 0 I

40 0

- S3 0

22 e

40 0 S3 0 40 0 S3 0

- 40 0

S3 0 40 0

- 83 0

22 0 11 0

M9

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64.

Schedule (A.)  continued. duty.

Licences continued. , /. d.

doty as is payable in such place on a licence to sell spirituous liquors by retail. x

Any licence to any person to sell spirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder, at any encampment of troops in Ireland, for one month - 10 0

And for every successive month - 1 0 0

Any licence to any factor, or other person selling home-made spirits, on commission or otherwise, in any place in Ireland, not being a licensed distiller or retailer of spirits, nor being otherwise licensed to sell spirits - SO 0 0

Any licence to any factor, or person selling foreign spirits on commission or otherwise, not being a licensed distiller or retailer of spirits, nor being otherwise licensed to sell spirits, nor being the importer of foreign spirits - , 30 0 0

Any licence to any brazier or worker in brass, copper, tin, or other metal for making of stills, still-heads, and worms of stills - 10 0

Any licence to any person to keep a malthouse and make malt for sale; for each and every cistern or < kiln, in each and every malthouse m his or her possession, in which such business shall be carried on in the places following, viz.

In the city of Dublin, or within the circular road-surrounding the said city, and within the district of the metropolis Beyond the said circular road and wall of, his Majesty's park the Phoenix* not more than two miles distant therefrom -

In everyothe*' place within the district of the excise-office of Dublin beyond the circulai; road and wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not distant more than five miles therefrom* -

Within the city of Cork, and all places surrounded by the said city /: -

And within the rest of the county of the said city, or within one mile thereof Within the city of Waterford, and all places surrounded by the said city -

And within the rest of the county of the said city, or within one mile thereof In the city of Limerick, including that part thereof called Saint Francis's Abbey, and all places suiTOunded by the said city - 30 0 0

And within the rest of the county of the said city, or within one mile thereof - - 20 0 0

In the town of Belfast - 30 0 0

/ Digfe Wfthidgle

30 0 o 20 0 0

15 0 0 30 0 0 20 0 0 SO 0 0 20 0 0

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. a 64. [1806.

Schedule (A.)  continued. duty.

Licences continued. dL

Within one mile thereof, or of the publick

lamps therein - -20 0 0

Within the cities of Armagh* Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and in any other place in Ireland, being a town corporate or borough returning any^member to serve in parliament 20 0 0 In any other part of Ireland than those ports

before described - 15 O 0

Any licence to any person, not being a maltster or maker of malt, to sell malt on commission or otherwise - 20 0 0

Any licence. to any person in Ireland to brew strong beer or ale, or small beer for sale, for each and every brewhouse used by such person in the places following, viz. v In the city of Dublin, or within the circular road surrounding the said city, and within the district of the metropolis, or beyond the said circular road and wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not more than two miles distant therefrom - 50 0 0

In every other place within the district of the f excise-office of Dublin, beyond the circular. road and wall of his Majesty's park the*

Phoenix, not distant more than five miles; therefrom - SO O 0

Within the city of Cork, and all places surrounded by the said city.- - - 50 O O

And within the rest of the county of the said, city, or within one mile thereof - - SO O O

Within the city of Waterford, and aH pirns i

surrounded by the said city - 50 O O

Within the rest of the county of the said

city, or within one mile thereof -.- SO O O

In the city of Limerick, including that part thereof called Saint Francis's Abbey, and all places surrounded by the said city - 50 O O Within the rest of the county of the said city,

or within one mile thereof - SO O

In the town of Belfast - -- 50/0

Within one mile thereof, or of the pubHok

lamps therein - 80 0

Within the cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and in any other pkce in Ireland being a town corporate of borough returning any member to serve in parliament .25 0

In any other place in Ireland - - 20 0

Any licence to any person to keep a coffee-house - 2 0

Any licence to any person to- sell thy'auction

b wftHin

00 c 000

10

5

0

0

1 0 0

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64.

Schedule (A.)  continued. duty.

Licences continued. . s. d.

within the district of the metropolis, or within six miles of the castle of Dublin, or within the city of Cork, and all places surrounded by the said city, and within the rest of the county of the said city, or within the city of Waterford, and all places surrounded by the said city, and within the rest of the county of the said city; and in the city of Limerick, including the part thereof called Saint Francis's Abbey, and all places surrounded by the said city, and within the rest of the county of the said city, and in the town of Belfast -61 any other part of Ireland Any licence to any person in Ireland to make glass botdes, and other vessels or utensils made of common bottle metal 1 -

Any licence to any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person, going from place to place in Ireland, and travelling either on foot or with horse, or other beast of burthen, or otherwise carrying to sell, or exposing to sale, any goods, wares, or merchandize \ also to travelling tinkers, and casters of iron and metal, and to persons hawking about tea or coffee for sale And further, for selling or exposing to sale any gold or silver plate And further, for every horse, or other beast, bearing or drawing burthen which such person shall so travel with, or cause to be used for the purpose of carrying or drawing his, her, or tlielr goods, wares, or merchandize Any certificate to be granted by any distributor of stamps, under the provisions (of an act made in the forty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, 1 An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon certificates with respect to the killing of game in'Ireland.' -

Any deputation or appointment of a game-keeper, granted to any person by a lord or lady of a manor or other person in Ireland -

2 0 0

I 0 0

2 0 0

- 2 2 0

2 2 0

VH  Newspapers, Almanacks, and Publications.

Any paper, containing publick news, intelligence, or occurrences, not hereby otherwise charged 0

Any such paper, which shall be published once in every week, and not oftener - - 0

Any almanack or calendar for any one particular year, or for any time less than a year, which shall

o 2 0 4

be

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c 64.

[1806.1

Schedule (A.)  continued. duty.

Licences continued. . j, J,

be printed on one side only of any one sheet or piece of paper, or other materials, and which shall not he printed so as to be afterwards separated in leaves, or bound as a book or pamphlet - - 0 0 9

Any other almanack or calendar for any particular

year, or for any time less than a year -'- 0 0 9

Any almanack or calendar made to serve for any

longer time than a year, or for several years - 0 7 6

Any Dublin directory - 006

Any army list (except such as shall be published with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being) - 0 0 6

Any daily account, or daily bill of goods, imported into, or exported from, Ireland, or abstract thereof, included in any other publication, except such daily accounts, or bills of imports or exports, as shall oe printed or published by any officer or officers, authorised to print the same by the lord lieutenant, of other chief governor or -governors of Ireland for the time being, and pursuant to the said authority - 0 0 1

Any account, or bill of goods, imported into, or exported from, Ireland, printed or published weekly, monthly, or at any other time or times, as accounts, or abstracts of accounts, of such goods, for each day's account contained therein; except such accounts, or bills of imports or exports, as shall be printed or published by such officer or officers, as aforesaid - 0 0 1

Schedule (B.)

Articles yot stamped on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

Por and upon every japanned hat, made of frool, felt, stuff, beaver, or leather, or any mixture of them, or with any other substance, or substances, by whatever name such hat shall be Called or distinguished, which, shall be uttered, vended, or sold, by any person taking out a licence for uttering or vending hats by retail;

If the price or value of such hat, including all the mountings, or other ornaments, except gold or silver lace,

shall not exceed the sum of 5s. Irish

currency - 0 0.3

Irish currency - 0 0 6{

7l. - 12l. - 0 1 1

12l. and shall not amount to 18l. - 0 2 2

If such price or value shall amount to 18l. or upwards - 02 8

for every advertisement to be contained or published m any gazette, newspaper, journal, or daily accounts, to be published weekly, or oftener, or in any other printed paper, or pamphlet, dispersed or made publick yearly, monthly, or at any other interval of time, or in any handbill, containing more than one advertisement; and for every copy of any proclamation, order of council, or act of state, made by the lord lieutenant, or other chief eoyemor or governors of Ireland for the time being, or the privy council of Ireland, which shall be contained or published in any gazette, newspaper, journal, or daily accounts, other than the Dublin gazette - 010

And for every ten lines which every such advertisement, proclamation, order, or act of state shall contain, over and above the first ten lines (no such lines to exceed twenty ems-of the letter called long-primer, or two inches and three quarters of an inch), a further duty of - 010

And if such advertisement shall be printed in lines exceeding such length as aforesaid, then a duty in all cases, equal, to treble the amount of the foregoing duties.

For every pamphlet or paper not exceeding six sheets m octavo, or in a lesser page, and not exceeding twelve sheets in quarto, or twenty sheets in folio, for every sheet of any kind of paper contained in one printed copy or impression thereof, \

a duty of - 020

The foregoing duty on advertisements and pamphlets does not extend to advertisements.respecting hospitals, forms of prayer and thanksgiving, printed votes, and proceedings in parliament, school books, or books of devotion or piety.

For each and every day during any fair in Ireland, for which any person licensed to sell spirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder, by retail, shall be duly authorised by a magistrate to sell such spirituous or other liquors in any hut, tent, or

Schedule (B.)  continued.

DUTY

If such price or value,

shall exceed 5l. and shall not exceed 7l.

Goc r[(bolh*

*S4

DUTY. / </. 0 0

0 I s

0 15

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64. [1806.

Schedule (V>, )^-onUmmi. booth, or in any street, road, or open place at such fair - > -

For any assurance or insurance, viz.

For any assurance or insurance of any ship or ships, goods or merchandize, or any other property, or interest, whereon insurance may he. lawfully made against loss in any voyage or voyages, or from the danger of, or other perils: at sea; where the premium or consideration in the nature of a premium actually and bond side paid i or contracted for, shall qot exceed the rate of ttaeuty shillings per cent.'>

For any voyage to or from any port or place in the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey,

Alderney, Sark, or Man, from or to any1 other place in the said Kingdom or Islands;

Where the sum insured shall amount to one hundred pounds, or any less sum And so progressively for every one hundred pounds so insured -

And> where the sum insured shall exceed one hundred popnds, or any progressive sums of; one hundred pounds each, by any fractional part of one hundred pounds, for such fractional part - For any other voyage';

/ i Where the sum insured shall amount to one hundred pounds, or any less sum '

And so progressively for every one Jiundned pounds so insured -: -

And where the sum insured shall exceed one hundred pounds, or any progressive sums of one hundred pounds each, by any fractional part of one hundred pounds or such fractional part -

And where the premium, or consideration in the ' natum of a premium, for such insurance, actually and bona fide paid or contracted for, shall exceed the rate of twenty shillings per cent, for any voyage, then a dtttv, m all cases, equal to double the amount of the foregoing duties.

Any assurance or insurance upon every sum of one hundred pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum, that is or shall be insured by any person or persons m or by any. policy of insurance for injuring houses, goods, furniture, warehouses, merchandize, or other property from loss by fire, yearly -

o 1 3

2 6

- 0 2 6

0 2 

0*6

Schedule

*55

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 64.

I

Schedule (C.)

Allowances.

To any person who shall bring vellum, parchment, dr paper to the head-office of the commissioners of stamps in Dublin, to be stamped, the duties whereof shall amount to twenty pounds or upwards (save and except vellum, parchment, and paper, to be stamped with any duty of fifty pounds or upwards in the foregoing Schedules mentioned; or to be stamped with any duty of eleven pounds or upwards in respect of any licences),

after the rate of three pounds for every one hundred pounds, upon prompt payment of the said duty upon such vellum, parchment, or paper, so by them brought; and to any person or persons who shall buy any vellum, parchment, or paper, at the head-office for stamping the same, the duty whereof shall amount to the like sum of twenty pounds-or upwards, save as aforesaid, the same allowance upon prompt payment, to aay shopkeeper or shopkeepers, dealer or dealers, or other person or persons who snail for his, her, or their own sole use; purchase at, the headoffice of the commissioners of stamps i in the city of Dublin any quantity of paper stamped for.receipts, apd shall at the time of purchasing such stamped paper write, or jCause to be written or printed thereon, these; words:  li I [or we; here inserting the name or names, or firm \ sf the person or persons, for whose use such paper shall be intended to be used] o hereby acknowledge that I [or we, as the case ussy he] have received ...an allowance thereon

after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum, if the quantity I so purchased at one time shall amount to the value of five pounds and not exceed fifteen pounds; and after the rate of 1 twenty pounds per centum if the quantity so purchased at one time shall amount to fifteen pounds or upwards.

To stationers, or other persons, who shall purchase stamps for receipts tfo the amount, at one and the same time, of ten pounds, in consideration of their making no charge to the publick for the paper stamped for receipts, but actually and bona fide selling the same for the price, of the stamp only, seven pounds ten shillings for every one hundred pounds of the amount of the duty on such stamps for receipts, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum, not under the sum of ten pounds; this allowance being over zjid above the allowance on the prompt payment of stamp-dutyps to the amount of twenty pounds or upwards.

CAP. LXV.

An act for granting to his Majesty during the present war, emd until the sixth day of April next after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, further additional rates and duties in Great Britain on the rates emd duties on profits arising from property, 1 prosessions, trades, and offices, and for repealing an act passed in the forty-fifth ye nr of his present Majesty, for repealing certain parts of an het made in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, fir granting a contribution on the profits arising from property,

prosessions, trades and offices; and to consolidate and render more ffectual the provisions fir collecting the said duties.

[June 13, 1806.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an act passed in the forty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting to

his Majesty until the sixth day of May next after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, a contribution on the profits arising from property, prosessions, trades, and offices, it was enacted, that'dtitinr the term therein mentioned, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid throughout Great Britain, the several duties and contributions contained in the-Schedules of the said act, marked (A.) (JB.) (C.) (D.) and (E.); which dudes are as fellows, (videlicet s)

Schedule (A.)

Duties by For all lands, tenements, hereditaments, or h^rita^ there shall former act. foe charged throughout Great Britain in respect of the; property thereof, for every twenty killings of the dnnUafvalue thereof, thef sum of One shilling.

- Schedule (B.)

For all d^llirtg-hcruses, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, hi England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, there shall be charged in Aspect of the occupation thereof, for every twenty shilling! of the annual value thereof, the sum of nine-pence:

For 3II dwelling-hotises, lands, tenements, or heritages in Scotland, there shall be charged in respect of the occupation thereof, for every twenty shillings of the annual value thereof, the sum of Sixpence.

Schedule (C.)

Upon all profits arising from annuities, dividends, and shares of annuities, payable to any person or persons, bodies polirick or corporate, companies or societies, whether corporate or not corporate, out of any publick revenue, there shall be charged for every twenty shillings of the annual amount thereof, tie sum of one shilling without deducrion.

n "

*57

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.

Schedule (D.)

Upon the annual profits or gains arising or accruing to any person or persons residing in Great Britain, from any kind of property whatever, whether situate in Great Britain or elsewhere, or from any profession, trade, or vocation, whether the same shall be respectively carried on in Great Britain or elsewhere, there shall be charged for every twenty shillings of the amount of such profits or gains the yearly sum of one shilling:

And upon the annual profits or gains arising or accruing to any , person or persons whatever, whether subjects of his Majesty or not, although not resident within Great Britain, from any property whatever in Great Britain, or any profession, trade, employment or vocation exercised within Great Britain, there shall: be charged for every twenty shillings of the amount of such profits or gains the yearly sum of one shilling.

Schedule (E.)

fpon every publick office or employment of profit, and upon every annuity, pension, or stipend, payable by his Majesty or oat of the publick revenue of Great Britain, except annuities before charged to the duties in Schedule (C.) for every twenty ABlings of the annual value thereof respectively there shall be charged the sum of one shilling.

And whereas by an act passed in the forty-fifth year of the reign Act as Oeo.3. vf kb present Majesty, an additional duty was granted of one- c* lS-feurth part of the net amount of the duty charged by any assessment under and by virtue of the said first tecited act; We, your Commons Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of the have resolved united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament as- rant LJembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your au i Majesty's publick expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved 4o give and ggant unto your Majesty the additional duties herein- ' after mentioned; and do most numbly beseech your Majesty that k may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth For charging day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, there shall be charged, raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the use of pJ-JLeJty,

Ms Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the term herein- prosessions, after limited, on the annual value and amount of profits of all trades, and property, prosessions, trades, and, offices mentioned in the re- ce8-spective Schedules of the said first recited act, marked (A.) (C.)

(D.) and (E.) after the rate of two shillings for every twenty

shillings of such annual value or amount; and on the annual

value of all property mentioned in the Schedule marked (B.) of

file said first recited act, if situate in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, after the rate of one shilling and sixpence for every

Act 45 O.3. c. 49 repealed.

158 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

twenty shillings of such annual value, and if situate in Scotian/, after the rate of one shilling for every twenty shillings of such annual value, including therein the rates and duties befog recited 5 which rates and duties shall respectively be charged in one sum at the respective rates before mentioned.

II. And whereas it is expedient that the said duties should be ih For assessing sessed> raised, leviedy and paid under the provisions of this act\ belt and levying the refore enacted, That upon all assessments of the said duriei the duties. to be made, for any year commencing after the fifth day of Aptm

one thousand eight hundred and six, the following rules; regiF lations, penalties, clauses, matters, and things, shall be observed* practised, and carried into execution 5 and all the powers, pro2 visions, rules, regulations, clauses, matters, and things, contained in an act passed fci the forty-fifth year of the reign of his Majesty, intituled An act to repeal certain parts of an act made in t forty-third year of his present Majesty tfor granting a contribution the profits arising from property y prosessions, trades, and cfficesy and consolidate and render tnore effectual the provisions for collecting said duties, shall respectively cease and determine; save i except always as to the deductions, exemptions, and abatements, which may be claimed from any assessment of the said recited duties, or any of them, made for any year before the period limitel for the commencement of this act; and also save and except die penalties and forfeitures in the said act contained, and the provisions for recovery thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon every fractional part of twenty shillings of the annual profits or gains aforesaid, the lib proportion of duty, at the rate before directed, shall be charged^ provided no rate or duty shall be charged of a lower denominatioi than one penny.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said duties arising in England to be England, Wales, and Berwici-upon-Tweed, shall be assessed, raised, Act43 G.>er lev*e(*> and collected, under the regulations of an act passed in the c. 99?and in forty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, for consolidating Scotland certain of the provisions contaitied in any act or acts, relating to tk underact duties under the management of the commissioners for the affoirrf and subse-0"* an^ for amending the same and other acts relating the reto^ of qUflnt acts. for explaining and amending the same and the said duties arising ifl

Scotland shall be assessed, raised, levied, and collected, under the regulations of an act passed in the same session of parliament, consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any act or acts n* lating to the duties under the management of the of fir tk affairs of taxes, and for amending the said actsf so far as relate to fkfct-land; and other acts relating thereto, or for explaining and amend-Powers of saidn ^ie 8ame'anc* a^ ant* eveiT the powers, authorities, methods, acts to be rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things applied to the contained in such acts (except where other provisions are made m ^rtstf^reat act)^severally and respectively duly observed, pne-Sri tain.* tised, and put in execution throughout the respective parts of Great Britain as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the same powers, authorities, methods; rules,

directions,

Charging duties on fractional puts.

The duties in

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65, 159

fectwns, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, im particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act,

9i respectively applied to such parts of Great Britain as aforesaid all and every the regulations of such acts (except as wretaid) shall be applied, construed, deemed, and taken to refer' todris act in like manner, as if the same had been enacted therein $ id the said several duties so levied, shall be under the direction management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes for time being, appointed or to be appointed by his Majesty, his B or successors.

V. And be it further enacted, That the persons appointed com- Peivons ap-'jeioners for the general purposes of the said recited acts, and Panted com-tbg as such for the year immediately preceding the commence-

of this act, shall and may, if willing so to do, continue to poses may as such of, without any new or further appoint- continue to Qt under this act; provided that the names of such com m is-uch* be transmitted within two calendar months after the King of this act to the office for taxes for the districts in England, to the barons of the Exchequer in Scotland or comptroller of*there for Scotland.

VI. And whereas it is expedient to appoint of for the ps/purposes of tins act from and amongst the persons appointed msnoners for the execution of an act passed in the thirty-eighth rtf the reign of Ins present Majesty, intituled An act for granting id to his Majesty by a land-ta/ to be raised in Great Britain,

[the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-^t, or from and amongst the persons appointed of for the of the said act by any subsequent act of parliament passed or it passed, to act in the execution of this act, so far as relates to the v hereby vested in such of; be it further enacted, the several persons appointed or to be appointed to be com- Commission-oners for putting in execution the said land-tax act in the re- er8 for the ire parts of Great Britain therein mentioned, being respect

qualified to act as of in the execution of the said choeen from act, shall meet at such place within each county, shire, or the commis-, and within each riding of York, and division of Lincoln, doners of 1 within each city, borough, cinque-port, town, and place, for sch they are respectively appointed of of the said meeting con-kax act, as shall have been the usual and common place of vened by ling the general meetings of of under the said sheriffs, kax act, (or if such general meetings shall not have been foally held in any such county, riding, division, shire, stewartry,

Ity, borough, cinque-port, town, or place, then at the place where 4c quarter-sessions shall be usually held therein in the week after

4t dose of Easter or next after Easter in every year) 5 which Wings shall be convened by the respective sheriffs of counties h Bugland and Wales, and by the respective sheriffs depute or tthsbtuteof counties or shires in Scotland, and by the respective dwf magistrates of all boroughs, cinque-ports, towns, and places*h Great Britain, whenever the same shall have been certified to then to be necessary by the commissioners for the affairs of taxes

- by

i6o

Manner of choosing acting corn-ini sioners.

And for supplying

vacancies.

In want of Jand-tax of, other fit persons

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

<for the respective districts or any of them in England, or by the barons -of his Majesty's court of Exchequer for the respective districts or any of them in Scotland, and shall be held between the first day of March and the fifth day of April yearly in every year in England, and between the fifth day of April and the thirtieth day of May i\\ Scotland, after such notice shall have beengiwoto such officers accordingly \ and at each such general meeting the said of of land-tax, or the major part of them then present, shall choose and set down in writing the names of such of the of appointed as aforesaid, who shall respectifdf be qualified as herein after is required, and who shall be fit and proper to act in the several hundreds, rapes, lathes, wapentakes, or wards, within the said counties, ridings, or shires, stewartries, fll divisions; or in the several parishes or wards of the said cide| boroughs, cinque-ports, towns, and places within the same, flb serving always in forming such districts the same limits whkl shall have been settled for the districts under the said land-til act; and the names of such persons who shall be so chosen s be set down in the order in which the major part of the < missioners then present shall judge fit they should respect be appointed of in their respective districts; and ? seven, or any less number than seven not being in any case than three, of the persons so set down and in the order in wh they shall be so set down in such list, shall be of the general purposes of this act, and of the duties grantedaJ aforesaid, and they are hereby required to take upon them$elie( the execution of this act as aforesaid and of the said duties as wi of for general purposes 5 and any seven, or any ksl number than seven not being in any case lesi than three, of fa persons so set down next in order to the list of names before mentioned, shall be of to supply vacancies as fa same may arise in the manner herein after mentioned: provided always, that if the of appointed as herein is fat mentioned shall not find amongst themselves and set down fa names of seven persons to act and seven others to suppfy

residing in the vacancies for each district within such county, riding, divisMb

district may be named

Or from

adjoining

districts.

shire, stewartry, city, liberty, or place, it shall be lawful for fan to appoint any person or persons residing within such district, who shall respectively be qualified as herein after is required, and who in their judgement shall be fit and proper persons to be of for the purposes aforesaid, until the number of seven in each such list shall be completed, although such persons shall not have been appointed to act as of in fa execution of the said land-tax act: provided also, that if at such meeting the of shall not find and set down fourteen persons of the descriptions before mentioned to act as commit* sioners and to supply vacancies in each such district, it shall be j lawful for them to select s^ich number of persons as shall be requisite from the persons acting in or for any adjoining or neighbouring district of the same county, riding, division, shire, Stewartry, city, town, or place, in order that there shall be no faihnt

byVJ.OOglC

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65* 161

indie execution of this act as aforesaid; and the names of such respective persons who shall have been so chosen as aforesaid for any district in England, shall be transmitted to the tax-office, and those so chosen for any district in Scotland, shall be transmitted to the comptroller of taxes there, in the order in which they shall have been set down in such lists: provided always, None other to that where seven persons, qualified as herein after is required, shall act*

Fbe chosen to act as of for any district as aforesaid,

5"bo other person shall interfere as a commissioner in the execution "of this act so long as such seven persons shall continue to act,

- except in the districts herein after mentioned: provided also, that With P0^er8 irhere any commissioner or of appointed to execute ^ners bvftire the said act of the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for appointed to granting the said recited duties, and continuing to act in the continue to execution of the said act, or to be appointed to act in the exe- act> cation of this act, and acting as such at and immediately before.': e time of holding such general meeting; shall signify to such meeting either personally or by writing his or their consent to continue to act as such commissioner or of, then and in fevery such case, and so from time to time, the said commis-toners of land-tax present at such meeting shall be confined at - such meeting to the appointment of such and so many persons to: e of for the purposes of this act, or to supply va-J caries, as shall be necessary to complete tire number required by this act above the number so consenting to act as aforesaid: pro- ,

tided also, that such general meetings as aforesaid shall and may, first meeting, for the present year, be holden at any time before the tenth day of October next after the passing of this act.

VII. And whereas the district of Bedlingtonshire, situate in the ^ssm/yo/'Northumberland near to Morpe th ward in the said county % if part of the county palatine ^Durham, and has hitherto been charged, tether with Chester ward in the said county to the great inconvenience 4/f the inhabitants thereof; be it further enacted, That upon all The district 35* ssments to be made under this act the said district of Bedling- ^Mhireto be Mmshire shall be charged under this act as part of Morpeth ward in deemed part the said county of Northumberland, provided that any person or of Morpeth persons residing in the said district of Bedlingtonshire, being duly ^.ard>in.^Hkfified according to this act, may act as a commissioner or j umber" of, together with the of chosen and acting ot Morpeth ward aforesaid, in all matters and things relating to Bedlingtonshire.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if in any county, riding, 1" default of

or division, or any city, town, or place, any default; shall happen holding a

in holding such general meeting for any year, ' thep and in every meeting the

such case the of already appointed or to be appointed commia-

m manner before directed, and acting as such immediately before sioners may

and at the time when such meeting ought to be held, snail and continue to

69., 3 act without

may continue to act as such of without any new f^rt^er ap-

appointment, and it shall be lawful for them to supply any p0intment,

vacancies then existing, in such manner as they are hereby authorised to fill up vacancies.

i6z

How vacancies are to be applied.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

IX. And be it further enacted, That when any one or more of the'of for general purposes shall die or decline to act, or haying begun to act shall decline to act any further therein, then and in every such case the remaining commissioners shall choose one or more of the person or persons

oh the list, to supply vacancies, who shall be appointed the

tain places additional

of may be chosen.

commissioner or of in the place of the commissioner or of so refusing or declining to act or dying, 1 pirovided the person so to be appointed shall have been chosen' to supply suen vacancy 1nf the same manner as the person, sd* refusing or dedining to act or dying; and the several of of land-tax shall at such their general meetings, ' and the several persons herein after authorised to appoint com

; rfiissionexls- for certain cities and towns herein mentioned; shall, ' oh 'notice thereof from the clerk to the acting commissioned for thq; same cities and towns respectively as often as occasion shall tequite, select and add new names, to the persons beforf dhosen to supply vacancies* who shall respectively be a commissioner or Commissioners for general purposes, as and whd( any such vacancy" shall happen: provided always, that if % list for Supplying vacandes to bO'mkde and renewed as afdra rsaid shill Jat any time be' defective, so that the "due number of cannot be supplied therefrom, the same sM be filled.up and renewed from time to time by tijbe acting commissioners for general* purposes' in the district'toh'eife failure shall rhave happened. .'rv

'X. Provided Always, and be it fotther enacted, That ^thii^lM for each of the dries and1 towns herein after mentioned, vuf 'London, -

In

London^ Bristol, Exeter, ' Hull) Nenrcastk-upon-Tyhe y Not Birmingham) 'Liverpool) yLeed^y Manchester, 'King if Lupny\ixAv'-.-i  ic -l..uuu herein after

Great TarhmitH\ it shall bb* hityfut for "the p mentioned to choose of, and persons to supply theft Vacati^W, tbact together Visith the' persons chosen or appoint^ or to be chosen as "before deeded; and that in kjid for the city of L'Jmhnl'tt^b coforriissioncri) and two to silpply their vacancies ihalKbe named by the mayor' atfd ald'ermen.or London out cf eight persons, Four of, whom shall be aldermen, 'to be returned to thefirriby the Common 'cottiidl; two other commissionera.aittd two to supply tfieir vacancies by the governor and directors oil the bahkdf England} one' other commissioner and one othei to supply hisj vacancy by each of the companies hereifttftei mentioned; videlicet, the directors of the United Company of Merchants of England* trading to the East Indies, the go-veriibr arid' directors of the South Sea Company^ the gavetpdi and directorsbf4thZ ^Rototil Exchange Insurance Company, the goveFiYbr and ' ti Writers of the Loflac?; Assurance Company/1& directors for conducting and stranaging the affairs of the Ifcw India Dock Cohipany' anil the directors for conducting anc managing the Lohdort Ddck Company for the tifne ' being: and that ft shall be lawful for the magistrates 'land justices 0 the peace acting in and for the city of Noripieht0 ChooSe etgh

163

;3a6.] Anno, regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 63.

ersons to be of, anti eight persons to supply their vacancies, not more than four of the said eight of, jid not more than four of the said eight persons to supply their acancies to he chosen from out of the said magistrates and justices, and the remaining four of and four persons to apply thek vacancies to be chosen from the inhabitants of the aid city; and in and for each of the other cities and towns aefore mentioned, it shall be lawful for the magistrates and iLstices of the peace acting in and for the said city, or town, or the county, riding, or division, where the Said city, or town situate, to choose eight persons to be of and eight persons to supply their vacancies as herein is mentioned; and the person so chosen by the land-tax of as afore->: d, together with the other persons respectively chosen as herein is particularly directed, shall be of for the eposes of this; act, and to supply their vacancies as the same 3iay arise within and far the several districts in which such cities ind towns respectively shall be situate, or which shall formed by such cities and towns respectively, and for such aher places which have usually been assessed in the same fctrict with such cities and towns respectively towards the aid by d land-tax; and the names of all persons so chosen as last aoresaid shall be. returned to the commissioners for the affairs tales: provided always, that the persons already named by*respective corporations, companies, and persons aforesaid,

0 pursuance of the said recited act9, or any of them, and acting as of at the time of passing of this act, hill continue to be of for general purposes, so long i' such persons are willing to act therein, without any new ippointment.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in Where suf-there shall not be a sufficient number of of heientcom-diosen or appointed for general purposes as aforesaid, or to ^chosen for supply vacancies, capable of acting according to the qualification cities and required by this act, for any city, borough, town, or place, then towns, the; in every such case any person qualified to act for the county commission-i! Urge, or riding, shire, or stewartry, in which or adjoining c"ulJty h such city, borough, town, or place shall be situate, may be'chosen.1

1 chosen to act as a commissioner for such city, borough, town, or place.

All; Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Power to perm or persons residing in the county, riding, division, shire, choose per* stewartry, city, town, or place* where a commissioner or of shall be wanting, and qualified as herein after mem* although pot tioned, who shalb be willing to act as a commissioner for named in general purposes as aforesaid in any district where commis- kd*i sbner or of shall be wanting, may be chosen in r

manna aforesaid to be such commissioner or of, although such person or persons shall not have been appointed - i

to act in the execution of the said land-tax act, any thing hereinbefore contaiaed to the contrary notwithstanding.

2 by GOC^P* And

of commissioners

164 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. C. 6$.

[1806.

Commis-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if in any district there Und^taxact*neglect in appointing of for general

to execute the purposes as hereby is directed, or the of scf appointed set on neglect shall neglect or refuse to act, or having begun to act shall decline to act farther therein, it shall be lawful for the of appointed to execute the said land-tax act, being respectively qualified as directed by this act, and they and every of them not in any case exceeding the number of seven, on notice of such neglect and want of appointment by any inspector or surveyor of the said duties, duly authorised to give such notice, by writing under the hands of three or more of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes for the districts in England, and of two pr more of the barons of his Majesty's .exchequer of Scotland, for the districts in Scotland, shall and they are hereby strictly enjoined and required to take upon themselves the execution of this act, and to do and execute all matters and things which of chosen in pursuance of this act are hereby required and empowered to do; and if in any district there shall be a want of such last mentioned of, the commis* aioners of any adjoining district in the same county, riding, or division, shire, or stewartry, being respectively qualified as directed by this act, shall, on like notice aforesaid, execute this act as such of by themselves, or in concurrence with any person or persons willing to act as of of the district where this act shall require to be executed; apdif the persons aforesaid to whom such notice shall have been given as aforesaid, shall not take upon themselves the execution of this act, then and in such case it shall be lawful for any two or more of the commissioner for special purposes, to be appointed under the authority of this act, to execute this act in such district in all matters and things hereby directed to be done by of for general purposes: provided always, that where of willing to act in each district shall not be returned to the tax-office in England and Scotland respectively as aforesaid, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said of for the affairs of taxes, and barons respectively, to cause Such notices as aforesaid to be given to two or more of the persons on whom the right of executing this act shall de Alive, in pursuance of the directions of this act before mentioned.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the of

to be appointed for general purposes in manner aforesaid shall and may appoint a cleric, and assistant if necessary, for the duties to be assessed by them in each district, who shall execute their office according to the regulations of this act and the acts herein mentioned respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no person herein re-r quired to be qualified in respect of estate shall be capable of acting as a commissioner for general purposes in execution of this act for any county at'large within England (the county of Monmouth and the dominion of Wales excepted) or in or for any of the riding* of the county of York, or the county or divisions of

, inttfa)

and of for special purposes on neglect of land-tax of.

Commissioners may appoint a clerk and assistant.

Qualification of of for counties in England.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 165

Lincoln, or in or for the cities of London or Westminster y unless such person be seised or possessed of lands, tenements* or hereditaments in Great Britain, of the value of two hundred pounds per annum or more of (its own estate, being freehold or; copyhold, ot leasehold for a term whereof not less than seven years are unexpired* over and above all ground-rents, incumbrances, and reservations payable out of the same respectively, or unless such person shall be possessed of personal estate of the value of five thousand pounds, or a personal estate or an interest ! therein producing an annual income of two hundred pounds, or of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and personal estate, or an interest therein, being together of the annual value of two hundred pounds, estimating in every such case one hundred pounds personal estate as equivalent to four pounds per annum y and an interest from personal estate of four pounds per annum at.equivalent to one hundred pounds personal estate, or unless such person be the eldpst son of some person who shall be seised or possessed of a like estate of thrice the value or more as is above required as the qualification of a commissioner in right of his own estate, for such county at large, riding, division; or city.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no such person shall 1 Mon* be capable of acting as such commissioner as' last aforesaid for j?jy

Ae county of Monmouth, or for any county in Wales, or for any an(j towns'Other city, town, or place, being a county of itself, or for the being coun-Iberty or franchise of EIyt or for any cinque port, unless such tie* of them-ferson be seised or possessed of an estate of the like nature, and 8elve8; rf three-fifths of the value as is herein required for the estate lof a commissioner acting for an j county at large in England as ifoTesaid; nor for any other city, borough, liberty, town, or For other > place, not being a county of itself, nor ior any of the Inns of cities, towns,

: Court and Inns of Chancery, or liberty of the Rolls, unless such or Placeg* i person be seised or possessed of an estate of the like nature, and of one-half of the value as herein required for the estate of a commissioner acting for any county at large in England; or raJess such person be the eldest son of some person who shall be seised or possessed of some estate of thrice the value or more, is is fbove required as the qualification of a commissioner, in tight of his own estate, for the same county, city, borough, einque port, liberty. Inn of Court or Chancery, town, or place,

XVlIr And be it further enacted, That no person herein For counties required to be qualified in respect of estate shall be capable ofin Scotlan^: acting as a commissioner for general purposes in execution of this act for any shire or stewartry in Scotland, who is not enfeoft is superiority or property, or possessed as proprietor or life renter of lands in Scotland to the extent of, one hundred and.fifty pounds Scots per annum valued rent; or unless such person shall be possessed of personal estate of the value of three thousand pounds, or of personal estate or an interest therein producing an annual income of one hundred and twenty pounds tteesing, or be enfeoft or possessed as aforesaid of lands and pe^oiul estate, or an interest therein, being together of the annual

166

For cities or boroughs in Scotland.

Exemption for officers particularly authorised.

A moiety of the qualification in lands to be in the county.

For choosing additional of.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 6^. [io6.

annual value of one hundred and twenty pounds sterling, estimating in every such case one hundred pounds personal estate as equivalent to four pounds per annum, and an interest from personal estate of four pounds per annum as equivalent to one hundred pounds personal estate* or unless he shall be the eldest son of some person who shall be enfeoft or possessed of a like estate of twice the value or more, as is required as the qualification of a commissioner in right of his own estate for such shire or stewartry.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no such person shall be capable of acting as such commissioner as last aforesaid, for any city or borough in Scotland, unless such person be enfeoft or possessed of an estate of the like nature, and of three-fifths of the value herein required for the estate of a commissioner acting for any shire or stewartry in Scotland; or unless such person be the eldest son of some person enfeoft or possessed of some estate of thrice the value or more, as is above required as the qualification of a commissioner in right of his own estate, for the same city or borough.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to require any qualification of a commissioner in the district of the palaces of Whitehall and Saint James Westminster, for any officer who shall have heretofore acted or may hereafter act as a commissioner for putting in execution the said land-tax act in the said district, other than the possession of their respective offices} nor in any shire or stewartry in Scotland for any proyost, badlie, dean of guild, treasurer, master of the merchants' company, or deacon convenor of the trades for the time being of any royal burgh in Scotland, nor any baillie for the time being of any borough of regality or barony in Scotland, nor the factors for the time being on the several forfeited estates annexed to the crown, by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of his late majesty King Ocorge the Second, who shall be respectively appointed of for executing the said land-tax acts in any shire or stewartry in Scotland.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no estate consisting of lands or tenements, as the qualification of a commissioner, shall be required to be situate in the county, riding, division, shire, or stewartry, for which such person shall be a commissioner: provided also, that the proof of such Qualification shall lie on the person acting in the execution of this act, in such manner as is directed in any act herein mentioned, with respect to of acting in the execution of the said land-tax, act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be dfcenjed by the commissioners for the general purposes of this act to be expedient that certain of the powers herein amtrined shall fie executed by of other than and in aqdition to, the persons chosen or appointed, or to be dhosen or appointed as aforesaid such additional of sha# he chosen by

' 191 lze y o the

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. 65. 167

the of for general purposes acting in- tlsc sortie district} lor which purpose the said of, being duly qualified as required by this act, shall, with the consent of the major part of them assembled at any meeting to be held for that purpose, set down in writing lists of the names of such persons residing within their respective districts as shall, in the,

opinion of such of, be fit and proper persons to act such additional of, which list sh.ll contain the names of so many of those persons as the said of,

shall in their discretion, after taking into consideration the size of each district and the number of persons to be assessed therein, think requisite for the due execution of this act, which lists'being respectively signed by any two or more of such of shall be a sufficient authority for such additional of, being respectively qualified as herein after is mentioned, and they are hereby authorised to take upon themselves the execution of the several powers of this act according ro the provisions thereof: provided always, that the persons appointed to supply vacancies in any district may be chosen and act as additional of until their services shall be required as of for general purposes.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Qualificatioi

person shall be capable of acting as such additional commissioner of additional

who shall not be seised or enfeoft or possessed of an estate of ^mission*

the like nature, and of half the value as is herein required for T \ u r r .*- In default or the estate of a commissioner for general purposes in the same namihgaddi-

district: provided also, that where no additional of tional corn-

dull be named and appointed in any district, their and in such missioners,

case the of appointed for general purposes shall ^OT?eneral

execute the same in such district, in all matters and things purpOSfs tnay

tuthorised to be done by additional of by this act. act.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if in any For the sup-

city, liberty, franchise, cinque port, town, or place, for which ply of corn-separate of have been appointed to act in execution m

of the said land-tax act, there shall not be found a sufficient {J^ng per-number of persons qualified as directed by this act to act as sons qualified* of for general purposes, or as additional of, then and in such case it shall be lawful to appoint, as

such of or additional of, any persons residing in such city, liberty, franchise, cinque port, town, or place, who shall be liable to be assessed under the provisions contained in this act for annual profits, however arising, to the amount of two hundred pounds or upwards.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every year when

a new appointment of a commissioner or of shall ]evy fox-

take place, he or they shall execute this act, as well with respect former yean;

to the duties which shall not, but which ought to have been

assessed in any former year, and with respect to arrears of duties

assessed in any former year under the said recited acts, or this act, as to the assessments to be made in such year in or for

whkh they shall be appointed, and shall have the like powers

'*' by 1 to

Two of to do any act:

Notice to be given to additional of to take upon

execution of this act.

168 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

to assess, levy, and collect such duties and arrears as they have to assess, levy, and collect the duties assessed by them, for all which acts such appointment shall be a sufficient authority) subject to the regulations of this act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all acts, matters, and things, which may be done by any of herein named or authorised to be appoir-ed as aforesaid, shall and may be done by any two or more of them, or by the major part

None to have of $uch of where more than two shall be present; or reward. and no fee> rewarcj# salary, pay, or compensation shall be demanded, allowed, paid, or taken by any such commissioner on any pretence whatever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the commissioners for general purposes as aforesaid shall have named such additional of, they shall cause notice thereof in writing, signed by two or more of them, to be delivered to

themselvesthe them by the assessors of the respective parishes or places where such additional of reside, with the day of the first meeting of the said additional of, and the place of such meeting to be appointed by such of for general purposes, and which shall not be later than ten days after the date of such notice; and the said respective assessors shall, without delay, cause the respective persons so named to be summoned by notice in writing either given personally or left at their respective places of abode, to assemble at the time and place mentioned in such notice, for the purpose of qualifying themselves to act in the execution of the powers vested in them by this act; and the said of for general purposes, or any two or more of them, shall administer the oath or affirmation to such additional of required by this act to be taken by them, and shall then and there appoint a day for the said additional of to bring in their certificates of assessment in the manner herein directed; and the clerk to the of in each district or his assistant shall also be appointed clerk to the additional of appointed for the same district, and shall attend the said additional of at their meetings as their clerk.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the commissioners for general purposes, whenever in their judgement the same shall be requisite, to divide such additional of into district-committees, and to allot to each committee distinct parishes, wards, or places, in which such committees shall separately act in the execution of this act, provided that the meetings of such committee shall be appointed at such times as that the clerk to such of every meeting.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for more than seven persons to act together as additional of forjhe same district not being formed into d? tIic^tCe or severa* divisions as aforesaid, nor any greater number to act 8 together in the same committee; and that where more than

CVCI1

The oath or affirmation, to be administered to them.

Clerk.

Dividing additional of into committees.

Number of additional of in each

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 169

seren persons shall attend as such additional of at any meeting, either for the whole of any district, or for any dinsion thereof, the seven persons first in their order on the list signed by the commissioners for general purposes then present shall act, and the rest shall withdraw from such meeting: provided also, that not less than two additional of shall competent to form any meeting either for any district or vision thereof; and that any two of them, or the major part them then present, shall be competent to do any act authored by this act.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if for appoint-shall appear to the commissioners for general purposes as d re-aid, whether they shall have been chosen as aforesaid, or commission-1! act by virtue of their appointment of of for ers for general: ecuting the said land-tax act, to be expedient that a greater PurPbcs in-mber than seven of for general purposes as afore- ^onalce^n^1*

1, possessing the qualification required for such of, missioners.

d be appointed for any district, instead of appointing of possessing only the qualification required for: rional of as before mentioned, it shall be lawful them to appoint such greater number, not in any case exuding the number of seven, observing, with regard to such ntments, the same rules as in the first appointment of o missioners for general purposes as aforesaid, but neverthe-without adding thereto any persons to supply their landes; and in every case of appointing such increased Two of them umber of of for general purposes as aforesaid, it offic^of^di-be lawful for the said of, at their first meeting tional com-: such appointment, and they are hereby required, to choose missionera.

idifferently by lot such number of their own body, not less two or more than seven, to execute the office vested in: 'irional of by this act, and the persons so chosen be additional of for executing this act, and the - rs hereby vested in additional of, and they are reby required to execute this act accordingly; and the reining of, not so chosen by lot, shall execute the yers vested in the commissioners for general purposes as Where none; resaid; provided, that where no such additional commis-8U?h* r shall have been appointed specially to execute the powers commissio, d in additional of, the of acting in era for the execution of the powers of this act, whether chosen as purposes of esaid or not, shall divide themselves in such manner that of at the least shall be appointed to execute the themselves, so ers vested in additional of by this act; and if in that two may h case there shall not be two remaining persons at least act as addi-Jified to act as of for general purposes, as afore-

in such district, then and in such case the persons jfnot 8uf, iualified to act in the execution of the powers of this act as com- ficient of such doners for genetal purposes as aforesaid in any adjoining commission-net of the same county, riding, division, shire, or stewartry, such number of them as shall be requisite, shall execute this0fthcadioin

Ie acting district.

Commissioners for general purposes to execute all matters with respect to the duties under all the Schedules, except such as are directed by special or other of.

Commissionera for special purposes.

Treasury to appoint assistant-commissioners.

Functions of special of:

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65., [1806.

act and the powers hereby vested in of for genera purposes as aforesaid, in and for such first mentioned district.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the commissioner for general purposes, as aforesaid, shall execute this actmal matters and things relatirrg to the duties in Schedules maAef (A*) and (B.) of the said act, except such allowances m respeji thereof as are directed to be made in Number VI. of Schedule(Ai by other of for special* purposes as herein after mril tioned, and also all matters and things relating to the duties! Schedule (D.) of the said act, except such matters and things! are directed to done by the additional of or persca acting as such; and the said of for general purpose shall also execute this act in all matters tfftd things relating to tfc duties in Schedule (E.) not executed by the of $ thorised to be appointed for those duties: provided always, djl nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude my p$ son chosen a commissioner for general purposes, from acting j such, by reason of his acting or having acted as an additional commissioner, except only in the hearing and determining appei against*or relating to such particular assessments, wherein! shall have made an assessment as such additional commisskmdf

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the of I the affairs of taxes for the time being, together with the pefliq appointed assistant-commissioners under the authority of theijf act passed in the forty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign; ff such other persons as shall be appointed assistant-commission! for special purposes as herein after mentioned, shall be com;sioners for the special purposes of this act; and it shall be la for his Majesty, his heirs or successors, under the roytl manual, or the lord high treasurer, or the of of Majesty's treasury or any three or more of them, for the tit being, ty warrant under his or their hand and seal or hands A seals, from time to time to appoint such and so many other peri* to be assistant-commissioners for such special purposes, as he* they respectively shall think expedient; which said commissi* ers for the affairs of taxes and assistant-commissioners, or anyttj or more of them, without other qualification being required tin the possession of their respective offices, shall have full authori to execute the several powers given by this act to commission*.for special purposes, either in relation to the allowances specift in Number VI. Schedule (A.) of this act, or in relation to d special exemptions granted from the duties mentioned j Schedule (C.) of this act, % or to the charging and assessing d profits arising from annuities, dividends, and shares of anmiiri paid in Great Britain out of the publitk revenues of Ireland^ ( any foreign state as and with the exception herein mentioned, and also in relation to the examining, auditing, cheeking, as clearing the books and accounts of dividends delivered to a* if tpector, under the authority of this act 5 and also shall fcsre.fii authority td do any other act, mattery or thing-hereby directed

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 6/5. 174

required to be done by of for special purposes appointed as aforesaid of to be appointed under this act; and all powers, provisions, clauses, matters, and things contained in this 3ft, for ascertaining the amount of any duty, exemption, or allowance mentioned in this act, shall be used, practised, and put in execution by the of so appointed or to be appointed,

\ in ascertaining the amount of duty, or any exemption or allow-[ ar.ee placed under the cognizance or jurisdiction of the said com-, nassioners so appointed or to be appointed; and in all cases where May grant any exemptions from the duties in* Schedule (C.) granted by the exemptions uid recited acts, shall not have been claimed before the passing ^rs under of this act, it shall be lawful for the said special of Schedule(C.):

Pto enquire into and allow such exemptions, under the like powers k 2nd in like manner as they are authorised to enquire into and [ allow any exemptions or claims to be made in respect of the said l duties wViich shall accrue after the passing of this act 5 and also May charge P in all cases where the commissioners for general purposes in their the duty on

[respective districts shall not have proceeded to assess the duties Schedule (C.) contained in Schedule (C.) for any year prior to the passing of !mel this act, notwithstanding that returns of the amount thereof may'hare been made to them, the said of for special purposes shall have authority to examine such returns, and to assess the respective parties making such returns, and also all persons who shall have neglected to make such returns, by virtue of this act, f with such powers and under such provisions as the of 1 for general purposes might have used and exercised under the said recited acts or this act: provided always, that it shall not be Not to alter lawful for the said of so appointed or to be appointed, assessments*to alter any assessments made by of in their respect raac*e

tire districts, or any exemption, abatement, or allowance, which, they might lawfully grant, or any certificate thereof; nor for the said of so appointed or to be appointed, to summon any person to be examined before them; but all inquiries by or Their pro-before the of so appointed or to be appointed, shall ^ce^vt<^ be answered by affidavit, to be taken before one or more of the ^thout^exa-commissioners for general purposes in their respective districts, mination. which such commissioner or of is and are hereby authorised to take on oath of affirmation on unstamped paper, and no such affidavit shall be liable to any stamp duty whatever; and such of for special purposes aforesaid shall have authority to use, exercise, and apply all the powers of this act as effectually as any other of are hereby authorised to use, exercise, or apply the same, so far as the same powers relate to the jurisdiction given to such of; and the said assistant-commissioners shall and may be allowed such salary for their pains and trouble, and such incidental expences, as the said lords of now or for the time being or the said lord high treasurer shall direct to be paid to them; and if die Clerks, to di* clerks to the respective of who shall have failed to k'^rctunis assess the said duties contained in Schedule (C.) notwithstanding ma L to em* such returns may Have been made to them as afetesaid, of any df

ijz Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 6$; [1806.

them, shall refuse or neglect upon demand made by any inspector herein after mentioned acting under the authority of the said of for special purposes, to deliver the returns made to the said respective of for general purposes, in their Custody or power, or the custody or power of any of diem, orrf the respective of Under whom such clerks act# dr copies of such returns, or of such parts thereof as relate to the* Said duties, or abstracts from the same, containing the names ants places of abode of the respective parries making such return^ and the several amounts of dividends returned under their proper descriptions, within a reasonable time after such demand made, every such clerk so offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

Appoint-

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tha swritont-com- w^cnever the number of assistant-commissioners to be appoint*!* missioners as aforesaid with a salary shall exceed three, the lords commit with salaries sioners of the treasury shall cause an account of such appoints to be laid ments and amounts of salaries to be laid before each house of ment* "* parliament, within twenty days after such appointment, if parliament shall then be sitting, and if parliament shall not be sitting^ then within twenty days after the meeting of the next parliament.* Th*

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the governor airs

c^any&c. directors of the company of the bank of England in respect of thfl^ to be charged' annuities payable to the said company at the receipt Of by their di- chequer, commonly called Bank stock; the directors of the Umte<r rectors for Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, rtt1 rate^ac^ f*P*ct of the annuities payable to the said company at the

receipt, commonly called East India stock; and the governors amf* directors of the company of merchants trading to the South Scoff' in respect of annuities payable to the said company at the sakff*receipt, commonly called South-sea stock, or any* three or more of them respectively, shall respectively be of for the general purposes of this act, so far as respects the duty on such annuities, and the profits attached to the same and divided amongst the several proprietors, and shall respectively have ap thority as such of to exercise all the powers of this act in relation to the duty to be charged on such annuities and profits attached to the same; but nevertheless, separate and distinct from the amount of any other annual profits and gains is respect of the trade and commerce or business of such companies respectively over and above such dividends and profits attached thereto and divided as aforesaid > and such of shall have authority to use, exercise, and apply all the powers of this act as effectually as any other of are hereby authorised to use, exercise, or apply the same, so far as the same relate to the said last mentioned auties; which assessments shall be made under and subject to the rules, regulations, and exempt "Dhecfingwho tions, contained in Schedule (C.) of this act. shall becOm-

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the same pet&mi iriresioners far Respectively who shall act as of as last aforesaid, for durie^on Bank stock andfiouth-aea stock*1 shall also be of under

dividend* k - by UcV the

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 17j

the regulations of this act, and under the Hke powers as aforesaid, for the purposes of assessing and charging the duties hereby made payable on all annuities, dividends, and shares of annuities payable out of the revenue of Great Britain, to any person or persons, corporations, or companies whatever, and which shall bare been entrusted- to the said respective companies of the bank of England, and South Sea for such payment, which assess* meats shall be made under and subject to the rules, regulations, and exemptions, contained in Schedule (C.) of this act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the same persons

vho shall act as of as aforesaid, in respect of the ers shall also annuities payable to the company of the bank of England, assess the commonly called Bank stock, snail as such of for for tb*ir general purposes also* have like authority to assess the said sSed^le company for and in respect of all and every the profit* of the '*'

said company chargeable by this act, under the rules of Schedule (D.) making such deductions thereout, and no other, as by this act is allowed, and no other of shall interfere in the* assessments of profits belonging to the said company.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the same persons Appointing who shall act as of as aforesaid in respect of the an- commission-miities payable out of the revenue of Great Britain at the bank

A England, shall also be of under the regulation^ of so^ign divi-

tins act, and with the like powers as aforesaid for the purposes* dends payable

of assessing and charging the duties hereby granted and payable at the Bank*

on all dividends and shares of annuities payable out of the

icrenue of Ireland, or of any foreign state, or of any colony or*

settlement belonging to the crown of the United Kingdom which shall have been entrusted to the said governor and company for

payment to any persons, corporations, or companies nr Great Britain, which assessments shall be made under and subject tQ

the rules, regulations, ' and exemptions, contained in Schedule (C.)

of this act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the persons ap- Appointing pointed as aforesaid or to be appointed of for special commission, purposes under the authority of this act, -fihaUbe of ers for charg under the regulations of this act, and with the like powers as

aforesaid for the purpose of assessing and charging the duties Vl*

hereby made payable on all dividends and shares of annuities payable out of the revenue of Ireland, or of any foreign state, to any person or persons', corporations, companies, or societies in Great Britain, which shall have been or shall be entrusted for mch payment to any person or persons, corporations, companies, or societies whatever in Great Britain, other than and except the* governor and company of the bank of England as aforesaid, which assessments shall be made under and subject to the rules, regulations, and exemptions* contained in Schedule (C.) of this act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in respect of the commission, duties hereby granted on annuities payable at the Exchequer, ers for exehe. commonly called Exchequer Annuities, whether for lives or years, annul, or depending1 qn survivorship, the same of whp shall tie*

act

V74

ComttMftionn ers for the dutte* oo officer in the publick departments to be.appointed by the principal officers belonging thereto.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c.

[1806.

act in- relation to- pensions! payable b, y bi*, Majesty at tbs said Exchequer, ad herein after- mentioned, stall also be of for charging the several sums made payable. on such exchequer, annuities, and shall have authority to exercise all and every tfee powers of this act in like manner as is hereinbefore directed with regard to stock (rfthe^&ank, South-Sea, and East-Indi* companies respectively.

XXXIX. Andfar ilte orderings raisings levying) and paying eftbc said sums of money for Ay mod* payable onom&sjwd employments if profit* be it further epactec^, That the lord /ugh-dianoellor, judges, and all and every die principal ptBcer or pincers of each court oc publick department of office under his Majesty throughout Great Britain, whether the; same shall be, civil, judicial, or criminal, ecclesiastical or commis^mate, military or naval, shall have ae-i. thority to appoint commisbiwers from a4 amongst the office^ofc each courtoi> department, ot office respectively, and the persona s4appginted.pr; any three pr more of them, not in any case eir oeeding seven* shall be of ior executing this, act as aforesaid and the powers therein contained in^ relation to the offices in sack wh dcnirg^r, department respectively: provided ^always, that in relation.ttheach deparU)aent, of xjffice, not.bciilg oner of We Majesty's courts, civil, judiidaly ec'criminal, or at "Ecclesiastical or commi&sariate cotirt, the lbrd&.ct>xximis^oimLa( his Majesty's treasury-far Engbnd^W'dksy\ and? &brmnd&am Zi*xed, pnA the barons.-of, the cwrt sf exchdquec iii Scodm*k slUdl, i whenever they think it espedierit, settle and detetiq&iot m, wha)C particular departments cominissioiw^.shalhnot hfr.ajx phintedv: ad v> siseh caad shall settle and determine in wm otllerslepartment>of office, the officers of xhafcdeparttnent yrifetfeuh of sfalinot be appointed shall be^ssesaed; andraha wheueyfcrtkere shall be any default in the.officecs Cf aity depart! gacfltvior in any court aforesaid, in appointingawmissionen, the said of of the treasury and barons of the oxche

Juer respectively, shall, within the time therein limited, appoint t.and proper persons, as directed by this act, to be commissioners forexecuring this, act in the several courts or depart* meats ofroffices aforesaid for which they shall be appointed, from and amongst the officers in the several departments respectively, uniting for the purposes of< this act, in cases requiring the same, two or mord offices under the same! corn-} imssioners, but nevertheless with distinct officers from each office so united for assessing and collecting the Same* as directed by this act; and where any dispute shall, arise touching the department mwhich any office is executed, the said lords cam* a&iss&oners of the treasury and barons of the court of exchojM respectively as, aforesaid, shall determine the same: provided also, that Wherfc the of of one department she! eadactrte this act in relation to any other department, the aasenors and collectors for such other department shall be appointed few the officers of such other department, with all thfe power* tad privileges appertaining to such appointments provided als^tbt j -

where

m

iWJ Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.

vim no appointment shall be ma^ of of before ife expiration of the rime limited by this act, the of (or executing this act in relation to the Juries an lands and tenements shall, in their several districts, also, execute this act k relation to the said duties on offices and employments, of pro-exercised wi; hiii the same districts respectively*-.and the )intment of such of shall be nprifieth to the inissioners for the affairs of taxes, in, England, and to the tons of the court of exchequer in Scotland t and the want of L nodfication in due timjs sh^ll be, deemed foil proof of the: of such appointment.

[^XL. And it further enacted, Tha$ the speaker, and the Appointment jficcipaj clerk of "either house of parliament, the principal or of commiaer officers in tie several counties palatine, and the duchy of ^rg8 wall, or in any ^clesiasiucsfl <?om*, pr in any inferior court h0UC8?8 of par.

1 justice, whether of law or equity or criminal or justiciary, liament,

Sunder any ecclesiastical body or corporation, whether aggre- counties pa- or sole, throughout Great Britain, shall appoint commis-^d*01" srsfirom and amongst die persons executing ^offices, in either under'eccle-je of parliament, of in their} respective departments of office; statstical e persons so appointed, or any three or more of them, bodies, any case exceeding se^en, sh^lfjje of so ng this act, and the powers therein containedr in relation [jaces> offices, and employ men ts.ofxproiSLt, in each house of lejit, an, d in each such depajfcipe^.respectively, which tments shall be made, and tnerjnamespf the commissioned e transmitted to the office for: 't$xe$: fn.England Qr. tq the Stt.of the court of exchequer, jnj Scotland respectively^ withift time herein limited: provided;: fhat wbtfre. ito such

rimjpjent shall rbe made of such l^st, ip*rv*ioi|$d rCAnutliaston- % before the expiration of the timqi limited by this act, the ammissioners for executing this a^t, in relation to the duties on bids and tenements, shall, in tjieir several districts, on due lotice of such default in the manner herein directed, also exr cute this act in relation to the duties on such offices or employ-nents of profit exercised within the same districts.respectively.

XLL An<f be it further enacted, That the mayor, aldermen, Commission-: common council, or the bailiffs.and capital burgesses, or the esjor raising xincipal officers or members, by whatever name they shall be offiCesnot'Q^} died, of every corporate city, borough, town, or place, and of belonging to' ?ery cinque port throughout Great Britain, or any three or any public^'noreof them not in any case exceeding seven, shall commis- departments uoners for executing this act and the powers therein contained, ' i, f

n relation to the publick offices or employments of profit in such

incorporation, and cinque port, an, d in every guild, fraternity,

: ipany, or society, whether corporate or not corporate within.: h city, corporation, ox cinque port; and that for all offices or r ployments of profit (not being publick offices or employments of profit under his Majesty) in any county, riding, shire1, stewartry, ty, liberty, franchise, town, orplace, whether in the appointment <d the lieutenant, custos rotulorum, or the justices or magistrates,

1/6

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. cr 65! [1806.

or of for aids or taxefc, or sheriff of etteh (xtofti, riding, shire, stewartry, city, liberty, franchise, town 6r place, at of iny trustees or guardians'of any trust or fund in: such <$ikf riding, shire, stewartry, city, town Or place, 2nd for airparochial offices in such county, riding, shire, stewarti^f^tyj^own, or pbce, (except carporate-bffiees in cities, corporate tOwn$j^jgrough*, or places} or offices in cinque ports as aforesaid) the commissioners for executing this act in fetation to the duties on lands and tenements, snail, in their several districts, also execute this act in relation so the said dUttei on offices in such county, riding, shire, stewartry, city, liberty, franchise, town, or place, and such respective of shall and may exercise any of the powers contained in this act in relation to any of the dutiei herein mentioned, for cabling due returns to be made from the respective officers within* their respective jurisdictions, and foe compelling the 'assessors^to make their certificates of assessment, and returning the same, and for the due collection of and accounting fot the said duties, and may ict therein, in all respects,

as fully and effectually as iny other of are hereby

Period of appointment of of 18 tO

empowered to act in relation to1 the said Other duties; provide* the monies collected of the sard duties under the respectiWl of acting for such offices in corporate cities, boroughs, towns, or placed aforesaid, of In the cinque ports, or in the sevem counties', ridings, divisions, -shirts, stewartries, cities, liberties franchises, towns, aftd places, shall be paid to the receiver- general of the County* ridtrig* shire, of stewartry, and not other- w&e^knd % hat the-tike- duplicates $Jiall be* delivered of sudv brat-mentioned duties as in: other cases where the game art directed to be paid in like Ynianner. 1

i Xi^Hv And be it furthe^ enacted, That the appointment rf Commissioners for ekeedtittg this act, in relation to the duties on offices*and employments*of profit as aforesaid in England,

be notified to snail respectively !be notified to the commissioners for tW the tax-office, affairs of taxes, Within one* calendar month after the passing of In default of djia act, with fesfiect to % the first assessment under the satt. Son tfieap^ an^ within Ohe'Calendat month sifter the fifth day of April in pointment of any future year, and Jin default thereof the appointment of commission- 9uCh commtasioners shalf devolve oh thelprds of of cra^P devolve his Majesty's treasury, and of the commissioners of the <& sury the" itrict* in succession as aforesaid; provided always, that such commission- appointment by the of of the treasury shall take ert of the dits. place* within one calendar month after, the notification of such tricttK^Xe" default ^8 aforesaid from Ae of for die affairs of cute the act. arid* in case of no'appointment as last aforesaid; to bfc

notified ih llkeupanner, the execution of this act shall derohe on the of befmfc Tnenribhed appointed 'for1 the district -in fetation tb the duties tih latidd/ tenements, and here-ditamnts; provided also, that such appointments by the barons of the exchequer: in Scotland, shall take plice' m ifey case of such default as aforesaid from ttid spate of one italarfar mouth after the respective periods before limited; 7 and \ca#

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 177

bo such appointment shall be made by the said barons within one calendar month after such default, then the execution of dris act shall devolve on the of before mentioned appointed for the district in relation to the duties on lands, tenements, or hereditaments.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That such appointment Duration of shall be until other of shall be appointed, andtht? appoint* which appointments may be renewed annually on or before the ment8* fifth day of April in each year during the continuance of this 9ct: provided always, that the of already appointeders^ointlil under the said recited act, or to be appointed under this act, may continue nay continue to act from jear to year, so long as they are to act. respectively willing to act, without any new appointment, unless k shall be deemed expedient, under the powers of this act, fat any department for which of have been appointed should be assessed under the of of any other department.

XUT. And be it further enacted, That for the better execu- Commissionson of this act, sq far as the same relates to the duties hereby rai8iri (ranted on pensions or stipends payable by his Majesty, tebed in Schedule (E.) and for the ordering, raising, levying,

Vri paying of the several sums of money hereby made payable* (kreoo, the principal officers in the receipt of his Majesty's (schequer in England, and the remembrancer, auditor, receivers, ted clerks of the pipe in the exchequer in Scotland or their Bpecdve deputies, shall be Commissioners for executing this Kt, and all the powers herein contained, in relation to the said tat mentioned duties, or shall respectively appoint commis-ibners from and amongst the officers of those departments for bch purposes.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every person acting as Commission-; commissioner as aforesaid in the execution or this act, shall on ers entitled to quest be entitled unto a certificate thereof under the hands of c^schc*8* wo or more of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, which Senificate shall continue in force so long as such person shall o&tinae'to act as such commissioner, but the same shall be ad is hereby revoked on such person ceasing to act as such commissioner; and such certificate shall be revocable by the commissioners for the time being of his Majesty's treasury, r&en it shall appear to them that such person hath neglected

0 perform his duty as such commissioner, by any instrument

1 writing under their hands or the hands of any three or more I them; and the person to whom such certificate hath been panted shall, during the continuance of this act, or until re-ocatkm thereof as aforesaid, be discharged of and from all ad all manner of parish and ward-offices within the parish or

raid wherein such person dwelleth, and from serving on juries*'

a the pbunty wherein such person dwelleth, which said cer-rficafe shall be enrolled by the clerk of the peace of the county f dty m which the same shall be granted, for which enroll-

Dent the said clerk of the peace shall have for his fee the sum

r78

Commissioners to appoint assessors and collectors*

Commissioners under the act to charge duties for former years.

Inspectors and surveyors of houses and windows to act in the execution of this act*

They and all other officers to have the like powers as under the assessed taxes*

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

of one shilling and no more; and the said clerk of the peace shall cause every certificate revoked in manner aforesaid to be taken off the roll on notice thereof to be given to him by the commissioners for the affairs of taxes.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said of for general purposes as aforesaid, may appoint assessors and collectors for such of the said several duties as shall be assessed by the said of respectively, in like manner as assessors and collectors may be appointed under the said recited acts respectively; and where they shall appoint the same persons to be assessors and collectors of the said duties as shall have been appointed to execute the said recited actsrespectively, they shall cause notice to be given to them that they are^ also appointed assessors or collectors of the said duties so assessed.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several and respective of acting in the execution of this act, for the time being, or any two or more of them respectively, and they are hereby required, to cause the said several and respective duties granted by the said recited acts* which at any time after the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, shall not have been charged within the

Jear for which the said duties ought to be charged, or which aving been charged shall then be in arrear and unsatisfied, to be charged, raised, assessed, re-assessed, levied, ascertained, collected; and accounted for as fully and effectually as any of appointed1 by the said recited acts might have done in that behalf, and as if the said duties had severally accrued or been charged after the passing of this actj and the said assessors apd collectors and others acting in the execution of this act under the said respective of, and the several receivers and other officers appointed or to be appointed under the authority of the said acts and acting under this act, shall respective^ assess, re-assess, levy, receive, and answer the said several duties and arrears of duties by the same ways and means, and in the same manner, and under the like penalties as are direc-te^or appointed by this act with respect to the duties to a: ,: rue ihd to be charged after the passing of this act*, and the monies so received by the said collectors or others for any such duties or arrears, shall be paid and accounted for in like manner.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the inspectors apd surveyors appointed or to be appointed for the duties on houses and windows and other taxes charged by assessment, shall be inspectors and surveyors of the aforesaid several duties; and the said respective of for general purposes as aforesaid, or any two or more of them, and the said respective additional of acting in the execution of this act, or any two or moire of them, and the said assessors and collectors to be appointed as herein mentioned, and the said inspectors and surveyors, shall and they are hereby respectively empowered and required, to do all things necessary for putting this act in execution with relation to the said several duties, in the like and in

79

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.

as full and ample a manner as any of, assessors, collectors, surveyors, or inspectors, or any of them, are or is authorised to put in execution the said recited acts, or any matters or things therein contained, as well with respect to all acts, matters, and things to be done by, under, or before the said respective additional of, or by, under, or before the respective of for general purposes as aforesaid in their respective districts or departments, as by, under, and before the of hereby authorised to be appointed for special purposes as herein after mentioned.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed Commissioner to be appointed a commissioner or additional commissioner ers and others rr n A, -to take the

or an assessor, collector, inspector, or surveyor in the execution of oath8 jn

the powers of this act, and every person to be appointed a clerk Schedule (F.) or clerk's assistant to the said respective of, before he shall begin to act therein, so far as the same relates to the duties contained in Schedule (D.), shall take the oath and oaths, or being of the people called Quakers, the solemn affirmation or affirmations, prescribed by this act, and contauied in the Schedule marked (F.) hereunto annexed, applicable to such officers respectively, which oath or oaths, or affirmation or affirmations, any one of the persons appointed a commissioner, tuhei for general purposes as aforesaid, or an additional commissioner, is hereby authorised to administer (except that every such oath or affirmation so to be administered to any commissioner for general purposes as aforesaid, or to an additional commissioner, shall be administered by a commissioner for such general purposes, and not otherwise) and which oath or affirmation so taken, shall be subscribed by the party taking the tame; and if any person shall act as a commissioner in rela- tion to the duties in Schedule (D.) except in administering the oath or oaths, or affirmation or affirmations herein mentioned, or as a clerk, or clerk's assistant, or an assessor, collector, inspector, or surveyor, before he shall have taken the oath or oaths, or affirmation or affirmations herein required to be taken by such officers respectively, he shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds; provided, that the appoint-Clerk and ment of a clerk, and any assistant or assistants to such clerk, clerk assistant

whenever the sTime shall be necessary, shall be vested in the to act }in.der

r 1 1111 1 commission-

comrmssioners for general purposes, and such clerks and assist- ers>

mts shall act such as well in all matters and things to be done by, under, and before the respective of for general purposes, as by, under, and before the respective additional of in the respective districts; provided, that no more than one clerk assistant shall be appointed for any district without the approbation of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes on a statement made to them by the commissioners for general purposes, stating the necessity thereof in consideration of the extent or population of the district; and if any clerk or clerk's assistant appointed under the authority of this act, who shall have taken the oath required by

Temporary residents to be charged

180 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65^ (ifco6.

this act, shall wilfully obstruct or delay the execution of this act, or shall negligently conduct or wilfully misconduct Mm-self in the execution of this act, every such clerk or cleik'i assistant shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and, shall be dismissed from the said office, and be rendered in-

capable of again acting as clerk or clerk's assistant in tKe execution of this act or any other act for granting duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes. Temporary L. And be it further enacted, That any subject of his Majesty absentees to whose ordinary residence shall have been in Great Britain,

residentsT* w ^ave ^ePartec^ from Great Britain and gone into any parts beyond the seas, for the purpose only of occasional residence, at the time of the execution of this act, shall be deemed notwithstanding such temporary absence, a person chargeable to the duties mentioned in this act, as a person actually residing in Great Britain, and shall be assessed and charged according {in manner herein after directed) upon the whole amount of nil or her profits or gains, whether the same shall aris$ from property in Great Britain ot elsewhere, or from any allowance, annuities, or Stipends, (except as herein is excepted) or from any profession, employment, trade, or vocation in Great Britmtf or elsewhere.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ud person who shall on or after the passing of this act, actually be ^er^monthsn Great Britain for some temporary purpose only, and not frith residence. any view or intent of establishing his or her residence therein, and who shall not actually have resided in Great Britain for the period of six successive calendar months, shall be charged with the said duties mentioned to be charged in Schedule (X).) as a person residing in Great Britain, in respect of the profits or gains received froqn or out of any possessions in Ireland, or any other of his Majesty's dominions, or any foreign possessions, or from securities in Ireland, or any other of his Majesty's dominions or foreign securities, but nevertheless every such person shall after such six months residence therein be chargeable for the same from the commencement of the year, in case uch person shall have been then resident in Great Britain, or if not so resident, then from the period of his or her having come into Great Britain.

LII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any person who shall depart from Great Britain after claiming such mptions^d exemption, and shall again return to Great Britain before the returning fifth day of April next after such claim made, shall be charge* able to gajc| duties gs a person residing in Great Britain, for the whole of the year in which such claim shall have bees made.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all bodies politide, corporate, or collegiate, companies, fraternities, fellowships, or so-chained with cities of persons whether corporate or not corporate, shall be chargeable with such and the like duties as any person orper-

sons will under and her virtue of this act be chargeable with,

byVj OO^ LC Slid

Persons departing after claimingex-

within the year to be charged.

Corporation officers to be

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 181

and that the chamberlain or other officer acting as treasurer, auditor, or receiver for the time being of every such corporation, company, fraternity, fellowship, or society, shall be answerable for doing all such acts, matters, and things as shall be required to be done by virtue of this act, in order to the assessing such bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, fellowships, or societies, to the duties granted by this act, and paying the same.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the trustee or trustees, Trustees, guardian or guardians, tutor or tutors, curator or curators, com- guardians, mittee or committees, of any person or persons being infants or Earned women, lunaticks, idiots, or insane, and having the direction, controul, or management of the property or concern of such infants, married women, lunaticks, idiots, or insane persons, whether such infants, married women, lunaticks, idiots, or insane persons, shall reside in Great Britain or not, shall be chargeable to the said duties in like manner as, and to the same amount as would be charged if such infants were of full age, or such married women were sole, or such lunaticks, idiots, or insane persons, were capable to act for themselves; and any person or persons not resident in Great Britain, whether subjects of his Majesty or not, shall be chargeable in the name or names of such trustee or trustees, guardian or guardians, tutor or tutors, curator or curators, committee or committees, or of any agent or agents, or receiver or receivers, having the receipt of any profits or gains arising as Derein mentioned and belonging to such person or persons,

1 the like manner, and to the like amount, as would be charged if such persons were resident in Great Britain, and in the actual receipt thereof; and every such trustee, guardian, tutor, curator, ommittee, agent, or receiver, shall be answerable for the doing ill ^uch acts, matters, and things, as shall be required to be done by virtue of this act, in order to the assessing such persons to the duties granted by this act and paying xhe same.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the receiver or receivers Trust pro-ippointed by the court of chancery, or by any other court inpertyinthe Great Britain, having the direction and controul of any pro-tv in respect whereof a duty is charged as herein mentioned, CCr^e whether the title to such property shall be uncertain or not, or subject to any contingency or not, or be depending or be not ascertained by reason of any dispute or other cause, shall be chargeable to the said duties in like manner, and to the like amount, as would be charged if the said property was not under the direction and controul of such court, and the title thereto was certain, and not subject to any contingency whatever; and every such receiver shall be answerable for doing all such matters and things as shall be required to be done by virtue of /

act, in order to the assessing the duties granted by this act and paying the same.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That any married woman Married acting as a sole trader by the custom of any city or place or women* otherwise, or having or being entitled to any property or promts to her sole or separate use, shall be chargeable to such and v tlae

182 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

the like duties, and in like manner, except as "herein after is mentioned, as if she was actually sole and unmarried: provided

always, that the profits of any married woman living with her

husband shall be deemed the profits of the husband, and the same shall be charged in the name of the husband, and not in

her name, or of her trustee or trustees: provided also, that any

married woman living in Great Britain separate from her has*

band, whether such husband shall be temporarily absent from

her or from Great Britain, or otherwise, who shall receive any

allowance or remittance from property out of Great Britain,

shall be charged as a same scle> if entitled thereto in her own

right and as the agent of the husband if she receives the same

from or through him, or from his property or on his credit.

Trustees of

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no

persons.of full trustee who shall have authorised the receipt of the profits age, resident r^. 1 r.

in Great Bri- arising from trust property, by the person or persons entitled

tain, to deliver thereunto, or by his, her, or their respective agent or agents, and

names and which person or persons shall actually receive the same under

residences. such authority, noi; any agent or receiver of any person or persons being of full age, and resident in Great Britain (other

than married women, lunatics, idiots, and insane persons) who shall return a list in the manner herein after required of the

names and residences of such persons, shall be required to do

any other act fojFthe purpose of assessing such persons, unless

the of, acting in the execution of this act in respect of the assessment to be made on such persons, shall require the

testimony of such trustees, agents, or receivers, in pursuance of the directions herein after given.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any person,

being trustee, agent, or receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or com-

Trustees and officers of corporations

may retain the m'tteeJ of or any person or persons, shall be assessed as

duties.

Commissioners to summon assessors

herein after mentioned, in respect of such person or persons; or where any chamberlain, treasurer, or other officer of any corporation, company, fraternity, or society, shall be so assessed in respect of such corporation, company, fraternity, or society as aforesaid, then and in every such casedt shall be lawful for every person or persons who shall be so assessed, by and out of the money which shall come*to his or her hands as such trustee, agent, or receiver, guardian, tutor, committee, or curator as aforesaid, or as such chamberlain, treasurer, clerk, or other officer, to retain so much and such part thereof from time to time as shall be sufficient to pay such assessment; and every such trustee, agent, or receiver, guardian, tutor, committee, or; curator, chamberlain, treasurer, clerk, or other officer shall be and they are hereby respectively indemnified against all and every person and persons, corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies whatsoever, for all payments which they shall respectively make, in pursuance and by virtue of this act.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That'for the ordering, raising, and levying the said duties, the Prospective of for general purposes shall, at the first tfteting to be held under

[I by

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 183

this act, or at a meeting to be appointed for that purpose, or any

two of them present at such meeting, direct their precept or precepts to such person and persons as the said of

shall have appointed assessor or assessors for the execution of

this act; or in case no such appointment shall have been made,

then to the assessor or assessors for the land-tax, the duties on

houses and windows, or any other duties charged by assessment

in their respective districts, requiring them to appear before the said of at such time and place as they shall appoint j

ind shall at such their appearance administer to them the oath To administer

required to be taken by this act, and issue to them their warrants oathstothcm.

of appointments as assessors in the execution of this act, signed by two or more of them, and such instructions duly filled up, as shall be necessary for carrying this act into execution.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the assessors to be Assessors to unpointed to execute this act, shall, within the time and in the general inner directed by the precept of the commissioners for general church doors, purposes, cause general notices to be affixed on the door of the requiring church or chapel, and market-house or cross (if any) of the persons to: y, town, parish, or place, for which such assessors act $ and deliver lists, if such city, town, parish, or place shall not have a church or chapel, or market-house, or cross, then on the nearest church or chapel to such city, town, parish, or place, requiring all persons, who are by this act required to make out and deliver any list, declaration, or statement, to make out and deliver to the '

respective assessors or of, or to their clerk, at their respective offices to be described in such notice, and as therein directed, all such lists, declarations and statements accordingly, within such time as shall be limited by such precept, and which shall not in any case be later than twenty-one days from the date of such precept; and such general notices shall, when the nme shall be affixed as aforesaid, be deemed sufficient notice, to all persons resident in such city, town, parish, or place, and the affixing the same in manner aforesaid shall be deemed good ^rrice of such notice, and the said respective assessors shall cause the said notices to be from time to time replaced, if necessary, for the space of ten days before the time required for the delivery of such lists, declarations, and statements as aforesaid j and every person wilfully tearing, defacing, or obliterating any such notice so affixed, shall forfeit for every such offence any sum not exceeding twenty pounds.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Assessors to said assessors shall, within the like time after receiving the deliver notices precept of the of under this act, give notice to every person chargeable to the said duties in respect of any chvg^le, property or profits situate or arising within the limits of the who are to said places where such assessors shall act, or leave the same at deliver states his or her dwelling-house or place of residence, or on the mcn*8* premises to be charged by such assessment, within such limits, requiring every such person to prepare and deliver in manner herein after directed, all such lists, declarations, and statements

Lists and

statements, where to be delivered.

184 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65- [1806.

as they are respectively required to do by this act, within such time as shall be limited by such precept; and if any person residing within any parish or place at the time such i general notice as aforesaid shall be given, or to whom such notice shall be personally given, or at whose dwelling-house or place of residence the same shall be left; or if any person occupying any property or engaged in any concern within such limits, on whom such notice shall be served in manner aforesaid, or for whom such notice shall he left on the premises to bej charged as aforesaid, shall after notice thereof, refuse or neglect to make out such lists, declarations, or statements, as may b$ applicable to such person, and as the case may require, and deliver the same in manner herein after directed, within the time limited in such notice, then such of shall forthwith issue a summons under their hands, or the hands of any two or more of them, -to all such persons making default as aforesaid, in order that the penalty for' such refusal or neglect may be duly levied; and the said of shall moreover proceed to assess, or cause to be assessed, every person making such default in the manner herein directed.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That every such list, declaration, or statement of the profits, to be charged as aforesaid, shall be delivered to the assessor or assessors of the same parish or place* or one of them; except statements containing the: amount of profits to be charged under Schedule (D.) as afora^ said, in such cases where the of acting for such parish or place shall have caused to be insertedln the notice that an office is opened for the receipt of statements of profits, and a proper person appointed to receive the same, and the time and place of attendance; in which cases the delivery of such statements to be charged under Schedule (D.) shall be made at such office to the person there appointed and not elsewhere; and if any dispute shall arise whether any statement of profits hath been delivered into such office, no other proof thereof shall be admitted than the production of a receipt under the hand of the proper person to whom the same ought to have been delivered, and such person is hereby required to give such receipt accordingly gratis, and on unstamped paper.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That every person, when the^names8 reclu*rec* 80 to by any notice given in pursuance of this act, of lodgers^8 shall, within the period to be mentioned in such notice, prepare ' and deliver to the assessor or assessors of the parish or place where such person shall reside, a list in writing, containing, to the best of his or her belief, the proper name and names of every lodger or inmate resident in his, her, or their dwelling-house, and of other persons chiefly employed in his or their service whether resident in such dwelling-house or not, and the place of residence of such of shem as are not resident in such dwelling-house, and also of any such lodger or inmate who shall have any ordinary place of residence elsewhere at'which he or she is entitled, under the regulations of this act, to be assessed,

who

Persons to

inmates, and servants:

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.

rbo shall be desirous of being so assessed at such place of n&nary residence5 which lists shall be signed by the respective Bities delivering the same, and shall severally fee made out in mh form as shall be directed under the authority of this act.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Omission of Meson required by this act to deliver a list of lodgers, inmates, proonanot t other persons aforesaid, shall be liable to the penalties herein- [^ei/dwell-fter mentioned, or either of them, for any omission of the ing-houses, or tsme or residence of any person in his or her service or em- exempted fcyand not resident in his or her dwelling-house, if it shall froJ^dDty, not ppeartothe of for executing this act on enquiry Kore them, that such person is entitled to be exempted from be payment of all and every the duties granted as before ientioned.

IJtV. And be it further enacted, That every person who Persons act shall be in the receipt of any money or value, or the profits or ains arising from any of the sources mentioned in this act, of lUts, border r belonging to any other person or persons, in whatever to the duty bracter the same shall -be received, for which such other being duly erson or persons is or are chargeable under the regulations ch*rged. f this act, shall, within the like period, prepare and deliver in Bnner beffere directed, a list in writing in such form as aforesaid signed by him or her, containing the name and names, and bee or places of abode, of each and every person to whom any ich property shall belong, together with a declaration whether A person is of full age, or a married woman living with her ishand or resident in Great Britain, or an infant, idiot, lunatick,

: insane person, or a married woman /or whose payment of t duty hereby charged on her, the husband is not accountable rthis act, in order that such person, according to a statement to s delivered as herein mentioned, may be charged either in the one of the person delivering such list, if the same shall be so tsgeable, or in the name of the person or persons to, whom ich property shall belong, if of full age and resident in Great ritmn7 and the same be so chargeable by this act; and every anon acting in such character, jointly with any other person'persons, snail deliver a list of the name or names, and place

places of abode, of the person or persons joined with him or if at the time of delivering such list, and to the same persons

whom such list shall be delivered.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That every person charge- Statements to

under this act shall, when required so to do, whether by be delivered 1 ... 1 V f.J of the annual

ty general or particular notice given in pursuance of this act, ^ajuc Df pr0,

iriun the period to be mentioned in such notice as aforesaid, perty and

epaie and deliver to the person or persons appointed to receive amounts of

e same, and to whom the same ought to be delivered, a state- Profi*

ent or statements in writing, in such form as this act requires,

gned by him or her, containing the annual value of all lands

td tenements in his or her occupation, whether the same be

mate in one or more parish or parishes, and the amount of

te profits or gains arising to such person or persons respect

>Ogle lively.

186 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c 65. [1806.

tively, from all and every the sources charged as aforesaid, according to the respective Schedules herein mentioned, which amount shall be estimated for the period, and according to the respective rules contained in the respective Schedida of this act; to which statement or statements shall be added a declaration, that the same is or are estimated on all the sources contained in the said several Schedules describing' the sante, after setting against or deducting from such profit* or gains such sums and no other as are allowed by this act}, and every such statement shall be made exclusive of the profit* and gains accrued or accruing from interest of money, or othetf annual payment arising out of the property of any other person* Or persons, for which such othet person or persons ought to btf charged by virtue of this act.

Trustees of'LXVII. And be it further enacted, That every person wbf incapacitated shall act in any character as aforesaid for any other person cd persons to persons, who by reason of any such incapacity as aforesaid^ sUtements. cannot be charged by virtue of this act, shall also, within tba like period, deliver to the person or persons appointed to receb* the same under this act, and to whom the same ought to be livered, and in the same district in which such person or persons ought to be charged on his or their own account, a statement i4 writing signed by him, her, or them, and to be made in such fortfjs before directed, of the amount of the profits and gains to ty charged on him, her, or them, on account of such other perseif or persons, estimated during the period, and according to thb rules contained in the said respective Schedules, together with such declaration of the manner of estimating the same as aforesaid t provided always, that where two or more such persons shall be liable to be charged for the same person or persons^ one return only shall be required; and such return shall be made by them jointly, or by one or more of them on behalf of him, her, or themselves, and the rest of the persons so liaUe; and it shall be lawful for them, or any of them, to give notice in writing to the of acting in each district when they or any of them shall be called upon for such statement, in what parish or place, or parishes or places, they are respectively chargeable by this act on their, or his, or her own account, and in which of the said parishes or places they are desirous of being so charged on the behalf of such other person car persons for whom they so act in any of the characters before mentioned, and they shall be assessed accordingly by one assessment in such parish or place; provided any one of such persons shall be liable to be charged on his or her own account in such parish or place; and if more than one assessment shall be made on such persons or any of them on the same account, they and every of them shall be relieved from such double assessment by like applications to the of as are allowed in other cases by this act.

Officers of

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such officer to teSarged ^fore described of aij| fraternity, fellowship,

company,

187

coropanr, or society, shall also, within the like perjod, prepare for them, and deliver in like manner a statement of the profits and gains estimates to be charged on such body, corporation, fraternity, fellowship, made* bnpany, or society, computed according to the directions of wk act, together with such declaration of the manner of esti-Msdng the same as aforesaid; and such estimate shall be made ^the amount of the annual profits and gains of such body, corporation, fraternity, fellowship, company, or society, before L f dividend shall have been made thereof to any other person persons, corporations or companies, having any share, right, title, in or to such profits or gains; and all such other per-or persons, and corporations or companies shall allow out such dividends a proportionate deduction in respect of the y so charged; provided that nothing hereinbefore contained all be construed to require in such statement the inclusion of lanes, wages, or profits of any officer of such corporation, fctemity, fellowship, company, or society, otherwise charge-k under this act: provided also, that the statements of the Sreral companies of the East India and South Sea shall be made idusive of the dividends and the profits attached thereto, and (be divided amongst the proprietors of the respective stocks longing to such companies; but the statement of the East ia company, shall include the interest payable on any bonds toted by the said company, which shall become due after t thirtieth day of September one thousand eight hundred t six.

UK. And be it further enacted, That if any person who Penalty on ^kby this act to deliver any list, declaration, or statement, as persons nev-aresaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do within the time limited t such notice, or under any pretence shall wilfully delay the hvcr m 8 fivery thereof, and if information thereof shall be given and leproceedings thereupon shall be had before the of ding in the execution of this act, every such person shall Penalty and srfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, and double duty table the duty at which such persons ought to be charged by Sons^before ntue of this act, such penalty to be recovered as any penalty commission* teamed in this act is by law recoverable, and the increased er8#

Kv to be added to the assessment; but nevertheless subject to pen stay of prosecution or other proceedings, by a subsequent tevery of such list, declaration, or statement in the case fol-; videlicet, if any trustee, agent, or receiver, or other hereby required to deliver such list, declaration, or ent, on behalf of any other person or person^, shall'

_____an imperfect list, declaration, or statement, declaring

lb, or herself unable to give a more perfect list, declaration, tr statement, >dth the reasons for such inability, and the said commissioners shall be satisfied therewith, the said trustee,

E, or receiver, or other person as aforesaid, shall not be to such penalty in case the of shall grant father time for the delivery thereof; and such trustee, agent,

Keener; or other person, shall, within thedfmie so granted;

d deliver

courts.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

deliver a list) declaration, or schedule, as perfect as the: Penalty on of the case will enable him or her to prepare and delivers

h'son^ation in every person who shall be prosecuted for such offence bj_

or information in any of his Majesty's courts, and who malLi have been assessed in double the duty as 'aforesaid, shall, every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds*

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tbs person to or on whom the assessor or assessors shall hav$, delivered or served a particular notice as aforesaid, shall liable to the penalties before mentioned, or either of them^j not delivering such statement as before required, if it appear to the commissioners for executing this act, on ir before them or any two or more of them, that such pen entitled to be exempted from the payment of all and every,) duties granted as before mentioned.

LXXL. And be it further enacted, That the said asse assessors shall make out an alphabetical list, and deliver\ same to the inspector or surveyor of the district, conta

In what cases not liable to penalty.

Assessors to make out a list of the

whom notices names of all persons to or on whom ouch notices have

shall have been served.

delivered or served in pursuance of this act, and the all persons having property or profits chargeable under within the limits of such assesspr or assessors, distingue the persons who have duly made their returns, and the who have omitted to make such returns, and also the Who shall have been returned as lodgers or inmates withm; limits, or as chargeable within such limits, but having a dence out of the limits of such assessor or assessors, and if assessor or assessors shall have neglected to give notice person to whom the same ought to be delivered, the 2 spector or surveyor may at any time afterwards cause notices to be delivered to or served on such personsN by assessors respectively, and may also from time to time caul like notices to he delivered to or served on any peraoffci persons coming to reside in any parish or place after the ration of such notices.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the assessors, one of them, for every parish or place, shall personally apj uvjuwcv, uiu before the said of at their first meeting, or of theaffixing other meetings as such assessors shall be appointed to ai of general and shall then and there make oath or solemn affirmation 1

Assessors to verify the^ delivery of notices, and

notices.

them, that the several notices required to be delivered to hou holder# and occupiers, and also to lodgers and inmates by.! act^ have been duly served in the manner required there!r-- the best of His or ttieir knowledge, and that general not" the effect mentioned in this act have been duly affixed manner required by this act, on such proper places witt cky, town, or place, for which such assessor shall act, a this act is required > and that the list delivered by him total inspector or surveyor contains (he name of every person toM on whom such notices ou^ht to be delivered or served; ing to the directions of this act, Within the knowledge

*. niniti-7Q/H h\/ VY"

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 189

msm: and every assessor who shall neglect to appear beforeh of, and to make such oath or affirmation, or the shall not hare returned to such inspector or surveyor the toe or names of any person or persons whose name ought to included in any such list as by this act is required, shall feit for every such offence any sum not exceeding twenty

1XXQI. And be it further enacted, That the clerks to the

trespective of shall, with all convenient speed, erks of* act the returns of statements delivered to such commis- returns of rs by the assessors, or at their office by the respective statements deities, into books to be provided for that purpose, and accord- jjy*red to ad"

[ to such forms as shall be transmitted to them from the office miidonera!^ taxes, such abstracts to contain the names of persons making eh returns, arranged alphabetically according to the wards,

takes, and places in which they shall reside, and the several ! 1

punts of profits returned by them respectively, to be laid ore and delivered to the said of; and all such ttns shall be numbered and filed in the office of the said 1

unhsioners, and carefully kept so long as the accounts of the (duties for such district, or any part thereof, shall remain odd to his Majesty; to all which book and books* any in-Inspectors for or surveyor who shall have taken the oath herein roay Kribed before the of acting for the same di- tokTcopiU its respectively, shall have free access at all seasonable times, from books shall take such copies thereof, or of such parts thereof, or containing bets from the same, as he shall deem necessary in order to due execution of this act, 8 ra

iXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the duties hereby Recited feted, including the duties contained in the Schedule marked ^ddiUona?

) as herein recited, and the said additional duties, shall be duties in Schemed and charged in one sum, under the following rules, dule (A.) and i&Tules shall be deemed and construed to be a pan of this rule*, deemed t and to refer to the said duties as if the same had beenP^0^ lerted under a special enactment.

Schedule (A.)

No. I.  General Rule for estimating Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, mentioned in Schedule (A.) of the said recited Act.

it annual value of lands, tenements, hereditament?, or heritages, Annual value rdurged under Schedule {A.) shall be understood to be the wm by the year at which the same are let at rack-rent, if except 'tikatooant of such rent shall have been fixed by agreement, as after stated, Noemenring within the period of seven years preceding the HKth day of April next before the time of making the assess-^fact; but if the same are not so let atrrack-rent, then at 'ike rack-rent at which the same are worth to be let by the Jen; which rule shall be construed to extend to all lands, tjsentt, and hereditaments, or heritages* capable of actual

by>J OCCUpatioiL J

occupation of whatever nature, and for whatever purpose occupied or enjoyed, and of whatever value except the properties mentioned in No. II. and No. III. of this Schedule.

No. II.  Rules for estimating the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages herein mentioned, which are not to be charged according to the preceding -

Rule.

Certain properties charged on the profits.

Tythe8 in kind.

Ecclesiastical

Dues.

Tythes compounded.

Manors.

Fines.

Other profits from lands.

The annual value of all the properties herein after descril shalH>e understood to be. the full amount for one year, the average amount for one year of the profits recei1 - therefrom, within the respective times herein limited:

First.  Of all tythes belonging to any lay impropriator, if ta ea in kind, on an average of three preceding years:

Second.  Of all dues, and money payments in lieu of aaj.lythes (not being tythes arising from lands) belonging to aaj lay impropriator on the like average:

Third.  Of all tythes (arising from lands) if compounded faj and of all rents and other money payments in lieu of tythq (arising from lands, belonging to any lay impropriator aforesaid) on the amount of such composition, rent, or payment for one year preceding:

The said duty in each case to be charged on the lay iizfej propriater* his lessee or tenant, entitled to such tythes or pay, meats* or his ok their agent or factor, except in the caseq mentioned in the fourth rule of No. IV. of Schedule (A.): ., Fourth.  Of manors and other royalties, including all duel and other services, or other casual profits (not being rents nc othefc annual payments reserved or charged) on an average of seven preceding years, to be charged on the lord or lady of such manor or royalty, or person renting the same:

Fifth.  Of fines received in consideration of a demise or demises of lands or tenements (not being parcel of a manor or royalty demisable by the custom thereof) on the amount so received within the year preceding by or on account of the party or parties; provided, that in case the said party or parties shall prove to the satisfaction of the commissioners for general purposes in the district, that such fines or any part thereof have been applied as productive capital, on which a profit has arisen or will arise otherwise chargeable under this act for the vear in which the assessment shall be made, it shall be lawful for the said of to discharge the amount so applied, from the profits liable to assessment under this rule: Sixth.  Of all other profits arising from lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages not in the actual possession or occupation of the party to be charged and not before enumerated, on a fair and just average of such number of years, as the commissioners for the execution of this act shall on the statement of the party to be charged, judge proper (except such profits'as may be liable to deduction in pursuance of the ninth or i tenth rules in, Number IV. herein after mentioned) to be charged

charged on the receiver^ of such profits, or.persons entitled

thereto.

No. III.  Rules for estimating the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages herein after mentioned, which are not to be charged according to the preceding General Rule.

The annual value of all the properties herein after described shall be understood to be the f\ill amount or one year, or the^average amount for one year of the profits received therefrom within the respective times herein limited.

Tim.  Of all tythes belonging to any ecclesiastical person in Tythes.

L right of his church or by endowment, if taken in kind, on an [ average of three preceding years: ,

Second.  Of all dues and money payments in right of the Payment in t church or by endowment, or in lieu of any tythes (not being lieu tyth*8-f tythes arising from any lands) and on all teinds in Scotland, belonging to any ecclesiastical person as aforesaid, on the like average:

bird.  Of all tythes (arising from lands V if compounded for, Composition and of all rents, and other money paynrents in lieu of tythes for tythes on (arising from lands) belonging to any ecclesiastical person as 'an<^-aforesaid, on the amount of such composition, rent* or payment for one year preceding:

The said duty in each case to be charged on the ecclesiastical person, his lessee or tenant, entitled to such tythes or payments, or his or their agent or factor, except in the cases L mentioned in the fourth rule, No. IV. of Schedule (A.): tFourth.  Of quarries of stone, slate, limestone, or chalk, on Quarries.

the amount of profits in die preceding year:

Fifth.  Of mines of coal, tin, lead, copper, mundic, iron, and Mines.

other mines, on an average of five years, subject to the provisions concerning mines, contained in this act:

Sixth.  Of* iron-works, salt-springs or works, alum-mines or Iron works, works, water-works, streams of water, canals, inland naviga- &c* tions, docks, drains, and levels, fishings, rights of markets and fairs, tolls, ways, bridges, ferries, and otnet concerns of the like nature, from or arising out of any lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages, on the profits of the year preceding:

The duty in each of the three last rules to be charged on the person or persons, corporations, companies, or societies of persons, whether corporate or not corporate, carrying on the concern, or on their respective agents, treasurers, or other officers having the direction or management thereof, or being in the receipt of the profits thereof, on the amount of the produce or value thereof, and before paying, rendering* or distributing the produce or the value, either between the different persons, or members of the corporation, company, or society engaged in the concern, or to the owner or owners of

die

the soil or property, or to any creditor or other person whatever having a claim on or out of the said profits, and all tuch persons, corporations, companies or societies, shall allow out of such produce or value a proportionate deduction out of the duty so charged, and the said charge shall He made on the said profits, exclusively of any lands used or occupied in or about the concern:

The computation of duty arising in respect of any such mine carried on by a company of adventurers shall be made and stated jointly in oile sum, provided, that if any adventurer shall declare his proportion or share in such concern iq Order to a separate assessment, it shall be lawful to charge such adventurer separately, and nothing herein contained shall be construed to restrain any adventurer so separated'assessed from deducting or setting against his profits acquired in one or more of such concerns, his loss sustained in aitj ofher of the said concerns over and above the profits thereof, provided that such Toss shall not exceed the proportion of such adventurer which shall have been duly proved by tbt company in their computation of duty, and shall have been allowed by the respective of, and in every and case, one assessment only shall be made on the balance of such profit and loss of the adventurer so separating his fB* count in the parish or place where such adventurer shell be chargeable to the greatest amount, and the amount, of etd person's share so proved and allowed shall be deducted fan the general assessment of the company or companies to such adventurer shall belong, and the respective cotxunM sioners shall cause the assessments on the said companies n, be rectified as the Case may require; and the certificate 4 1 the of making such separate assessment shall til an authority to the of acting in another dfaridj to cause the assessments on the respective compares to whidb such assessments shall belong to be rectified; and in such loss shall arise in a different district than where sudk separate assessment shall be to be made, a certificate of thr amount of such loss, and the proportion of such adventuttr therein, shall be proof of the deduction to be made by thl of making such assessment.

No. IV.  Rules and Regulations respecting the said Duties.

Tobe charged in the parish.

Except canals and roads.

First.  All properties chargeable to die duties in Schedule (A.) shall be charged fa the parish or place where the same & situate, and not elsewhere, except as herein after is excepted i Provided, That the profits arising from canals, inland navigations, streams of water, drains or levels* or from any toads or ways of a publick nature, and belonging to or vested in any company of proprietors or trustees, whether corporate <* not corporate* may be be stated fa one account, and charged;

J

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. TII. c. 65. 193

in the city, town, or place, at or nearest to the place where the general accounts of such concern shall, have been usually made up; and it shall be lawful for the said proprietors, or trustees, having paid the duties so chargeable, either to deduct a just proportion thereof from the interest payable to the creditors of the said -properties, or any of them, or to pay such interest in full, without making any such deduction; and it shall be lawful for the said creditors to receive such interest in full, and they or any of them shall not be liable thereupon to the penalty herein after contained:

Provided also, That the profits arising from any manor or Manors, royalty as aforesaid, which shall extend into different parishes, may be assessed in one account in the parish where the court for such manor or royalty shall have been usually held: pro- tided also, that the profits arising from all fines received B by the same person, body politick or corporate, or company, may be assessed in one account, where the person or persons to be charged under the regulations of this act shall.reside: -

second.  All lands occupied by the same person or persons, Lands in the i stall be brought into every account thereof required to be delivered by such person or persons under this act, whether charged ac. the same shall be occupied by such person or persons as cording to the turner or tenant, or as tenant under distinct owners, or shall parishes.

situate in the same or in different parishes or districts, but, the charge thereon shall be in each parish or district, in pro-; poftion to the value of the property situate therein; of which proportions the occupier or occupiers shall be required to deliver an account in each parish wherein any part of such lands are situate, and a separate estimate shall be given of lands in the same occupation belonging to distinct owners; and if any occupier of lands situate in different parishes or places shall wilfully omit to deliver an account of the lands so ^occupied in each parish or place, although such occupier may not reside in one or more of such parishes or places, everyach occupier over and above the penalty herein imposed, shall be charged for the lands so omitted at double the rate contained in this act:

Provided always, That lands held under the same Lands in dif-demise, or in the occupation of the same person as owner, [^b^chY^cd although situate in different parishes, may be charged in in either* either parish at the discretion of the respective -commissioners, if the said of shall be satisfied that the proportion in each parish, either in respect of quantity, rent, or value of the said lands cannot be ascertained, in case the whole of the said lands shall be situate in the same district of of; and if the said lands extend into different districts of of, then the assessment shall be made b that district where the occupier of such lands doth reside: bmL  For any dwelling-house in the occupation^ of a tenant, Houses under which with the buildings or offices belonging "thereto, and ^iacnE, VOL. XLVI. O <&0gie^OH UnCIO GS.

be charged on occupiers of land.

194 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

the land occupied therewith, shall be under the annual valuo, of ten pounds, and for all lands and tenements let to any tenant for a less period than one year, the assessment there-tipon may, if the commissioners for executing this act shall think fit, be made on the landlord, but so as not to impeach the remedy of recovery of the duty from the occupier in default of payment by the landlord:

Tythes may Fourth.  For any compositions, rents, or other payments in lieu of tythes, the assessment thereupon may, if the commissioners for executing this act think fit, be made on the respective occupiers of the lands from which such tythes arise, or on the respective persons liable to the payment of such compositions, rents, or &ther payments; and the said of may direct notices to oe delivered to such persons respectively, for the purposes of obtaining returns of the value of such compositions, rents, and payments, subject to the like penalties, and under the regulations of this act, for returns of the annual value of lands:

Mines failing, Fifth.  If any mine, enumerated in the fifth rule, No. IIL of this Schedule, has, from some unavoidable cause, been de* creased, and is decreasing in the annual value thereof, so that the average of five years will not give a fair and just estimate of the annual value thereof, it shall be lawful after due proof before the commissioners for general purposes in the district, where such mine shall be situate, to compute such annual value on the actual amount of such profits and gains in the preceding year ending as aforesaid, subject to such abate* ment on account of diminution of duty within the current yeaT, as is herein provided in other cases 5 and if any such mifie shall, from some unavoidable cause, have wholly failed, it shall be lawful for the said of, on due proof thereof, wholly to discharge any assessment made thereon: Provided always, That whenever any such mine shall be situate, or the produce thereof shall be manufactured in a different place than where the produce thereof shall be sold, the profits arising therefrom shall be assessed and charged in the parish and district where the said mine is situate, or where the produce thereof is manufactured and not elsewhere:

Duties may Sixth.  If in estimating the value of any of the properties be ascertained enumerated in No. II. or No. IIL of this Schedule as before mentioned, it shall appear that the account required by the 6aid rules, or any of them, cannot be made out by reason of the possession or interest of the party to be charged thereon having commenced within the time for which the account is directed to be made out, it shall be lawful for the said party or parties and all persons concerned in executing this act, to estimate the profits of one year, in proportion to the profits received within the time elapsed since the commencement of such possession or interest:

Seventh.--The duty to be charged under this Schedule, in respect

er failed.

according to the length of nocsesoooo.

Foreign

ministers.

195

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.

respect of any house or tenement occupied by any accredited minister from any foreign prince or state, shall be charged and paid by the landlord or person immediately entitled to the rent of the said house or tenement:

Eighth.  The duty to be charged in respect of any house, tenement, or apartment belonging to his Majesty, his hehrs or successors, in the occupation of any officer of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in right of his office or otherwise, (except apartments in his Majesty's royal palaces) shall be charged on and paid by the occupier of such house, tenement, or apartment, upon the annual value of each house, tenement, or apartment so occupied:

Ninth.  The occupier or occupiers of any lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages, being respectively tenants of the same, and paying the said duties, shall deduct so much thereof as in respect of the rent payable to the landlord or landlords for the time being, fall sums allowed by the of being first deducted) as a rate of two shillings for every twenty shillings thereof, would by a just proportion amount unto, which sums shall be deducted out of the first payment thereafter to be made on account of rent; and the receivers of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and all landlords, both mediate and immediate, their respective heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, according to their respective interests, and their respective receivers or agents, shall allow such deductions and payments upon receipt of the residue of the rents, under the penalty herein contained; and the tenants paying the said assessment shall be acquitted and discharged of so much money, as if the same had actually been paid unto the person or persons to or for whom his or their rents shall have been due and payable j and the occupier or occupiers of lands charged on the amount of any composition, rent, or payment for tythes arising therefrom, and paying the said duties, shall be entitled to make the like deductions from such composition, rent, or payment on paying the same:

Tenth.  Where any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments are subject or liable to the payment of any rent, charge, annuity, fee, farm-rent, rent-service, quit-rent, feu-duty, teind-duty, stipends to licensed curates, or other rent or annual payment thereupon reserved or charged, the landlords, owners, or proprietors, by whom any deductions or payments shall have been allowed as aforesaid, and the landlords, owners, and proprietors being respectively occupiers, and charged to the said duties, shall abate and deduct, and detain and keep in their hands, out of every such rent, charge, annuity, fee, farm-rent, rent-service, quit-rent, feu-duty, teind-duty, stipend, or other rent or annual payment aforesaid, so much of the said duties or payments, on account of the same, (the just proportion of the sums allowed by the of being first deducted), as a like rate of two shillings for every twenty shillings on such rent, charge, annuity, fee, farm-rent, ? Cnt-ervice, quit-rent, feu-duty, teind-duty, (of)s(ti|iend, or other

ti Q rent

Official

houses.

Occupiers to recover from landlord, according to the rate, by deducting the duty out of the rent*

Landlords may recover from others having interest at the like rate.

Mortgagees Sn possession liable.

196 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

rent or annual payment aforesaid) respectively, shall by a just proportion amount unto; and the receivers of his Majesty, his heirs or successor, and all and every person and persons who are or shall be anyways entitled unto such rents, duties, stipends, or annual payments, their receivers, deputies, or agents, are hereby required to allow such deduction and payments according to such rate, upon the receipt of the residue of such monies as shall be due and payable to them for such rents, duties, or annual payments, without any fee or charge for such allowance, and under the penalty herein contained; and the landlord, owner, proprietor, and occupier respectively, being charged as aforesaid, or having allowed such deductions or payments, shall be acquitted and discharged of so mudtf money, as if the same had actually been paid unto such person or persons to whom such rent, charge, annuity, fee, farm-rent, rent-service, quit-rent, feu-duty, teind-duty, stipend, or other rent or annual payment aforesaid, shall have j been due and payable:

Eleventh.  Where any mortgagee, or creditor in any heritable bond or wadset, shall be in the possession of the lands, tene-y ments, or hereditaments mortgaged or secured, such mortgagee or creditor shall be chargeable as occupier when in the actual occupation of the same, and when not in the actual _ occupation of the same, shall be liable to such deductions as any other landlord would be; and upon the settlement of accounts between such mortgagee or other creditor as aforesaid, and the mortgagor or debtor, the duty payable, in respect of the amount of the interest payable upon such mortgage, or other debt as aforesaid, shall be taken and allowed as so much money received by such mortgagee or other creditor as aforesaid on account of such interest:

Owner dying, Twelfth.-  Where any houses, lands, or tenements shall be isto be aid^ occupied by the owner at the time the assessment under this 18*act shall be made, who shall die before payment of the duty,

the heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, or other person or persons who on such death become entitled to the.rents and profits thereof, shall be liable to the payment of 11 arrears of the said duty due at the time of such death, and to all subsequent instalments for that year, according to their respective interests, without any new assessment:

Thirteenth.  Where any house shall be divided into distinct properties, and occupied by distinct owners or their respective tenants* such properties shall be charged distinct on the respective occupiers:

Fourteenth.  No deduction from the estimate or assessment on any lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages shall be allowed in any case not authorised by this act, nor unless an account in writing signed by the occupier or occupiers thereof, or by the party claiming such deduction, stating the nature and amount thereof, shall have been delivered to the assessor t>r assessors within the time, and pursuant to the notice de- liyered

Houses occupied by and belonging to different persons to be charged distinct.

Deductions how to be allowed.

i97

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.

limed by such assessor or assessors; and if any such deduction shall have been made or allowed contrary to this act, or without such account in writing as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the surveyor #or inspector to surcharge the assessment, and to charge therein a sum equal to the amount of duty by which the assessment shall have been diminished on occasion of such deduction, which surcharge shall not be annulled or vacated under any pretence whatever, but shall stand part of the assessment.

No. V. Particular Deductions from Schedule (A.) Deductions, first  For the amount of the tenths and first fruits, duties and Tenths, See.

fees on presentations paid by any ecclesiastical person, within the year preceding that in which the assessment shall be ! made:

(Second.  For procurations and synodals paid by ecclesiastical Procuration,

persons on an average of seven years preceding that in which*Ca j the assessment shall be made:

Third.  For repairs of collegiate churches and chapels, and chancels of churches, or of any college or hall in any of the ance' universities of Great Britain, by any ecclesiastical or collegiate*body, rector, vicar, or other person or persons bound to repair the same, on an average of twenty-one years preceding as aforesaid, or as nearly thereto as can be produced: purth.  For the amount charged on lands, tenements, heredU Deductions taments, or heritages, towards an aid granted by an act passedor nd*ta* hi the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty^ by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty where the charge thereon shall not have been redeemed: fifth  For the amount charged on lands, tenements, heredi- Pr drainage taments, or heritages, by a publick rate or assessment, in re- c* spect of draining, fencing, or embanking the same: h all which cases there shall be allowed and deducted out j of the assessment to be made thereon, in respect of the pro-[ petty, unless such payments or any part thereof shall be made I by a tenant or tenants, such sum of money as a like rate of,

Itwo shillings for every twenty shillings of the sums paid, would by a just proportion amount unto 2 Provided always, That the allowances to be granted in Allowances to pursuance of the first, second, or third cases, may be granted, to the ecclesiastical or collegiate body, rector, vicar, or other how to be# person or persons aforesaid* liable to the charges therein men- made, tioned, in one sum, and in the same manner as allowances are to be granted in respect of income, either by deducting the same from the assessment upon them (if any) or by certificate;

' and such allowances shall be classed as allowances in respect of income.

198 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

Exemptions for colleges and halls.

Rents of hospitals and chanty lands,

No. VI. Allowances to be made in respect of the said Duties in Schedule (A.)

For the duties charged oil any college or hall in any of the universities of Great Britain, in respect of the publick buildings and offices belonging to such college or hall, and not occupied by any individual member or members thereof, or by any person paying rent for the same, and for the repairs of the publick buildings and offices of such college or hall, and the gardens, walks, and grounds for recreation repaired and maintained by the funds of such college or hall:

Or on any hospital, publick school, or alms-house, in respect of the publick buildings, offices, and premises belonging to such hospital, publick school, or alms-house, and net occupied by any individual officer or the master thereof, whose profits or emoluments however arising shall exceed fifty pounds per 'annum, or by any person paying rent for the same, and for the repairs of such-hospital, publick school, or alms-house, and offices belonging thereto, and of the gardens, walks, and grounds for the sustenance or recreation of the hospitaliers, scholars, and alms-mcn, repaired and maintained by the funds of such hospital, school, or alms-house:

For the duties charged on any cottage or tenement not exceeding the annual value of forty shillings, belonging to and occupied by any person not otherwise chargeable to any of the duties contained in this act:

The said allowances to be granted by the commissioners for general purposes in their respective districts:

Or on the rents and profits of messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments belonging to any hospital, publick school, or alms-house, or vested in trustees for charitable purposes, so far as the same are applied to charitable purposes:

The said allowances to be granted on proof before the of appointed as aforesaid, or to be appointed under the authority of this act for special purposes of the due application of the said rents and profits to charitable purposes only, and in so far as the same shall be applied to charitable purposes only:

The said allowances to be claimed and proved by any steward, agent, or factor acting for such school, hospital, oi alms-house, or other trust for charitable purposes, or by an^ trustee of the saing, by affidavit to be taken before any commissioner for executing this act in the district where suefi person shall reside, stating the amount of the duties chargeable, and the application thereof, and to be carried into effect by the said of for special purposes, and according to the powers vested in such of, without vaeating, altering, or impeaching the assessment to be made under this act, on or in respect of such properties; which assessments shall be in force and levied notwithstanding such allowances,

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 199

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the duties hereby Rented duty, granted, including the duties contained in the Schedule marked (B.) as herein recited, and the said additional duties before men- Schedule (B.), tianed, shall be assessed and charged in one sum under the fol- and rule*V lowing rules; which rules shall be deemed and construed to be deemed part pan of this act, and to refer to the said last mentioned duty, act*

n if the same had been inserted under a special enactment.

1

Schedule (B.)

No. VII.  Rules for assessing and charging the Properties under Schedule (B.)

The duties last before mentioned shall be charged in addition to To be charged the duties to be charged under Schedule (A.) on all the pro- in addition to perti.es in this act directed to be charged to the said duty,

according to the general rule in No. 1. Schedule (A.) before properties, mentioned, on the full amount of the annual value thereof, except for estimated as by this act is directed (except a dwelling-house, dwelling-and the domestic offices thereunto belonging, and which dwelling-house and offices shall not be occupied by virtue of urms and one and the same demise with a farm of lands for the pur- tythes. pose of farming such lands, or with a farm of tythes for the purpose of farming the same; and except warehouses or other buildings occupied for the purpose of carrying on a trade dr profession); provided, that in all cases where lands in England One-eighth to are not subject to tythes, or to any modus or composition he deducted real in lieu thereof, there shall be deducted out of the duties contained in this Schedule, a sum not exceeding one-eighth lands, part thereof; and in all cases where such lands are subject to a modus or composition real, and not subject to any tythes, there shall be deducted out of such duties, so much thereof as, together with the like rate on such modus or composition real, snail not exceed one-eighth part of such duties as aforesaid; and in all cases where such lands are subject to a modus or composition real in lieu of certain specific tythes, and also are subject to certain other specific tythes, or where such lands are free of certain specific tythes, and are subject to certain other specific tythes, the annual value of such lands shall, for the purpose of charging the duties under this Schedule, be estimated at the rack-rent at which the same would let by the year if wholly free from tythes, and there shall be deducted therefrom the amount or value of one-eighth of the said duties chargeable on the said estimate, as in cases of tythe-free lands: provided also, that any person being lessee Lessees and and occupier of tythes or teinds taken in kind, or being the occupiers of occupier of the lands from whence such tythes or teinds shall arise, and compounding for the same, shall be charged, in every twenty respect of the occupation, at the rate of sixpence for every shillings, twenty shillings of the annual value thereof, estimated as aforesaid: provided also, that the several properties herein*

aftet /

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

after described in No. VIII. shall bfe assessed and charged in manner therein mentioned.

No. VIII.  Rules for estimating the Properties herein after next mentioned, under Schedule (B.)

Nurseries or Lands occupied as nurseries or gardens for the sale of the pro-gardens. duce, and lands occupied for the growth of hops, shall be charged to the duties in Schedule (B.) on the profits of one year, on an Average of the three preceding years, except where the lands so occupied for the growth of hops shall be part of a farm held under one demise, or by the same person as owner, and shall not exceed one-tenth part of such farm; in which case the duty thereon under this Schedule shall be charged, together in one sum as for a farm, by the said general rule in Schedule (A.) mentioned.

To be paid by the occupier.

Having the use of lands to be deemed occupiers.

To be in force for one year.

How paid on change of occupation.

No. IX.  Rules for charging the said Duties, under Schedules (A.) and (B.)

First.  The said duties, except where other provisions are made as aforesaid for estimating particular properties, shall be estimated according to the general rule contained in Schedule (A.) and shall be charged on, and paid by the occupier or occupiers for the time being, his, her, and their executors, administrators, and assigns.

Second.  Every person having the use of any lands or tenements, shall be taken and considered, for the purposes of this act, as the occupier of such lands or tenements:

Third.  The said several duties shall on each assessment thereof be levied on the occupier or occupiers for the time being, without any new assessment, notwithstanding any change in the occupation thereof: provided every tenant, on quitting the occupation, shall be liable for the arrears at the time of so quitting, and for such further portion of time as shall then have elapsed, to be settled and levied by the respective of, and repaid to the occupier or occupiers by whom the same shall have been paid; and the executors or administrators of any tenant who shall die before the payment of Such assessment, shall be liable in like manner as the testator or intestate would have been if living: provided also, that every tenant, quitting before the time of making tha assessment, shall be liable for such portion of the year as shall have elapsed at the time of his so quitting, to be adjusted and settled by the respective of.

No. X.  Rules for estimating the annual Value of Properties before described in Schedules (A.) and (B.) or either of them.

Money pa inents landlord on account of

First.  Where any landlord shall be subject to any ixTon*or agreement to pay and satisfy, out of the rent res

covenant reserved on

any lands or tenements, all or any parochial rates, taxes, or

assessments

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. 0, 65. 201

assessments which by law are a charge on the occupier, or occupier, to

any composition for tythes \ or where any rector, vicar, or rent,

other person entitled to any rent or other annual payment to be made in lieu of tythes, or any composition for tythes, shall pay and satisfy out of the amount thereof, all or any such parochial rates, taxes, or assessments charged on such tytheS, rents, compositions, or other annual payments aforesaid, then and in every such case, the annual value shall be estimated for the purposes of this act, exclusive of such rates, taxes, or

assessments, and of such compositions for tythes, to be computed on the amount thereof bond side paid by such landlord or other person aforesaid, in and for the year preceding the i year of assessment; or where the owner shall be also occupier,

of such lands or tenements, and shall have paid any parochial rates, taxes, or assessments charged on the same* or any compositions for tythes thereon, then and in such case, the said

annual value shall be also estimated, exclusive of such rates, taxes, and assessments, and compositions for tythes, to be Computed in like manner as aforesaid:

Second  Where any tenant of lands or tenements shall be sub- Amount of ject to any covenant or agreement, to pay and satisfy all or money paid jny aids, taxes, rates, or assessments by law chargeable on accomU1?0 or payable by the landlord or landlords, then and in such landlord to be case the amount thereof which shall have been bond side paid added to the by such tenant, in and for the year preceding the year ofrcnt* assessment, shall, in making the estimate for the purpose of charging the duty in respect of occupation, be added to the rent reserved, in case the san^e shall have been let within the period of seven preceding years j and if not so let, the estimate shall be made according to the general rule in Schedule (A.) with the like addition thereto of the amount of such payment.

Third.  Where the amount of rent of lands reserved in money In ascertain-shall depend in the whole, or in part, on the price of corn ing rent ac-or grain, the estimate for the purpose of charging the duties p^e^eem in Schedule (A.) shall be made on the amount payable ac- or grain, cording to the average prices or fiars fixed in the year preceding the year appointed for payment of the duty, and in the same manner by which such rents have usually been ascertained between the landlords and tenants \ but where a whole or part of the rent shall be reserved in corn or grain, then the said estimate shall be made on the like average price or fiar, computed on the quantity of corn or grain delivered or to be delivered in the year appointed for payment of the duty*, or where such computation cannot be made, the estimate aforesaid may be made on the annual value of such lands estimated according to the said general rule:

Fourth.  Where the amount of rent reserved on lands, tene- And accord-ments, hereditaments, or heritages, shall depend on the actual in to proproduce thereof, either in respect of the price or quantity <*uce' of such produce, the estimate, for the purposes of charging

the

In Scotland the estimate to be made according to the general rule.

Forestimating lands and tenements.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

the duties in Schedule (A.), shall be made on the amount or value of such produce in the year preceding the year appointed for payment of the duty according to the prices fixed, and according to the quantity produced in that year by the same fules and in the same manner, by which such rents have usually been ascertained between the proprietors and their lessees or tenants; and where the prices or fiars shall vary in the two years of assessment, or the amount of produce shall vary in those years, the assessment shall on appeal or surcharge be rectified accordingly:

Fifth.  Every estimate of such property in Scotland) shall be made without reference to the cess, or tax-roll, or valued rents heretofore used in Scotland, or any stent thereon, and shall be made according to the general rule contained in Schedule (A.) to the best of the belief and judgement of the of* assessors, 'and others employed in charging the said several duties.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That upon every account of the annual value of the several properties aforesaid, to be charged under Schedules (A.) and (B.), delivered in manner before directed to the assessor or assessors, it shall be lawful for the said assessor or assessors to make an estimate of the said property on the amount of the sum ascertained by such account, if the said assessor or assessors shall be satisfied with such amount; but if the said assessor or assessors shall not be satisfied therewith, or if no such account shall have been returned, or if the occupier or occupiers or other persons aforesaid shall not be resident within the limits of the district of such assessor or assessors, and no such return shall have been made, then the said assessor or assessors shall make an estimate, to the best of his or their judgement, of the annual value of the said property of which no sufficient

account shall have been delivered; and in doing so it shall be lawful for such assessor or assessors, and he and they in every case relating to lands or tenements to be estimated according to the said general rule by the annual value thereof, where such annual value cannot he otherwise ascertained, is and are hereby required to make such estimate according to the following rules; videlicet,

No. XI.

To be made on the same sums if rated to the poor on full value.

To be en-

creased to full value if made

on proportionate sums*

First.  Where the last rate made for the relief of the poor in any parish or place shall be made throughout by a pound rate on the annual value, as the same would be estimated according to Schedule (A.), the estimate thereon to be made under this act, shall be made on the same sums respectively as in such rate:

Second.  Where the said rate shall be made throughout by such pound rate or any proportionate part of the annual value as aforesaid, the proportion thereof shall be observed as in the said rate, but the estimate thereon to be made under this act,

shall be made at the same sums respectively as they would

; 'have

003

hare been estimated at, if the said rate had been made on the fall amount of such annual value: fluid.  Where properties of different kinds shall be rated in the If in different laid rate, according to different proportions of the value proportions, thereof as aforesaid, or shall be rated therein at different landTto be rates of such value* but nevertheless the properties of the the guide time kind shall be rated in a due proportion to each other, throughout, bath as to the value and rate of charge, in every such case the rule of rating lands, both as to the value and the rate of charge, shall, in making the estimate under this act, be observed throughout, as well with respect to such lands as to the other properties therein rated, so far as relates to such rates as shall be made either on the full value of the properties, or on any proportionate part thereof: loimh.^-In all cases not falling within the three preceding Where the rules, but nevertheless where the properties shall appear to proportions the assessors to be rated in the said rate in the same pro- ?re not portion to each other, though the proportion of such rate*00'1 to the value of the property rated be not known, and the assessors are able to ascertain the rack-rent of all or any of the properties which shall have been So let within the period of seven years preceding, within the limits of the parish or place where the said assessors shall act, they shall make an estimate of such properties on the amount of such rents respectively, and the amount contained in the estimates so made, shall form the basis on which the estimates of other properties, of which the rack-rent shall not hare been so ascertained, shall be made; and they shall make their estimates of all other property in a sum bearing the same proportion, as near as the same can be computed, to the amount of such first estimates, as the sums at which all such other properties of which the rent hath been so ascertained and valued at in such rate, bear to the sum charged in the said rate on the said properties first estimated; and they shall apportion the sum so estimated, on such other properties, in the same proportion, as near as the same c^n oe computed, as they are respectively rated at in such rate, and shall make their estimate under this act in such sums respectively; and in cases where the same rule of proportion shall not have been observed in rating different kinds of property, then the assessors shall make an estimate as above directed upon each of such kinds of property, for the purpose of forming a basis on which the estimates of other properties of the same kind may be made.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Assessors where any messuage or tenement, together with the offices, gar-H?wedto dens, and lands occupied therewith, or any lands separately occupied, shall be under the annual value of ten pounds, and the unto* ioi.'assessor or assessors shall be able to estimate the said value either by the rules before mentioned, or from his or their own know-

ledge,

204

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

ledge, or otherwise, it shall be lawful for such assessor or assessors to make an estimate of such property accordingly, to ike best of his or their judgement, without requiring a return of the annual value as Aforesaid, unless the surveyor or inspector shall object to such estimate, and shall require a notice for dial purpose to be delivered; and if any assessor, not having giv&a such notice, shall neglect to estimate the said properties, ami make a return of the true annual value thereof according to this act, every such assessor shall forfeit any sum not exceeding ten pounds.

Assessors may

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any

tenant at rack-rent shall produce to the assessor or assessor* estimates or r... t

land on the the lease or agreement m writing under which he or she inw

production of mediately holds any premises to be charged as aforesaid acconi* the lease by hig to the general rule, the production of which lease or accwdiru^to agreement every such assessor is hereby authorised to demand the reserved whenever the same shall appear to him necessary; and in case jent. it shall appear by such lease or agreement that the same shall have been let within the period of seven preceding years, and no other consideration in money than the rent reserved shall be contained in such lease or agreement, it shall be lawful for such assessor or assessors to make their estimate according to such rent, any thing before contained to the oo trary notwithstanding; but such assessment shall not be binding in case it shall appear to the of that the said lease or agreement doth not express the full consideration. If nidi le whether in money or value for the demise, or the rent bond jiie

haH be bona Pa'd ^or same> or diat the rent reserved is less than the rack-file at rack- rent on occasion of repairs or improvements dbne or to be done rent. by the lessee or assigns, or is made in any other respect with

intent to conceal the annual value of such premises, or to diminish the estimate to be made thereon, or hath been assigned to such tenant, or any former tenant, for any consideration in money or value paid or aerepd to be paid: provided always, that regard shall be had to the cases before mentioned, where the amount of the reserved rent shall be increased by reason of any covenant or agreement by the landlord, to discharge the tenant's taxes, rates, assessments, or duties before mentioned, or where the same shall be decreased by reason of any covenant or agreement by the tenant to discharge the landlord's taxes, rates, or assessments, or on occasion of any expences incurred or to be incurred by the lessee or assigns whether mentioned or not mentioned in such lease or agreement, and to the deductions to be made on account of any aid or publick rate or assessment before described. Tenants at

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any tenant wnderToarol- at rac^"rent> under any parol-demise from year to year, within demise, or not the period mentioned in, the said general rule, or any tenant who, able to pro- by reason of any mortgage or other contract, shall not have the cure leases, custody or possession of, or the power over any lease or agree-accounTofn mentn ^dng under which he holds the premises demised, the value. within the said period, and who shall give reasonable proof to the

mL V^OOglC Com-

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 205

of why he is unable to produce the same, shall deliver fi^be assessor or assessors an account in writing signed by him oner, of the actual amount of the annual rent reserved on such

Inch account so delivered shall be deemed a compliance act, in all cases where he may be called upon, under the of this act, to produce such lease or agreement; ill be lawful for such assessor or assessors to make their according to such rent, any thing before contained to ary notwithstanding; but such assessment shall not be m casejt shall appear to the said of that the unt doth not express the full consideration for such r the rent bond side paid for the same, or that the rent s less than the rack-rent on occasion of any payments id made or to be made by such tenant, or is made in any >ect with intent to conceal the annual value of the pre- under such demise, or to diminish the estimate to be reon.

And be it further enacted, That every such tenant Penalty on I wilfully deliver any such account which shall be false, tenants deli-hall wilfully produce any lease or agreement with a t intent to conceal the annual value of the premises thTvalue of omprised, or to diminish the estimate to be made the premises, ball forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and shall be liable rged in double the duty hereby directed to be charged id, computed on the annual value of the premises held h demise, estimated according to this act; and the said and surveyors are hereby required to surcharge the the of are hereby required to make an bessment accordingly.

LXXXL. And be it further enacted, That every tenant of Tenants in tods, tenements, or heritages in Scotland, shall, within ten days Scotland to fter the assessor or assessors shall have left at his or her usual ^g ^their bee of abode, or at any dwelling-house or other place on the notice; lemises to be charged with the assessment, a note in writing to he effect after mentioned, (which such assessor or assessors are lereby required to deliver in every instance) shall produce to such lessor or assessors the tack or lease, or other agreement or Rides in writing under which he or she holds such lands or aenents; or where the same shall not be in the power, custody, ir possession of such tenant, or there shall be no such tack, lease, r agreement, or articles, then he or she shall leave with such ssessoror assessors, or at his or their dwelling-house, within the ime before mentioned, a note m writing of the actual rent anuaBy reserved and payable, and of any other valuable con-idmtkm given or to be given to the landlord or landlords of sch lands and tenements, as a further consideration for such mancy, under the penalty of treble the duty hereby chargeable hereon in case of any wilful neglect to comply with such notice; aid it shall be lawful for such assessor or assessors to make his or their estimate on the production of such lease, or agreement,

>r articles, according tg the rent: therein reserved and njade pay-

by CjOC, able;

o6

To be left with a justice of peace, See. in a certain case.

All properties to be assessed if lands become unoccupied; distress may be taken afterwards.

Assessments on houses unoccupied to be discharged.

Mode of levying the duties charged on tythes.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

able; and in case of non-production of such lease, or agreement, or articles in writing, then upon the rent reserved or made payable, according to the account thereof delivered as aforesaid, ii he or they shall be satisfied that the said lands, tenement* 01 heritages, have been bond side let at the reserved rent notified & him or them as aforesaid without other valuable consideTafcsom 3 but in case such assessor or assessors shall not be satisfied vish the notification given to him or them, or in case no such notifies* tion shall be given, then such assessor or assessors shall make the estimate as directed in the foregoing rules.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That k the farm occupied by such tenant shall be distant more than m miles from the dwelling-house of such assessor, it shall be coo* petent to such tenantto odge his or her lease, or note in writing of the rent with the nearest justice of the peace, or with tin clergyman of the parish where the farm is situated; and the ctal justice of the peace or clergyman respectively, shall be obliged to shew the said lease or note of the rent to the said assessor when required.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That the said several duties sbdi be assessed on all lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whethei occupied at the time of assessment or not; and so far as respect* the duties chargeable under Schedule (A.) in case any famdl charged to the said duties in any part of Great Britain shdl be unoccupied, and 110 distress can oe found on the same at the time such duties shall be payable, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the collectors of the parish or place where the said lands are situate for the time being, at any time after to enter upon the said lands when there shall be any distresses thereupon to be found, and the distress and distresses to seize and sell, under the like powers as they might have distrained on the same land* if in the occupation of such person or persons at the time the duties became due: provided always, that the said duties, or either of them, shall not be levied on any houses which shall bm; been or shall become unoccupied for such year, or portion of the year, as the same shall be unoccupied; but the assessment them* upon for such year, or portion of the year as aforesaid, shall, upon appeal, be discharged or diminished by the of, <m due proof of the time in which such nouse has remained unoccupied.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That where by any assessment the duties hereby granted shall be charged on tythes or temdt, and the same shall not be paid within the respective times limited by this act, it shall be lawful for the collector and officer to distrain upon such tythes or teinds, or any other goods or chattel* of the owner of such tythes or teinds, wherever the same can b found, and to seize, take, and sell so much thereof as dull be sufficient for the levying the said assessment, under and subject to the powers granted by the said recited acts respectively in other cases.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 207

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That when ?ny assessment shall Mode of ley,-

bechareed on any composition for tythes or teinds, or any rent orn8 t^ie

 ..*r 1 a*m.riii 1 on compost*

: raient in lieu of tythes or teinds, the occupier of the lands and tjon8

premises charged with such compositions, rents, or payments, tythes, i be answerable for the duties so charged, and may deduct the manors, or e out of the next payment on account thereof; and where assessment shall be charged on the profits of manors or royalties, or of markets or fairs, or on tolls, fisheries, or any other fisheries* Scc-annual or casual profits not distrainable, the owner or occupier, or receiver or receivers of the profits thereof, shall be answerable for the duties charged thereon, and may retain and deduct the nme out of such profits; and in every such case the collector 5n. ll distrain upon such persons respectively, by any of the ways ad means prescribed by the said recited acts respectively.

LXXXVI. And be it enacted, That the respective assessors How assessors ing in the execution of this act shall make their certificates of

Juation or estimates, on all lands, tenements, and hereditaments, mates^11* heritages, within the limits of those places for which they are act, and shall set down the full and just annual value of all ich lands and premises estimated in each particular case, according to the directions of this act, together with the names and surnames of the occupiers and proprietors thereof, and shall at same time deliver to the said of all returns which shall Irve been made to them, as well of such annual value, as 11 any deduction claimed to be made therefrom, such returns being first progressively numbered*

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Assessors to 5>ors for any parish, ward, or place, shall not be able to make nereand: e; r estimates according to the provisions of this act, or shall be j^r^eyorsfor tbstructed therein, it shall be lawful for them to make application instructions, to any two or more of the of acting in the execution: this act for the district wrhere such assessors shall be appointed, c: to any surveyor or inspector of the said duties, who shall overally instruct such assessors in making their estimates, and ?i5t them in the execution of this act, according to the powers id authorities vested in them respectively by this act.

LXXX\

III. And be it enacted, That the assessors to be ap- Assessors to pointed for the aforesaid duties in England, Wales, and Berwick- verify their Tweedy shall, at the time of bringing in their certificates of r8t*n|^8 valuations or estimates, if required so to do by any surveyor or missioner^" inspector of the said duties, or by any two or more of the re- They and the pective of, give notice to the overseers of the poor overseers may ' the parish or place where they shall act, to produce, or cause w^m|!nc<* be produced to the commissioners for executing this act in re- commission-i-tion to the said duties, the book or books, or a true copy thereof, ers to whom which shall have been entered the rates made for the relief of copies of rates the poor of such parish or place, and also a true copy of the last^P10* rate made for the relief of the poor in such parish or place, who ill without fail deliver the same to the said inspector or surveyor rectify the of that district for the use of the said of; and the said assessments If

assessors not duly made.

o8

Commissioners and others may call for any parish books to be produced if nder penalty.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

assessors shall declare in writing, signed by them, whether $he said rates are made on the full value of the properties thereinj$r in any and what proportionate part thereof, to the best of their knowledge and belief; and the said of shall, in the said surveyor or inspector shall allege and shew to the  faction of the said of that the said estimates or of them have not been made according to the directions of act, examine the said assessors and also the overseers of the for the same parish or place, or any of them, being duly su moned for that purpose, on their oaths or solemn affirmatli touching the proportions between the said rates and the valai the properties charged therein, and whether the properties, or and which of them, have been valued therein at the amounl at any and what proportion of the annual value thereof res] tively, and what ought to be the just proportion between the 1 on the different properties therein charged, if the amount of values thereof, and the same proportion between the rates, been observed throughout the rate, and also what property $ have been omitted to be rated, and which of the properties in parish or place shall be entitled to be assessed on the profits at an average of the profits according to this act; and the said spectors and surveyors shall carefully examine the estimates m by the same assessors with the last rate made for the relief of .1 poor, in order that thfey may the better ascertain whether ihe"J estimates have been made on all the properties situate in

parish, and according to the directions prescribed by this act, rom the result of the said enquiries may rectify the s estimates in any particulars which in their judgement may be fig quisite, before the of make an assessment thereon/" herein is directed; and in so doing may pursue, if they think I in the rules in Number XL of this act before mentioned, relating tfr the said rates for relief of the poor.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That for the better informatir^ of the of appointed to carry this act into executi and the persons to be appointed assessors as aforesaid, and a the surveyors and inspectors, and the better to enable them t$ perform their duty, the said of, or any two or mxtfg of them, and the assessors, surveyors, and inspectors henfa mentioned, or any one or more of them, or any person or persoaj* authorised by them or any of them, throughout England, lPala+ and Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall have liberty from time to time^ and at all seasonable times, to inspect and take copies of or extract* from any book or books kept by any parish officer or officers, or other person or persons, of or concerning the rates made for the relief of the poor, or any other publick taxes, rates, or assetfcj ments, in any place within the limits for which they shall lie appointed 5 and if any person or persons in whose custody Ot power any of the said books shall be, shall refuse or neglect to permit the said inspection, or the copies or extracts to be made as aforesaid, or to attend the said of with their books

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65* 209

when required so to do, in pursuance of this act, then and in every mh case, every person who shall so refuse or neglect, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than five pounds.

XC. And be it further enacted, That ir shall be lawful for the Assessors in assessors in each parish or place in Scotland, and they are hereby Scotland to be ired, to take to their assistance the schoolmaster in suen examine4 h or place, for the purpose of making such valuation of the v^uadon. Is and other premises within their respective limits; and at the of bringing in their certificates, they shall make oath of the rruth of their valuation, and that the same was made according die best of their skill and judgement, and shall submit to be mined on such oath before the said of in all tters anti things concerning the said valuation which the said - ummissioners shall require for their information.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That in cases where the Assessors and pier or occupiers, or other person or persons chargeable, shall officers n due notice under this act, omit to produce an account in urVe^l^nds ring as aforesaid, of the amount of the annual value of the by order of perry in his or their occupation, estimated according to the the commia-'ral rule in Schedule (A.) or such other rules in the said aionera, hedule as are applicable to such property, or shall have s' red an account with which the commissioners for general purposes shall be dissatisfied, the several assessors, inspectors, surveyors, authorised to act in the execution of this act, every of them throughout Great Britain, having first obtained an order in that behalf, signed by any two or more of the said of, and taking to their assistance such <in or persons of skill as shall be named in such order, ii, after two days' notice to the occupier or occupiers thereof, e full power at all seasonable times of the day, to view examine all or any lands, or other property chargeable, in filer to make a survey thereof, or otherwise to ascertain the annual value at which the same ought to be charged by virtue this act, and for so doing shall have liberty to enter upon any d$ or grounds whether inclosed or not, and to value the ne, and to measure and survey the same, if they cannot otherwise ascertain the annual value thereof.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That within a reasonable e after the respective surveyors and inspectors shall have had assessments the examination of the estimates delivered by the assessors in on estimates part of Great Britain, the said of shall proceed hot objected uke the same into consideration, and in case the surveyor their Mtia* inspector shall not have objected thereto, and the said com- faction. r: ^loners shall be satisfied that the said estimates have been made truly and without fraud, so as to enable them to charge the several properties contained therein with the full duty which ought to be charged upon them respectively, the said of shall compute and ascertain, or cause to be com-tfed and ascertained, the amount of the duty so chargeable at.respective rates prescribed by this act, according to the said respective Schedules, and shall make assessments upon the Yol. XLVI. P '^oi^espective

On objection taken, the Commission-

tnents thereon

Amount of

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. C. 65. [1806.

respective occupiers of, or other persons being in the receipt of the profits of such properties, of the several sums so computed at the respective rates before mentioned.

XCIII. And be it farther enacted, That in case die surveyor or inspector shall have objected to such estimates, and shall v.otowtify apply for a revision thereof, suggesting in writing to thecora-estimatfcs, and missioners any error, mistake, or fraud in making such estimates, make asses* it shall be lawful for the said of, according to the best of their judgement, to rectify such estimates, so that the duty to be computed as aforesaid thereon, may be fully charged according to the intent and meaning of this act, and to make their assessments according to such rectified estimates, at the respective rates, and in manner before mentioned.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That so soon as thf assessments to assessments for any parish or place under Schedules (A.) and (RJ V notified. sflall be made, the of shall cause notice thereof, aof of the day for hearing appeals therefrom, to be given in sudfc manner as they shall judge expedient5 which notice maybe given either by affixing a copy of such assessment on the church door, or any other publick place in the parish, together with a note of the day of appeal, or by delivering such copy to the assessor or assessors of such place with such publick notice, t* be affixed as aforesaid of the day of appeal, or by delivering* each party charged the amount of ^is or her assessment together. with a note of the day of appeal*, and such notices shall be made and given at least fourteen days before the day of appeal SS fixed.

XCV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if upon appeal any dispute shall arise touching the annual valued actual vaiua'any messunges> lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritage^ tion, by order and the of shall deem it necessary that a valuatioft of the com- thereof should be taken and made by any person or persons rf skill, it shall be lawful for them to direct the appellant to can* such valuation to be made by any person or persons to be named by the said of, the costs and charges whereof shall abide the final determination of the said of, and if shall be lawful for them to make an assessment according* such valuation, and to require the same to be verified on the oath or affirmation of the person or persons making the same; but in case the appellant shall not proceed with effect to cause such valuation to be made as aforesaid, the said of shall proceed to an assessment, according to the best of their judgement, on such messuages, lands, tenements, hen-ditaments, or heritages: provided always, that it shall be competent to the said of, in every such case where the valuation so made shall exceed the value put upon the same messuages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages, by the appellant, to direct the costs and charges attending the same to be paid by him; but if they shall be of opinion that such costs and charges have not been incurred through tfiydt-fault of the said appellant, they shall direct the same to be paid

The value of lands may be ascertained by

ais&ioners.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 211

fyr the collector or collectors of the parish or place, who on the certificate of any two or more of present at the time of the determination, shall pay the same, and the sums so paid shall be allowed to such collector or collectors, in his or [their accounts with the receiver-general, on delivering to him (tr his deputy such certificate together with the receipt and Irioocher for such payment.

XCVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the In case of ^fispate shall arise touching the valuation or relative value of valuation* of*tereral properties, or all the properties throughout any parish or alj the land htce, it shall be lawful for the of to direct a survey in the parish (fedraluation to be taken of all the messuages, lands, tenements, may be taken, [hereditaments, and heritages, in such parish or place, and to be such directions respecting the payment of the costs and Barges attending the same, either by'tnc several and respective ttopiers thereof in proportion to their respective interests, or y the collector out of the monies in his. hands of the duties ranted by this act, or in such proportion by the respective occurs and the said collector as shall appear to the said com-ifeioners to be just.

XCVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if on such case of ap-

le occupier of any such premises held under any anise at rack-rent, shall produce and shew to the said com- or^n(f iease/ ittiohers, the lease, tack, or agreement in writing, or shall proving hia tore by any lawful evidence to be produced on the part of annual rent, tekoccupier, in case there shall be no such lease or agreement C8r^88J^-

1 writing, the annual amount of the rent at which such ducTtherate. remises are let, it shall be lawful for the said of,

1 case such rent hath been fixed by agreement commencing Shin die period of seven years mentioned in the said general Be, and they shall be satisfied that such lease or agreement odi press the full consideration for the demise, under which ich occupier shall hold the same, or that the rent bond side paid)mch occupier for the same, hath been duly shewn to them toridence, and that such demise is made wholly on conside-irion of such reserved rent, without any intention to conceal rdiminish the annual value of such premises, or other fraudu-W intention whatever, to abate and deduct from such assessing so touch as in their judgement will reduce the rate to jit* rate on such rent.

JffiVIII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear Where lands S the said of, that any lands or tenements shall ]aergeg thTiTthL* me been assessed at an annual value less than the actual rent e

NHifth the same shall be let, or if not let at less than the rent assessmentwhich the same might be let, it shall be lawful for the said maj be recti-missioners to enlarge and increase* such assessment to such as a like' rate on such rent would amount unto, as well rttipect to $he rate on the property as the rate on the 1 of such lands and tenements.

( And be it further enacted, That if any inspector or Penalty on

NPtteyar shall wilfully make any false and vexatious surcharge, inspectors and

*2 by

tious surcharges.

First assessment under

making vexa- or wilfully deliver or cause to be delivered to the of!

for executing this act, any false and vexatious certificate of charge, every such inspector or surveyor shall forfeit to the party grieved any sum not exceeding fifty pounds, to' be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, for offences committed in England, and in the court of great sessions, for offences committed in Wales % and in the courts of sessioe or exchequer for offences committed in Scotland, with ful costs of suit: provided always, that nothing hereinbefore contained, nor any suit by the party aggrieved, in pursuance of tta act, oliali be construed to afsect, impeach, or defeat any aerie* or information, brought or to be brought against any surreja or inspector in pursuance of the said recited acts respectrrefjj for any corrupt, vexatious, or illegal practices in the executka of his office \ and it shall be lawful for the judge before whoti such inspector or surveyor shall have been convicted of SKI offence against this act, by indorsement on the postea, or for du court before whom such person shall be convicted, to mirigaSd the penalty at his or their discretion.

C. And be it further enacted, That the first assessment to be made after the fifth day of April one thousand eight hun&d anciTfi.) to re-and s*x> of the said duties tvhion are chargeable under either main in force, the Schedules marked (A.) or (B.) of this act, shall be and for two years, main in force for the space of two years, if this act shall: continue, without requiring returns from the parties ch therein for the second year of such assessment, and wrthoal altering the names of the parties charged, notwithstanding change in the occupation or interest of, or in the premise! charged in such assessment may have happened; and the liht #ums shall be levied thereon for the second year as shall c* ought to have been levied thereon for the first year, and the assessment shall be subject to the like exemptions and allow-. ances for the second year as were granted for the first year 5 ani the amount charged in such assessment shall be paid by fool instalments in each year, on the days and times herein spedfied for payment of such instalments, subject nevertheless to be varied and altered in the following cases; videlicet.

Unless under-.First.  If any surveyor dt inspector shall find or discover dot ' 'any person hath been under-rated in such assessment, or

omitted to be charged therein for the first year, or Tutfc ^obtained an exemption or allowance for the first year which ou gbt not to be, allowed for the second year, it shall be lawful for sneb surveyor orv inspector to surcharge. such assessment^or, the'second year in like jnanner in all respects, -at he or they is or are hereby authorised to surcharge the assessment under the like circumstances for the first year of assessment, provided that such surcharges shall be always made in the single duty, and no increase shall he made Ames above the rate of duty hereby granted, unless'"the tcafams-tiouers shall be of opinion that the assessment for -thetlnt -

rated j

teat

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.13

pear was, in the particular surcharged, occasioned through ! the wilful default or neglect of the party charged in the assessment:

pKxmi  if any person not chargeable in the first year of or fresh per- assessment, aliall become chargeable in the second year of 8n hecominj; [assessment, it shall be lawful for the assessor, surveyor, orc argcabc*

I inspector, to require the like returns, and to proceed to the assessment of such person in like manner for the second year,

|i as if the whole assessment of the parish, place, or district, had L commenced in that year:

tod.  If any person shall find himself aggrieved by the con- or uPn } dnuance of such assessment for the second year, by occasion appeal

; of his being over-rated therein, he may appeal from the same in \ that year, on delivering ten days' notice of such his intention.to the surveyor or inspector, and a true and perfect Schedule, of the annual value of the property charged on him for that ryear, in like manner as he might have appealed against die lsame assessment under the like circumstances for the first year, and no payment on such assessment for the first year L shall be construed to preclude such appeal; provided, that

for any vexatious appeal without reasonable cause, it shall, be lawful for the of to award reasonable costs > for the attendance of the assessor, surveyor, or inspector* to f be added to the assessment, and levied therewith for the usq, of such assessor, surveyor, or inspector, and which shall be r paid to such assessor, surveyor or inspector, in like manner

as any other payments under this act may be made to them: burtk  It shall be lawful for the respective collectors to levy To be levied. t and gather the assessment for the second year on the occu- P the occu- piers for the time being, by the same nfte or book which pien i shall have been delivered to them for the first year, unless the said of for executing this act snail revoke the appointment of the said collectors, or shall alter or vary the assessments, and deliver to them a new rate or book for the^second year:

Jifth.  The duplicates of the of shall be made for Commission-each year, and delivered to the receiver-general and at the tax- t^be made^or \ office, containing the like particulars for the second year as each year.

1 is berrfn required for the year of assessment, varying only [ the amounts therein to be specified, if the case shall require [ the same 5 and all the powers, regulations, matters, and [ things contained in this act for rectifying any assessment,

or increasing or diminishing the duty according to circum-.

1 stances, or for levying the same, shall be in force for the Second year in respect of the sums to be levied in that year, and shall be applied in that year as fully and effectually I-if the assessment had been made for that year under the I dbecdons and regulations of this act.

; 'CL And be it further enacted, That at the commencement Like assess*

sfthe third year, and so on at the commencement of the fifth

of every alternate year thereafter, during th^ccontinuance ^mmcner-C .*of ment of the

2T4

third and alternate years.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.' [1806.

of this act, a like assessment shall be made in each parish or place, pursuing therein the directions and regulations of this act; which assessment so made shall respectively condone in force for two years, under and subject to the provisions-before contained, for the first assessment to be made under this act. That no in- CII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no IxMev^ed for^nsta^rnent the duties assessed in such assessment shall be t'ie seco nd levied or collected for the second year of such assessment, which

year which shall not be due and payable within the meaning of this act,

shall not have before the period Ifmited for the continuance of this act, but the assegsment on which such instalments would have accrued, shall from thenceforth cease and determine.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That the duties hereby granted, including the duties contained in the Schedule marked (C.) as herein recited, and the additional duties to be charged S h dilotC'on amount thereof, shall be assessed and charged in one and rules, 'sum, under the following rules, which rules shall be deemed and construed a part of this act, and to refer to the said last mentioned duty, as if the same had been inserted under a special enactment.

become due before the expire on of the act. Recited and additional duties in

deemed part of this act.

By whom to be paid.

To what stock the duty xttnds.

Stock of friendly

societies

exempted.

Stock of charitable institutions exempted.

Schedule (C.)

Rules for assessing and charging the Duties under Schedule (C.)

The said last mentioned duty shall be paid by the persons and corporations respectively entrusted with the payment of the annuities, dividends, and shares therein charged, on behalf of the person or persons, corporations, companies, or societies entitled thereto, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, and shall be assessed by the commissioners- hereby authorised to be appointed for those purposes; and shall extend to all publick annuities whatever payable in Great Britain^ out of any publick revenue in Great Britain or elsewhere, and to all dividends and shares thereof which sh^U become payable after the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, except in the following cases of exemption from the said duties\ viz.

1st. The stock or dividends of any friendly society, established under or by virtue of an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act forth encouragement and relief of friendly societies; provided the property therein shall be duly claimed and proved by any agent or factor on the behalf of any such society, or by any member thereof, before the commissioners for special purposes appointed as aforesaid, or to be appointed by this act:

2d. The stock or dividends of any corporation, fraternity, or society of persons, or of any trust established for charitable purposes only \ or which, according to the rules Qr regulations established by act of parliament, charter, decree, deedoftnpt, or will, shall be applicable by the said corporations, fraternities, or societies, or by any trustee or trustees, to charitably

-9byVJOT 7

purposes

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 215

purposes only, and in so far as the same shall be applied to charitable purposes only; or the stock or dividends in the names of any trustees applicable to the repairs of any cathedral, college, church, or chapel, and to no other purpose, and in so far as the same shall be applied to such purposes, provided the application thereof to such purposes shall be duly proved before the commissioners for special purposes appointed as aforesaid, or to be appointed under this act, by any agent or factor on the behalf of any such corporation,

I fraternity, or society, or trustee or trustees, or by any of the j members or trustees:

Sd/The stock or dividends which shall have been transferred Not to extend

I to the of appointed or to be appointed by virtue; e ., .*rx r.r.r.the name of

i of an act, intituled An act for vesting certain sums iti the com- commission-

msswners, at the end of every quarter of a year, to be by them er$ of the nat

applied to the reduction of the national debt; provided that the fional debt.

governor and company of the bank of England shall from,

time to time cause to be transmitted to the of

for special purposes appointed as aforesaid, or io be appointed

under this act, an account of the total amount of stock which shall have been transferred to the said of:

sch. The stock or dividends transferred to the accounts in the Not to extend

boob of the bank of England % in the name or under the de- to stock in

scription of the lord high treasurer of England, or of the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, in pursuance of any

act or acts of parliament; provided that the governor and company of the bank of England shall from time to time

cause to be transmitted to the said of for special

purposes, an account of the total amount of stock which shall have been transferred to the said respective accounts:

Sth. The annuities, dividends, and shares, bond side belonging to Not to extent

any person not being a subject of his Majesty, and not being to foreigner8*

j resident in Great Britain or elsewhere within the dominions of his Majesty, during such time as the same shall continue the property of such person, and such person shall not be resident in Great Britain or elsewhere within the dominions

of his Majesty as aforesaid, provided that such property shall be duly claimed and ascertained in the manner herein after

mentioned:

6th. The stock or dividends belonging to His Majesty, in what- Not to extend ever name the same may stand in the books of the bank of to stock be-Baglandy and also the stocks or dividends of any accredited j^nging to his minister of any foreign state resident in Great Britain; pro- ^cr^ted*  vided the property thereof shall, if standing in the name or ministers* names of any trustee or trustees, be duly proved before the omumssioners for special purposes by such trustee or any

one of suph trustees.

ay. Andy for the assessing and charging the said annuities to the company of th^ bank of England, called Bank stock, fjjp JJaat-lnaia company9 galled Ea$t-India stock, or to the

n6

of annuities, to deliver to the commissioners for assessing the same, accounts of the amount thereof, who shall charge the same.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

South-sea company, called South-sea stock, and the profits attached thereto respectively, and also son the assessing and charging the sSd annuities payable at the Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer ah*, nuities, and the dividends and shares of all other annuities, payaik ] out of the revenue of Great Britain, which are or shall be entrusted- \ for payment to the companies of the bank of England and South Set-respectively, and also the dividends and shares of annuities payebk' out of the revenue of Ireland, which are or shall be entrusted fit payment to the governor and company of the bank of England Companies, aforesaid; be it further enacted, That the respective companie&j the^a^ment^rporations, an<^ persons having the distribution or payment uy - p*the said several annuities, dividends, and shares, shall from tisrtF to time, as often as the payments thereon shall become duty deliver to the respective of, appointed for the pose of assessing the duties thereon as aforesaid, trtie and faitnftil> accounts in writing in books to be provided for that purpose of the several amounts of such annuities and profits attached W the same, which shall be paid to the said companies respective!^ in respect of their corporate stock, and of such dividends afif shares of annuities as shall be entrusted to them or any of theap for payment to the persons, corporations, and companies entitled* thereto, and the amount of duty chargeable thereon at the rarf before directed, without deduction on any pretence whatever^ except as herein is allowed, distinguishing therein the separatee account or accounts of each person, corporation, and company*' or persons, or societies entitled unto any part, dividend, or share^ of such annuities respectively, as the same shall stand in the* books of the said respective companies, or at the said Exchequer, in such manner as that the part, dividend, and share of eaeb: person, corporation, and company, or persons or societies, of or to such annuities respectively, may be distinctly charged and? assessed to the said duty; and the said respective of shall from time to time make an assessment of the duty which shall appear to be chargeable on the accounts so delivered to the best of their judgement and belief, and shall from time to titadr deliver the said books of assessments (except as to bank stock) signed by any two or moreg|f them respectively, to the said of for special purposes appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid; and the said of for special purposes shall forthwith cause three certificates on parchment to be made out, under their hands and seals, or the hands and -seals of any two or more of them, containing the total amounts of duty, and of the annuities, dividends, and shares whereon the stsd duty shall have been charged, contained in each assessment* together with the proper title or description of the corporation, company, or persons having the distribution, or entrusted vM the payment of such annuities, dividends, and shares tespto*. tively \ and they shall transmit one of such certificates to Ike respective of for making such assessments, and other certificate to the office for taxes, for the use of the

remembranodf

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 217

remembrancer in the Exchequer, and the other thereof to the editor appointed to pass the accounts of the said duty at the wA receipt of Exchequer.

CV. And be it further enacted, That the respective cor-Companies to joarions, companies, and persons entitled unto such annuities^an<* and profits attached thereto, or entrusted with the payment assessed!m# tke annuities, dividends, or shares of such publick annuities ase hereinbefore described, shall, on notice of the amount of ch assessment, from time to time to be made as aforesaid,

(yhieh notices shall be given from time to time, as and when Ae annuities, dividends, and shares aforesaid shall become payable, and before payment thereof), set apart and retain the Sttmntof duty so assessed for the purposes of this act; and my such setting apart and retaining of the said duties shall fcIkemed a payment thereof by and on the behalf of the per-05, corporations, and companies entitled untA the said an-torities, dividends, and shares respectively; and all and every Ae persons, corporations, and companies entitled to such an-Jttties or profits attached thereto, or to any part thereof, or to lech dividends ot shares of annuities as aforesaid, are hereby Aqnbed, on receipt of the residue of the said annuities, profits,

Addends, and shares, over and above the duty so assessed, to iBow such payments at the rate before prescribed in respect if the said assessments; and the corporations and persons brag the distribution of such annuities, or entrusted with mch payments, shall be and are hereby acquitted and discharged if so much money as if the same had actually been paid unto the person or persons to whom such annuities, profits, dividends* ad shares did or might belong, or were by law payable.

CVT. And be it further enacted, That all monies so set Monies set Jptrt at the bank of England, East India, or South-sea houses, as ^j^in?o the Wore directed, shall be paid from time to time into the account Bank, lobe kept at the bank t>f England with the Commissioners of the Treasury, as herein after directed, accompanied with a certificate of the amount of the assessment under which the same AaO be so paid under the hands of two or more of the com-ftittioners making such assessment; and the said governor and Company shall also cause the amount of such assessment as shall btt time to time be charged on the trading profits of the said ! company, to be paid into the said account, together with or dis-j feet from any other monies before directed to be paid into the MtafcJ account by the said governor and company, as they shall choose; and the monies so paid into the said account at the WA (Sf England shall be liable to the payment of all sums of iDMey herein after directed to be paid to any persons, corpo-! tatkms, companies, or societies, on account of any exemptions frwrthe said duty claimed and allowed before and by the safid. i eoCMnsskmers for special purposes as herein directed; and the'mb governor 'fend company of the bank of England shall beWfd to retain in their hands from time to time so much of fee said atonies as shall have been, or shall from timeltfo tune

be

2)8

How small dividends shall be charged.

Persons entrusted with the payment of Irish or foreign annuities, shall deliver accounts thereof.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

be certified to them by the said of for special purposes to be necessary to satisfy such exemptions, according to i the best estimate they shall be enabled from time to time i make of the amount thereof, and the residue of the said monies so paid to the said account shall be paid from time to timeintet the said receipt of Exchequer, to the account of duties charged' by this act.

CVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in respect of any of the annuities, dividends, and shares of aa^ nuities, chargeable under Schedule (C.) by the respective coW| missioners for those purposes, it shall not be required to maku an assessment by them for any amount or payment, where tb$ half-yearly payment on such annuities, dividends, or sharo % would or shall not amount to twenty shillings; but -that annuities, dividends, and shares, whereof the half-yearly p; ment shall not amount to twenty shillings, shall be asses accounted for, and charged under the third rule of Schedi (D.), by which profits of an uncertain annual value are direci to be charged: provided also, that no person shall be requii to i!eturn any statement of the profits of such annuities, divide) or shares, as shall he assessed as aforesaid, or be liable to anft penalty for not returning the same; but all such dividends an$ shares, whereof the half-yearly payment shall not amount tj| twenty shillings, and which shall be paid without assessment^" be duly returned in the manner before directed, undti

Special of to make assessment thereon,

shall the penalty before contained.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That every person (othfl| than the governor and company of the bank of England) eit^ trusted with the payment of annuities, or any dividends or shares of annuities payable out of the publick revenue of Ireland^ or of any colony or settlement belonging to the crown of thft United Kingdom, to any person or persons, corporations <$ companies in Great Britain, or acting* therein as agent or igl any other character before described, shall, without further notice or demand thereof, deliver or cause to be delivered into the office for taxes at Somerset House, Middlesex, an account writing containing their names and residence, and a description of the annuities, dividends, and shares entrusted to them fa& payment, within one calendar month after the same shall hauft been required by publick notice in the London Gazette; and also shall, on demand by the inspector authorised for that purpose by any three or more of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, deliver or cause to be delivered to him for the use of the said special of, true and perfect accounts of the amount of annuities, dividends, and shares payable by them respectively, and the special of aforesaid shall make an assessment thereon under Schedule (C.) at the rate b$fote prescribed, subject to diminution on occasion of any exemptions to be allowed by the said special of, giving notice of the amount thereof to the respective persons entrusted with such last mentioned pay ^shall respectively pay

219

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.

duty on the said annuities, dividends, and shares at the rate Wore prescribed, on behalf of the persons, corporations, and toopanies entitled unto the same, out of the monies in their Juntos and they shall be acquitted of such payments in like iaomer, and the like proceedings in all respects shall be had; der the said special of as is before directed in !respect of annuities payable out of the publick revenue of Great tritsiu: provided always, that the persons entrusted with such iftyments shall from time to time pay the duty so assessed Ifttreon into the bank of England to die account to be. ktp: at |Ae bank of England as aforesaid with the Commissioners of the Treasury, and shall be answerable for such payment; and which toy so assessed shall, in default of such payment, be recover-[tWe against die persons entrusted with such payments, as other itoics charged on the parties may be recovered against them; and if any person or persons entrusted with the payment of J&y such last mentioned annuities, or any dividends or shares (rereof in the manner herein mentioned, or acting therein as agent, or in any other character herein described, shall neglect jljrrefuse to deliver an account of his name and residence in the fanner herein directed, or after demand shall neglect or refuse

deliver an account as aforesaid of the amount of such an-jrities, dividends, and shares as he or they is or are entrusted feh the payment of, or in the payment of which he or they toll act as agent, or in any other character herein described, be or they shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds ov^r Sd above the duty chargeable on such annuities, shares, or dividends.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That any interest payable Securities sot of the publick revenue on securities which shall be issued issu5*l at the |*the exchequer, navy, or other publick office, after the tenth navy7other ! day of October next after the passing of this act, by whatever publick office, ! tjames such securities shall be calied, shall be charged to the to be charged rid duties, under the rules contained in Schedule (C.) by the Dommissioners for assessing the profits of offices in the said du e' i echequer, navy, or other office aforesaid, at which the same; toU be made payable, which said of respectively toll execute this act, in relation to the profits arising from I ttdi securities, in like manner as of for the general i purposes of this act are empowered to assess the profits arising ! tom annuities payable oui of the publick revenue in other cases-, and the said of for offices respectively shall appoint assessors and collectors of the said duties arising from such publick securities, from and amongst the officers entrusted toh the payment or discharge of such securities, who shall relatively, at the time of payment or discharge thereof, compute vm duty thereon, and after such computation shall enter the jams in a certificate of assessment, and certify the same to the pdper officer appointed for the payment or discharge of such r. hich officer and officers is and are hereby empowered and detain -said duty, and to pay the same into his

220 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

Majesty's exchequer, in discharge of such assessment; and every person receiving or purchasing any such security in circulation, with current interest thereon, shall be entitled, and is hereby empowered to deduct from such interest the pro^ portion of duty which will become chargeable thereon, in like manner and under the like powers and penalties as may be done in other cases of payment of interest* and as if such current interest was then due and charged to the said duty; and the like computation and assessment shall be made whenever a new security shall be issued in discharge of any former security with interest, or in discharge of interest due on any former security, and the person or persons receiving such new security m exchange for any former security with interest, or for such interest, shall pay to the proper officer, at the time of receiving such new security, the full duty computed on the interest payable on the said former security.

Claims of

CX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all ^made0^0 c^m8 to ^ie e*emprin8 from the said duties or annuities pay-the special able out of t^ie revenue of Great Britain, shall be made to the commission- special of appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, ers, according according to the following rules; videlicet, tules!l0WinS> First.  Every claim shall be made in4 writing, in such form as e the said of for special purposes shall direct, and the said of shall require the same to be verified'On the affidavit of such person or persons as they shall think necessary, such affidavit to be made as before directed in all Cases cognizable before the said of, and they shall have authority to demand and require, from such person or persons as they shall think proper to be examined touching such claim, true answers upon oath, to be made as before directed, to all such questions as they shall think material j in such claim:

Second.  Whenever the said of for Special purposes, or any two or more of them, shall have allowed any such exemption, they shall certify the same to the governor and company of the bank of England, and the certificates of the Said of for special purposes shall be an authority to the said governor and company of the bank of England^ to pay the amount of the sums so certified to the respective.claimants, or to the attornies and agents who shall have been authorised to receive the said annuities* dividends, and shares on behalf of the said claimants:

Third.  Whenever the stock for which arty exemption as aforesaid shall have been obtained, or any part thereof shall be transferred or assigned to any person or persons, corporation, company, or society whatever, the said exemptions Aall cease: provided always, that where the whole of such stock or interest therein shall not be so transferred or assigned, it shall be lawful for the said of, oil such proof as is hereinbefore required on like application for that purpose, to grant a like certificate for the purpose of exempting tho ' remainder

221

Punishing persons pretending that stock is the property of foreigners.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.

remainder of such stock, and so from time to time, so long as any part of the said stock shall continue to be entitled to the said exemption:

Fourth.  The said of* for special purposes shall from time to time cause certificates to be made of the amount of all exemptions so allowed by them, and to be delivered to the King's remembrancer and the said auditor in discharge of the certificates of assessment before directed, and all such certificates shall be admitted at the said receipt of exchequer in discharge of such assessments, and shall be an acquittal to the governor and company of the bank of England lor all payments made under the authority of such certificates.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall, with intention to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, falsely or fraudulently make any claim to be exempted either in his or her own behalf, or any other, from the duty charged on such annuities, or any dividends or shares thereof, contrary to the intent of this act, every such person shall forfeit to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of five hundred pounds, and if such claims shall be made by any person in his or her own behalf, he or she shall moreover be liable to be assessed in treble the duty to be charged on the said annuities and shares at the rate before prescribed.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That the duty hereby granted, including the duty contained in the Schedule marked (D.) as herein recited, and the said additional duties, shall be assessed and charged in one sum under the following rules, which rules shall be deemed and construed a part of this act, and to refer to the said last mentioned duty, as if the same had been inserted under a special enactment.

Schedule (D.)

The said last mentioned duty shall extend to every description of To what the property or profits, which shall not be contained in either of duty extends the said Schedules (A.), (B.), or (C.), and to every description paid^of employment of profit not contained in Schedule (E.), and not' e* specially exempted from the said respective duties, and shall be charged.annually on and paid by the person or persons, bodi^| politick or corporate, fraternities, fellowships, companies, or societies whether corporate or not corporate, receiving or entitled unto the same, his, her, or their executors, administrators,

successors, and assigns respectively.

V

RULES for ascertaining the said last mentioned Duties in the particular Cases herein mentioned.

FintCase.-r--Dutie8 to be charged in respect of any trade, manu- Ruleg for facture, adventure, or concern in the nature of trade, notton- ascertaining tuned i& any ccher Schedule of this act. the duties.

Rules.

1st The duty to be charged in respect thereof shall be computed ffi a sum not less than the full amount Of the balance of the of^uty on y

Recited and additional duties in*Schedule (D.) and rules, deemed part of the act.

222 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65- [1806.

profits or gains of such trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern, upon a fair and just average of three years, ending on such day of the year immediately preceding the year of assessment on which the accounts of the said trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern, shall have been usually made ujp, or on the fifth day of April preceding the year of assessment, and shall be assessed, charged, and paid without other deduction than js herein after allowed: provided always, that in cases where the trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern, shall have been set up and commenced within the said period of three years, it shall be lawful to make the computation for one year on the average of the balance of the profits and gains from the period of first setting up the same: provided also, that in cases where the trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern, shall have been set up and commenced within the year of assessment, it shall be lawful to make the computation according to the rule in the sixth case of this Schedule. To whom the 2d.  The said duty shall extend to every person or persons,

duty extends.

Deductions not to be Allowed.

bodies politick or corporate, fraternities, fellowships, compa* nies, or societies, and to every art, mystery, adventure, or concern carried on by them respectively in Great Britain or elsewhere as aforesaid; except always such adventures or concerns on or about lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages, as are mentioned in Schedule (A.) and directed to be therein charged.

3d.  In estimating the balance of profits and gains chargeable under Schedule (D.) or for the purpose of assessing the duty thereon, no sum or sums shall be set against or deducted from, or allowed to be set against or deducted from, such profits or gains, on account of any sums expended for repairs of premises occupied for the purpose of such trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern, nor for any sum expended by them for the supply, or repairs, or alterations of any implements, or utensils, or articles employed for the purpose of such trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern, beyond the sum usually expended for such purposes according to an average of three years preceding the year in which such assessment shall be made; nor on account of loss not connected wither arising out of such trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern; nor on account of any capital withdrawn therefrom; nor for any sums employed or intended to be employed as capital in such trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern; not for any capital employed in improvement of premises occupied for the purposes of such trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern; nor on account or under pretence of any interest which might have been made on such sums if laid out at interest; nor for any debts, except such debts, or such parts thereof as shall be proved to the satisfaction of the of respectively, to be irrecoverable and desperate, nor for any average loss beyond the actual amount of loss after adjustment; nor for any sum recoverable under an insurance or contract of indemnity.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 223

4th.  In estimating the amount of the profitsnd gains arising No deduction as aforesaid, no deduction shall be made on account of any for annual annual interest, or any annuity or other annual payment pay-intere#u able out of such profits or gains, except the interest of debts due to foreigners not resident in Great Britain, or in any other of his Majesty's dominions.

Second Case.  The Duty to be charged in respect of Prosessions, Employments, or Vocations, not contained in any other Schedule of this Act.

Rules.

1st.  The said duty on employments shall be construed to ex- To what the tend to every employment, by retainer in any character duty whatever, whether such retainer shall be annual, or for a ex en*longer or shorter period; and to all profits and earnings of whatever value, subject only to such exemptions and allowances as aire herein after granted:

A  The duty to be charged shall be computed at a sum not Computation less than the full amount of the balance of the profits, gains, and emoluments of such prosessions, employments, or voca- pro^turns (after making such deductions, and no other, as by this act are allowed) within the preceding year, ending as in the first case, to be paid on the actual amount of such profits or gains, without any deduction, subject to the like provisions as are made in the first case in respect of the period of average, in the cases of sorting up and commencing ach profession, employment, or vocation, within the period herein limited:

Sd.  The third and fourth rules in the first case, shall also Certain rules extend to the profits arising under the second case, as far  is they are applicable.

Rules applying to both the preceding Cases.

1st  In estimating the balance of the profits or gains to be dbrged according to either of the first or second cases, no iowed on first sum or sums shall be set against or deducted from, or allowed and second to be set against or deducted from, such profits or gains for cases.

*ny disbursements or expences whatever, not being money wholly and exclusively laid out or expended for the purposes of such trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern, or of such profession, employment or vocation; nor for any disbursements or expences of maintenance of the parties, their families, or establishments; nor for rent or value of any dwelling-house or domestic offices, or any part of such dwell* iftg'house or domestic offices, except such part thereof as may'be used for the purposes of such trade or concern, not extending the proportion of the said rent or value herein after tnefttioned; nor for any sum expended in any other domestic r private purposes, distinct from the purposes of such trade,

manufacture.

carried on by one person, how to be charged.

persons, how to be charged

manufacture* adventure, or concern, or of such profession, employment, or vocation:

Duty on trade 2d.  The computation of the duty to be charged in respect of

Ptm/vl nn Kir 1*r 1*'  1

any trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern, or any profession, whether carried on by any person singly, or by any One or more persons jointly, or by any corporation, company, fraternity, or society, shall be made exclusive of the profits or gains arising from lands, tenements, or hereditaments, occupied for the purpose of such profession, trade, manufacture, adyenture, or concern:

Doty on trade 3^  The computation of duty arising in respect of any trade earned on by r^r, ^7 6 rr. 7

two or more manufacture^ adventure, or concern, or any profession, earned

on by two or more persons jointly, shall be made and stated jointly and in one sum, and separately and distinctly from any other duty chargeable on the same persons, or either or any of them; and the return of the partner who shall be firot named, in the deed, instrument, or other agreement of copartnership (or where there shall be no such deed, instrument, or agreement, then of the partner who shall be named singly, or with precedence to the other partner or partners, in the usual name, stile, or firm of such copartnership, or where such precedent partner shall not be an acting partner, then of the precedent acting partner) and who shall be resident in Great Britain, (and who is hereby required under the penalty herein contained for default in making any return required by this act, to make such return on behalf of himself and the other partner or partners, whose names and residences shall also be declared in such return) -shall be sufficient authority to charge such partners jointly:provided always, that where no such partner shall be resident in Great Britain, then the statement shall be prepared and delivered by their agent, manager, or factor, resident in Great Britain, jointly for such partners; and such joint assessments shall be made in the partnership, name, stile, firm, or description; and no separate statement shall be allowed in any case of partnership, except for the purposes of the partners separately claiming an exemption or allowance as herein directed, or of accounting for separate concerns; provided that if any partners being entitled to be charged at different rates, or to any exemption or allowance* shall declare the proportions of their respective shares in such profession or concernf in order to a separate assessment for the above purpose, it shall be lawful to charge them separately And respectively at the rate which suen proportions shi& be chargeable with, by virtue of this, act; But if no such brim* be made, then such assessment shall be made jointly, printing to the amount of the profits and gains of such 'partnership: provided also, thatany joint partner in such mpfefioo or concern, which shalKhave been already returned oy such precedent partner, as aforesaid, may return his name and

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65., 225

place of abode, and that he is such partner, without return- 1

ing the amount of duty payable in respect thereof* unless the of respectively shall think proper to require further returns, in which case it shall be lawful for such commissioner^ to requite from etery such partner the like returns, and the like information and evidence, as they are hereby entitled to require from the partner making the return of duty:

ith.  If amongst any persons engaged in any trade, manufac- In ease of ture, adventure, or concern, or in any profession in partner- change of ship together, any change shall take place in any such partnership, either by death or dissolution of partnership as charged on to all or any of the partners, or by admitting any other the profits partner therein before the time of making the assessment, ot antecedent to within the period for which the assessment ought to be made.an*e* Under this act; or if any person shall have succeeded to any trade, manufacture, adventure or concern, or any profession within such respective periods as aforesaid, ft shall be lawful for the said respective of, and they and also the party or parties interested, and every officer acting in the execution of this act, shall compute and ascertain the duty payable in respect of such partnership, or any of such partners, or any person succeeding to such profession, trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern, according to the profits and gains of such" business derived during the respective.periods herein mentioned, notwithstanding such change therein, or succession to such business as aforesaid, unless such, partners or partner, or such person succeeding to such busi-. ness as aforesaid, shall prove, to the satisfaction of the said respective of, that the profits and gains of such business have fallen short or will fall short from some specific cause, to be alledged to them, since such change or succession took place, or by reason thereof:

Ml  Every statement of profits to be charged under this Duties to be.schedule, shall include all and every source and sources so charged in ehtfgeable on the person or persons delivering the same, on ^eptV^j^ btt or there own account, or on account of any other person the same pe or persons j and every person shall be chargeable in respect of the son is engaged whole of such duties in one and the 6ame division, and by the 5n different same of (except in cases where the dame person divers

shall be engaged in different partnerships, or the same per- placet, Con or persons shall be engaged in different concerns relating to trade or manufacture in divers places, in each of which cases a, separate assessment shall be made in respect of each concern, at the place where such concern if singly carried on to be charged as herein directed), and every such statement on the behalf of any other person or persons, for which such person or persons shall be chargeable as acting in any of the characters before described, or on the behalf of any corporation, fellowship, fraternity, company, or society, shall include all and every source and sources chargeable as last Vql. XLVI. jOOgaforesaid,

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. Gfy 184$*

aforesaid, and shall be delivered in th^t division where such person or persons, corporations, fellowships, fraternities, companies, or societies would be chargeable, if acting on his, ner, or their own behalf.

Computation of duty on uncertain profits.

On interest, pot being annual.

On dealers in Cattle, and filers of milk.

Computation of duty from Securities in

fate*'

Computation of duty from 'possessions in Ireland.

Third Case.  The Duty to be charged in respect of Profits of an uncertain annual Value, not charged in Schedule (A.)

1st.  The duty to be charged in respect thereof shall be computed at a sum not less than the full amount of the profits or gains arising therefrom within the preceding year, ending as in the first case, to be paid on the actual amount of such profits or gains, without wny deduction:

2d.  The profits on all securities bearing interest, payable oof of the publick revenue (except securities before directed to be charged under the rules of Schedule C.) and on all discounts, and on all interest of money, not being annual interest payable or paid by any persons whatever, shall be charged according to the preceding rule in this case:

3d.  Whenever the of shall, on examination, find that any lands occupied by a dealer in cattle, or by a dealer in or seller of milk, (which lands shall have been estimated and charged on the rent or annual value,) are not sufficient for the keep and sustenance of the cattle brought on the said lands, so that the rent or annual value % of the said lands can- not afford a just estimate of the profits of such dealer, it shall be lawful for the said of to require a return of such profits, and to charge such further sum thereon, as, together with the charge in respect of the occupation of the Said lands, shall make up the full sum wherewith such trader ought to be charged in respect of the like amount of profits charged according to the first rule in this case.

Fourth Case  The Duty to be charged in respect of Interest arising from Securities in Ireland, or in die British Plantations in America, or in any other of his Majesty's Dominions out of Great Britain, and Foreign Securities, except such Annuities, Dividends and Stives, payable out of the Revenue of Ireland, as are directed to be charged under Schedule (C.) of this Act.

The Duty to be charged in respect thereof shall be computedj on a sum not less than the whole and just sum and susns(s far as the same can be computed) which have been or wii be received in Great Britain in the current year, without so Reduction or abatement.

i

Fifth Case.  The duty to be charged in respect of Foh sessions in Ireland, or in the British Plantations ii America, or in any other of his Majesty's Domufiom out of Great Britain, and Foreign Possessions.

The duty t# be charged in respect thereof shall be competed

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 147

at not less than the full amount of the actual sums annually

received in Great Britain, either for reitlittances from thence

payable in Great Britain, or from property imported from

thence into Great Britain, or from money or value received

in Great Britain, and arising from property which shall not

have been imported into Great Britain, or from money or

value so received on credit, or oa account in respect of such

remittances! property, money, or value, brought or to be

brought into Great Britain, computing the same on an average

of the three preceding years, as directed in the first case,

without deduction or abatement.

Sixth Case.  The Duty to be charged in respect of any Computation annual Profits or Gains not falling Under any of theofduty<w foregoing Rules, and not charged by virtue t of any of pr0|^n the other Schedules contained in this Act.

The nature of such profits or gains, and the grounds on which the amount thereof shall have been computed, and the average taken thereon (if any), shall be stated to the of, and the computation shall be made either on the amount of the full value of the profits and gains received annually, or according to an average of such period, greater Or less than one year, as the case may require, and as shall be directed by the said of; and such statement and computation shall be made to the best of the knowledge and belief of the person or persons in receipt of the same, or entitled thereto.

CXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Persons carry-

nothing herein contained shall be (Construed to restrain any LngJ?nw0- ., .11, 1 or more con-

person or persons carrying on, either solely or m partnership, cern8 may.

two or more distinct trades, manufactures, adventures, or con- the loss sus-

cems in the nature of trade, the profits whereof are made tained in one,

chargeable under the rules of Schedule (D.), from deducting or proi^uacquir-

setting against the profits acquired in one or more of the said id in the other

Concerns, the excess of the loss or losses sustained in any other concern.

of the said concerns over and above the profits thereof* in such

Banner as may be done under this act where a loss shall be

+deducted from the profits of the same concern, or to restrain any of such persons from making separate statements thereof; or to restrain any such person or persons renting a dwelling-house part whereof shall be used by him, her, or them, for the purposes of any trade or concern, or any profession hereby charged, from deducting or setting off from the profits of such trade, concern, or profession, such sum not exceeding two third parts of the rent bona fide paid for such dwelling-house, with the appurtenances as the said respective of shall on due consideration allow; and the respective of

dm8 have authority to allow such deductions as in other cases,

md to assess such person or persons accordingly.

CX3V. And be it further enacted, That upon all annuities, Chargingwith

yearly interest of money, or other annual payments, whether

Q 2 such

ed liable to deduction.

tz8 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [tSo6

not otherwise guch payments shall be payable* within or out of Great Britain, charged. either as a charge on any property of the person or persons paying the same by virtue of any deed or will or otherwise, or as a reservation thereout, or as a personal debt or obligation by virtue of any contract, or whether the same shall be received and payable half yearly, or at any shorter or more distant periods, there shall be charged for every twenty shillings of the annual amount thereof the rum of two shillings without deduction, according to and under and subject to the provisions by Interest from which the duty in the third case of Schedule (D.) may be profits charg-charged; provided that in every case where the same shall be payable out of profits or gains brought into charge by vit* tue of this act, no assessment shall be made upon the person entitled to such annuity, interest, or other annual payment, but the whole of such profits or gains shall be charged with duty on the person liable to such annual payment without distmguisinng such annual payment* and the person so liable ID make such annual payment, whether out of the profits or gains charged with duty, or out of any annual payment- liable to deduction, or from which a deduction hath been made, shall be audio-vised to deduct out of such annual payment at the rate of two shillings for every twenty shillings of the amount thereof (except where the payment is to be made in respect of any annuity or annuities described in the schedule of particulars herein after set forth, and the party shall produce a certificate of exemption or allowance as hereintefore is mentioned, authority ing a deduction at a lower rate, or exempting the payment on such deduction), and the person or persons to whom such pay* merits are to be made as are liable to deduction (except such annuities as aforesaid, to an amount subject to exemption of allowance), shall allow such deduction, at the full rate of doty hereby directed to be charged upon the receipt of the residue of such money, and under the penalty herein after contained, and the person charged to the said duties, having made such de duction, shall be acquitted and discharged of so much money as such deduction shall amount, unto, as if the amount thereof had actually been paid unto the person or persons to whom such payment shall have been due and payable) and the person otf persons, to whom such annuities subject to allowances are St pe paid, shall allow such deduction as remains to be made after granting the allowance before authorised upon the receipt of the residue of such annuity under the like indemnity as aforesaid t but in every case where any annual payment as aforesaid ahaB* by reason of the same being charged on any property or security r'J n '*'sk plantations, or in any other of fail

t any foreign property or foreign seen* rity, or otherwise, be received or receivable without any such

All other interest to be _ __________

*n or in the British plantations, or in any other of hah

(' Majesty's dominions, or on any foreign property or fu

rity* or otherwise, be received or receivable without any deduction as aforesaid, and in every case where any such payment shall be made from profits or gains not charged by tins act, or where any interest of money shall not be reserved or charged pi payable for the period of one year, then and in every

sou

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 2*9

such case, there shall be charged upon such interest, annuity, or

other annual payment as aforesaid, the duty before mentioned,

iccording to and under and subject to the several and respective

provisions by which the duty in the third case of Schedule (D.)

maybe charged: provided always, that where any creditor on Interest secu-

any rates or assessments not chargeable by this act as profits, red n [ateft

shall be entitled to such interest, it shall be lawfoj to charge the on the Officer

proper officer having the management of the accounts with the managing the

duty payable on such interest, and every such officer shall be accounts.

answerable for doing all acts, matters, and things necessary to -

a due assessment of the said duties and payment thereof as if

Inch rates or assessments were profits chargeable under this act,

and such officer shall be in like manner indemnified for all such acts as if the said rates and assessments were chargeable.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall Penalty on

refuse to allow any deduction authorised to be made by this act !hc

r 3 c, r .*, deduction*,

out of any payment of annual interest of money lent, or other

debt bearing annual interest, whether the same be secured by mortgage or otherwise, shall forfeit for every such offence treble the value of such principal money or debt; and if any person shall refuse to allow any deduction authorised to be made by this act out of any rent or other annual payment merijdoned iit the ninth and tenth rules of No. IV. Schedule (A.), or out of any annuity or annual payment mentioned in Schedules (C.) or (L)or in the next preceding clause, save such annual interest Z9 aforesaid, every such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and all contracts, covenants, and agreements made or entered into, or to be made or entered into for payment of any interest* rent, or other annual payment aforesaid in full, without allowing such deduction as aforesaid, shall be utterly void.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be Deductionson proved to the satisfaction of the said respective of payment of acting for the purposes of this act in the district where any per- interest of son making the application shall reside, that any interest of ^er pay-money, annuity, or other annual payment, shall be annually paid ments from out of the profits and gains bond side accounted for and charged profits chaig*

7 virtue of this act at the rate and according to the rules spe-

cified in Schedule (D.) without any deduction on account^thereof, it shall be lawful for such of to grant virtue of a 1 certificate thereof, under their hands or the hands of any two certificate, of them, in such form as shall be directed under the authority of this act, which certificate shall entitle the person so assessed, upon payment of such interest, annuity, or other annual payment, to abate and deduct so much thereof as a like rate on such interest, annuity, or other annual payment, >vould amount unto; and all persons to whom such interest, annuity, or other annual nyment shall be paid, shall allow such deductions and payments upon receipt of the residue of such interest, annuity, or other annual payment; and die person or persons paying the same shall be acquitted and discharged of so much money as a like rate the Teon would amount unto, as if^ she same had

actually

as

V

lOX

In what districts the duties are to be charged.

*30 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. '[1806.

actually been paid unto the person or persons to whom such interest, annuity, or other annual payment, shall have been due and payable; provided no such certificate shall be required where such payments are to be made out of the profits or gains arising from lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages, as before mentioned, or of any office or employment of profit, or out of any annuity, pension, stipend, or any dividend or share in such public annuities as are herein mentioned: but such de, ductions may be made without having obtained such certificate.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That every person, being a householder (except persons engaged in any trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern, or any profession, employment, or vocation), shall be charged to the said last mentioned duties by of acting for the parish or place where his or her dwelling house shall be situate; and all and every person or persons engaged in any trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern, or any profession, employment, or vocation, shall be chargeable by the respective of acting for the parish or place where such trade, manufacture, advent ure* or concern shall be carried on, or where such profession, employment, or vocation shall be exercised, whether such trade, manufacture, adventure, qr concern shall be carried on, or such profession, employment, or vocation shall be exercised wholly, or in pah only, in Great Britain, or whether such person or persons shall be engaged in one only or more of such concerns, except where the same person or persons shall be engaged in different concerns, and a loss from one concern shall be set off or deducted from the profits of another concern 5 and every person not being a householder, nor engaged in any trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern, nor in any profession, employment, or vocation, who shall have any place of ordinary residence, shall be charged by the of acting for the parish or place where he or she shall ordinarily reside; and every person, not hereinbefore described, shall be charged by the of acting for the parish or place where such person shall reside at the time of beginning to execute this act by giving such general notices as are herein mentioned, or shall first come to reside after the time for giving such general notices; and every such charge made in such parish or place shall be valid and effectual notwithstanding the subsequent removal of the person so charged Declaration to from the parish or place; and, in order that the place where the be delivered said last mentioned duties are to be charged may be ascertained] of the place every person is hereby required, on the delivery of any list oi char^ableJ* statement as aforesaid, at the same time to deliver a declaration in writing signed by him or her declaring in what place he or she is chargeable, and whether he or she is engaged in any tradej manufacture, adventure, or concern, or in any profession, employment, or vocation, or riot, and if he or she shall he so engaged in any trade, manufacture, adventure, ' or concern, oi, any profession, employment, or vocation, also declaring the place or places where the saxne shall be carried on or /excta$a!$

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. tgi

ind the particular concern, profession, or employment, in which he, she, or they shall be engaged in such place in Great Britain, whether wholly in Great Britain, or in part only as aforesaid; provided, that where any trade shall be carried on in Great Britain by the manufacture of goods, wares, or merchandize, the assessment thereon shall be at the place of manufacture, although the sales of such goods, wares, or merchandize shall be in cage80p elsewhere: provided always, that every person not being engaged persons not in any trade, manufacture, adventure, ot concern, or in any engaged, in profession, employment, or vocation, having two or more houses tra(*e having or places at which he or she shall be ordinarily resident, where1" shall be charged at such of the parishes or places Wherein the the duties are said dwelling house is situate, in which he or she shall be or- to be charged* dinarily resident at the time of beginning to execute this act, in relation to the said last mentioned duties, by giving such general notices as are herein mentioned, or in which he or she shall first come ordinarily to reside after giving such general notices: provided always, that the duty to be assessed by virtue Possessions, its of this act, in respect of the profits or gains arising from pos- Ireland how t^ Sessions or securities in Ireland upon any person resident in be assessed* t Great Britain as aforesaid (except the profits and gains arising from public annuities, dividends, and shares of annuities payable out of the revenue of Ireland to any persons, corporations, or ! companies in Great Britain, for which other provisions are herein i made, and which duty shall have been assessed and charged according to the said provisions), may be stated to and assessed by the respective of acting for the respective places where the persons receiving, or entitled unto the same, shall reside; and if the same shall be received by any agent, attorney, or factor, such agent, attorney, or factor shall make such return

of the name and place of abode of the person entitled thereto, as is herein required to be made of other persons of full age resident in Great Britain, or if not of full age, shall be answerable for doing all acts, matters, and things as shall be required by this act to be done in order to the assessing such profits to the said last mentioned duties, and paying the same: provided Persons nof also, that the respective persons holding offices in Ireland, or holding ofticA

serving in parliament, who shall or may be exempted from in

r v r resident m

any duties under the management of the commissioners for Great Britain*

the affairs of taxes shall, under the like circumstances under as such to be

which such exemptions are to be claimed, be chargeable to chargeable a*

r  tte duties under this act in like manner only as subjects of his Majesty residing out of Great Britain: provided also, that the Great Britain*

duty to bp assessed by virtue of this act in respect of the profits Duties onpra*

or pins arising from foreign possessions or foreign securities, fits of foreign

onn the British plantations in America, or in any other of his or CQl.nial

Majesty's dominions, may be stated to and assessed by the J^Jriri!^8

respective of acting for the respective places herein- where to h$

after mentioned; videlicet, London, Bristol, Liverpool, and Glas- charged*

yw, according to the regulations herein after mentioned, as

such duty had been assessed upon the profits or gains arising

$z Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 6j.

from trade or manufacture carried on in such place? respecthrdn and such duty shall he stated to and assessed and charged of the of acting for such of the said places at or neaiftt to which, such property shall have been nrst imported into? Great Britain, or at or nearest to which the person who ab$*| have received such remittances, money, or value from then#? .* and arising from property not imported as aforesaid, shall reside |*and in default of the owner or proprietor thereof being charge*the trustee, agent, or receiver of such profits or gains, shall H^charged for the same, and shall he answerable for the doiflp^all such acts, matters, and things as shall be required by thift i) act to be done, in order to the assessing such profits to tb? y duties granted by this act, and paying the same, whether person or persons to wfiom the said profits belong shall be resident in Great Britain or not.

Statements to

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every person i|; be delivered having two residences, or carrying on any trade or trades, Of ft exerc*sing any profession or professions in different places, of in any place different from the place of his or her ordinaryj*residence, shall, if required by the respective of, deliver at each such parish or place the like lists, declarations, and statements as he or she is hereby required to deliver in thM parish or place where such person ought to be charged, but f Of profits shall not be liable to any double charge oy reason thereof j and I chargeable ay ]; gts, declarations, and statements containing the amount of ft duleC(D.C) to Profits chargeable under Schedule (D.), shall or may be de* I be delivered livered sealed up, if superscribed with the name and place of t undersea!, 'abode of, or place of exercising the profession, or carryingm I trade by the person by whom the same shall have been made* i m to the respective persons, and in manner herein directed.*,

Additional

CXIX. And be it Further enacted, That all statements of 1 commission- profits and gains described in Schedule (JD.) shall be laid be- ft stat^ents, CT ^ore t^ie several and respective additional of in thrift is, and make*respective districts, or the commissioners for general purposesassessments acting as additional of in pursuance of this act, wta j on.J"ch as shall appoint meetings within their respective districts, for^atittactory. jj] statements then and from time to time to be delivered.

to them into consideration, within a reasonable time after the -i inspector or surveyor shall have had the examination of such t < statements \ and in qase the said additional of fe spectively shall be satisfied that any such statement hath been -bond side made according to the provisions of this act, and for, as to enable the of to charge the person or persons returning the same with the full duties with which he, she, or they ought to be charged on account thereof, or more, and is case no information shall be given to the taid of of, the insufficiency thereof, or no objection shall be made thereto by the inspector or surveyor which he is hereby empowered for I make for sufficient cause, the said of shall dist# an assessment to be made of flie duties chargeable on sp^h statement by virtue of this aqt.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.

CXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where the feistyor or inspector shall apprehend the determination made^said of to be contrary to the true intent and a*ing of this act, and shall then declare himself dissatisfied pi&iach determination, it shall and may be lawful for such ^tmybr or inspector to require the said of to state ^paty, and sign the case upon which the question arose, fogs&tr with their determination thereupon, which case the f4 of, or the major part of them then present, tysjttreby required to state and sign accordingly, and to cause lame to be by him transmitted to the commissioners for purposes for the same district; who are hereby re- with all convenient speed, to return an answer to the k, so transmitted, with their opinion thereon subscribed; according to which opinion so certified, the assessment shall have been the cause of such appeal shall be altered OMifirmed.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That in every instance in ' ' any person shall have made default in the delivery of^statement, such person not haying been otherwise charged the said last mentioned duties, or if the said additional com-shall not be satisfied with the statement delivered Wf person or persons, or any objection shall be made thereto*inspector or surveyor, -(which he and they is and are authorised and required to do in writing, setting forth lame and causes thereof whenever he or they shall see suf-cause) or the said additional of shall have any information of the insufficiency of any statement, mid additional of, or any two or more of them, " make an assessment on such person in such sum as ac-jg to the best of their judgement, ought to be charged on llpetsons by virtue of this act, which assessment shall be^to pi appeal, according to the directions herein after

{SX1L And be it further enacted, That whenever the a<ldi-. of shall think it proper to refer any statement of for general purposes, without making any thereon, it shall be lawful for them so to do on de-v to them the case in writing relative to such statement, l^lfsime shall appear to them, with any matter in question them, either as to law or fact, and the said commis-fov general purposes shall proceed to inquire into the of such statement, in like manner as they would have thereby authorised to do in case the said additional corn-had made an assessment on such statement, and the had appealed against such assessment.

And be it further enacted, That the inspector or being sworn as aforesaid, shall and may at all season-inspect and examine any assessment which shall be I'tat aforesaid, before the delivery thereof to the com-3*ibr general purposes $ and in case he shall discover

any

*33

Where the

surveyor is dissatisfied with an assess* ment, he may state a case.

When no

statement, or no sufficient statement, is returned, the additional of to make an assessment

according to the best of their judgement.

Additional of may refer statements to commission era for the purposes of the act.

Inspector and surveyor may examine.assessments, and erroneous assessments may be

amended on their certifi*

vejoi state his objections to

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. t. 65. [1806.

any error in the same, which in his f judgement shall amendment, he shall certify the same to the said commissioners by whom the assessment shall have been and <he said additional of, upon sufficient being shewn to them, shall amend the same as in their ment the case shall require.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every where the surveyor or inspector shall object to the amoui assessments in ^utT c^argec^ an7 assessment by additional comi writing, and which ne is hereby empowered to do in each and ev to give notice upon sufficient cause, he shall state such objection to foth? party, ditional of of the district, in writing as befott* rected, who, or any two or more of them, shall thereupon the same to the commissioners for general purposes in district, together with the reasons for making such and any information they shall have obtained respecting same; and the said surveyor or inspector shall also give potice thereof to the party assessed, as he is required t the said several recited acts respectively, in cases of sui in order that the party so charged may be at liberty to aj before the said of for general purposes, in suj of such assessment.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said act of shall cause certificates of assessments to made out from time to time as the same shall be comj distinguishing the ward, parish, or place within their re districts, for which each such assessment shall be made, contain the names and surnames of the parties charged, the sums which they respectively ought to pay by virtue of act, and shall cause such certificates to be entered in t provided for that purpose, according to such forms as sits transmitted to them by the commissioners for the affiors^ taxes; and they or any two or more of them shall from time sign the 6ame, and from time to time deliver th So entered and signed to the commissioners for general pi in the same district under coyer sealed up, and shall also the statements returned to them by the party or parties sei sessed, or by the assessors relating to such assessments, -- delivered at the same time to the said of for ge purposes; provided that no assessment made by additional missioners or persons acting as such shall be delivered ti respective parties; until the expiration of fourteen days aftef'jjl assessment so signed as aforesaid shall have been delivered the commissioners for general purposes* or the persons as such, and the inspector or surveyor shall haye had thereof.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any persOd SSl*1 to aP think him or herself aggrieved by any assessment made b additional of as aforesaid, or by any objf^ such assessment made by any surveyor or inspector as it shall be lawful for hbn or Her respectively to

conuaisSiM)

Additional of to deliver certificates of assessments.

fteraons ag-

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65I35

+commissioners for general purposes in the same district where such assessment was made, on giving ten days notice thereof to the assessor, surveyor, or inspector; and all appeals to be made in pursuance of this act, shall be heard and determined by the respective of acting for general purposes for the same district where the cause of appeal arose, and not otherwise.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the of For fixing thq for general purposes shall from time to time appoint daye for time for receiving appeals as soon after any assessments shall be re- ^"6 aP* turned to them by the additional of as conveniently P can be done, and the assessors shall cause notice thereof to be pTen to the respective appellants, and the meetings of the commissioners for that purpose shall be held from -time to time within the time limited by the said of, with or without adjournment $ and no appeal shall be received after the time limited by the said of, except on the ground of diminution of income as herein mentioned: provided always, that if any person shall be prevented from absence, sickness, or Other reasonable cause to be allowed by the said of, from making or proceeding upon his appeal within the time so limited, it shall be lawful for the said of to give further time for that purpose, or to admit the same to be made fty any agent, clerk, or servant, on the behalf of such appellant.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in order that all Notice to be

P?als upon such last mentioned assessments may be deter- given of the ed in due time, the said of shall cause a general ^iarine ce to be stuck up in their office, or left with the clerk of appals, and the of, and also to be affixed on the door of the fixed on dmrch or chapel of such parish or place, or of some adjoining church doors* jttrish or place in cases requiring the same by reason of any such place having no church or chapel, limiting the time of hearing all appeals, and which shall be limited to be heard within a reasonable time after the cause of appeal shall have ^risen; and no appeal shall be heard after the time in such notice to be limited, unless the appeal shall be made on behalf frf any person or persons who shall be absent out of the realm,

'or prevented by sickness from attending in person in the time'so to be limited, in which cases it shall be lawful for the said of to postpone such appeals from time to time, or jjo admit other proof than the oath or affirmation of the party, of the truth of the several matters required by this act to be proved by the oath or affirmation of the party.

CXJUX. And be it further enacted, That upon the receiving On appeal,

jjotice of any appeal against any assessment made as last afore- ?d when ob-said, and also in every case where the commissioners for ge-^y the survey, pend purposes, or the major part of them present, shall see or is allowed, cause to allow the objection of auch surveyor or inspector to the commia-v such assessment, the said of shall direct their pre- "oners to re-Kjfi to the person or persons appealing, to return to them, 2U{^aSC intta the time limited in such precept, a schedule comaining* such

Surveyor may object to statement* in schedule, giving notice to the party.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. t1*0

such particulars as the said of shall demand the authority of this act for their information, either felfgetihj the particulars of the property of such person or ptnaMf) 4 respecting the trade, manufacture, adventure, or concerntidp nature of trade, carried on by such person or persons, tr m profession, employment, or vocation exercised bf4uck or persons, and the amount of the balance of the pfoufealg gains of such person or persons, distinguishing the 'amounts derived from each separate source before i or respecting the particulars of the deductions from any profits or gams made in such statements or schedules, an the s&id of are hereby empowered and required demand at their discretion, whenever the same shall appear them necessary for the purposes mentioned in this act, ad. from time to time until a complete schedule to the satisfacA of the said of of all the particulars required them shall be delivered; and every such precept being defivu to or left at the last or usual place of abode of the person persons to whom the same shall be directed, shall be bind* upon such person and persons according to the exigency such precept*or in case such person or persons shall hare moved from the jurisdiction of the of, or cannot found, or his, her, or their place of abode shall not be knot then upon fixing such precept on the door of the church the place where the of shall meet in the e tof this act, or fixing up the same in their office, such s shall also be binding upon such person or persons according the exigency thereof; and such person or persons shall the return required by the said of within the limited in such precept, under the penalty in this act coni and subject to such charge as the said of are i authorised to make in such case, to which schedule any in$[ or surveyor sworn as aforesaid, shall have free access at all Somble times, and shall take such copies thereof, or of parts thereof, or extracts from the same, as he shall t necessary for the due execution of this act,

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be la1 for the inspector or surveyor sworn as aforesaid, within a sonable time to be allowed by the said of for ret purposes, after he shall have had the examination of such sdte^ doles, to object to the same, or any part thereof, and to Such objections in writing, and the cause efr causes thereof tfctj the best of his knowledge or information; and the said surveys dr inspector shall, in every ease of objecting to such schedoky deliver a notice in writing of such objection to the party mi parties to be charged, or leaver the same at his, her, or theirfcit Or usual place of abode respectively, under cover, sealed % and directed to such party, m order that such party or pir0 % may be at liberty to appeal from the same to the said coaUHk, Stoners as herein is directed: provided always, that no aajftip*,

men* shall be confirmed, not any alteration therein be awe,

3iti; bToooogrr

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 237

until the appeal upon such objection or assessment shall be beard and determined according to the directions of this act.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if upon receiving Commission-the objections of such surveyor or inspector to any schedule, ers over-said of, or the major part of them present at

r, 'r y 1 1 tlOP, or sat!8-

nj meeting for the purpose of taking such objections into ficti with tjje ideration, shall see cause to disallow such objections, or if assessment or epon hearing of any such appeal as aforesaid the said cominis- schedule, may oners shall be satisfied with the assessment made by the ad- thl or donal of, or after delivery of a schedule they shall assessment satisfied therewith, and shall have received no information accordingly, the insufficiency thereof, the said of for general trposes shall direct such assessment to be confirmed, or altered according to such schedule as the case may require; provided, that in every case where they shall think proper that the said otement on which the additional of made their assessment, or the schedule delivered to the commissioners for general purposes should be verified, they shall direct the assessor or assessors to give notice thereof to the person or persons be charged with the said duties, and to appear before them & verify the same in the manner herein after mentioned; and r'ery such person to whom such notice shall be given, shall - 'id he is hereby required to appear before the said commis-kimers for general purposes and on oath or solemn affirmation -j aforesaid, to verify the contents of his, her, or their statement w schedule, and to sign and subscribe the same with his or her proper name; and which oath or affirmation shall be, that the stents of such statement or schedule are true to the best of his or her judgement or belief, and that the same contains the; lit balance of the profits and gains arising from the source or itfUTces therein contained, after making such deductions as are therein stated $ and that no deduction or deductions whatever than such as are therein stated, have been made from the profits or gains accounted for, and to such amount only as is therein rated: provided always, that such person shall be at liberty tomend such statement or schedule, before he or she shall be required to take such oath or affirmation; and after such oath or affirmation, and in every case where such statement or schedule shall not have been objected to as aforesaid, and the said '^tumissioners shall be satisfied therewith, they shall make an j'sessment according to such statement or schedule on the -rnount therein stated, at which the duty therein shall have born computed; and every such assessment made after verification of such statement or schedule, shall be final and conclusive as to the matters contained in such statement or sche* dale.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Commission* commissioners for general purposes shall be dissatisfied with any'ers m.a>' Pyt wsessment returned by the additional of to them, or m

with any schedule delivered to them, or shall require further in- toud ing any fcrtfuition respecting the same, or either of them, or any part assessment or

thereof, schedules,

38

and receive

answers*

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 6j. [tfcffj

thereof, it shall be lawful for the said of to put andj question or questions touching such assessment, or the < of such schedule, or any of them, or touching any of the which ought to be contained therein, or any sums whiehAel have been set against or deducted from the profits or gams !* \ estimated in such assessment or schedule, and the partittt* thereof in wr jting, and to demand an answer accordingly ftpri such person or persons, signed by him, her, or them, and soIm time to time, whenever the said of shall think* same necessary; and shall from time to time issue their pnoi or precepts, requiring true and particular answers to be given such questions, within seven days after the issuing of sucEft cept or precepts, and every such person shall make true particular answers in writing signed by him or her to

auestions within the time limited by such precept, or shall v le like period tender him or herself before the said commissions for general purposes, to be examined by them viva voce to fi matters; and every person required to make such answers appearing before the sai<l of to be examined as a jni or as the clerk, agent, or servant of such party, as herein is m tioned, shall be permitted to give his or her answers, either writing as aforesaid, or viva voce, without having taken any m or affirmation, and shall be at liberty to object to any quaH and peremptorily to refuse answering the same; and the* stance of such answer or answers as he, or she, shall give voce, shall, in his or her presence, be reduced into writing^! ' read to him or her, and he or she shall be at liberty to alter part thereof, and also to alter or amend any particular in his or her answers in writing, or in any schedule or dedaratii before he or she shall be called upon to verify the same hi manner herein directed; and every such schedule shall be oka or amended, as shall seem requisite, after such enquiry or amination.

Comnafcaion- CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be law!

era for general for the said of for general purposes in every cm

7IaJ case as aforesaid, whenever' the said of shall tU call upon the, '.

party to verify the same necessary, to require such person or persons upon v

their answers any assessment hath been made by the additional commissiM

with which the said of for general purposes ased

satisfied, or from whom such schedules or answers in writing

aforesaid have been received, with which the said commitsfoni

are dissatisfied, to appear and verify the same, and upon a]

ance of such person or persons, to permit him or them to a

amend the same, and thereupon to administer to such person

persons the oath or affirmation herein after mentioned, and

require any person or persons who shall have been examined

voce before them, to verify his, her, or their examination oat*

oath or affirmation, which oaths or affirmations any one of M

of the said of is and are hereby empowered to*

minister, and which oath or affirmation respectively shall be, dn

the contents of the statements or schedule# are true to the best!

on examination upon oath*

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 6f.

lii or their knowledge and belief, and contain a full and true of the balance of all the profits and gains of the deponent tents chargeable by this act, to the best of his or her know-and belief, and of all and every deduction made from his or 'profits or gains in adjusting such balance, or that the contents ([all such answers in writing as shall have been returned to the 1 of by him or them, as the same are then stated,

' it the contents of his or her examination, as the same have reduced into writing, are true; and every such oath or ition shall be subscribed by the party taking the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful May summo* idte said of for general purposes to summon in like witnesses stad any person or persons whom they shall think able to give nnoftoath. e or testimony respecting the assessment made or to be on any such person or persons, to appear before them to be ned, and to examine all such persons who shall so, appear them on oath or affirmation (except the clerk, agent, or it, of the person or persons to be charged, or other person entially entrusted or employed in the affairs of such party or Ho be charged, and who snail respectively be examined in same manner, and subject to the same restrictions as are eiabefore provided for the viva voce examination of any party irt}es touching the assessments to be charged on him, her, or i), which oath or affirmation any one or more of the said com-ioiners is and are hereby empowered to administer, and which for affirmation shall be, that the testimony or evidence to be by him, her, or them, shall contain the whole truth, and Bg nut the truth, in respect of the matter in question concem-[ which such evidence or testimony is to be given; and every*oath or affirmation shall be subscribed by the persons taking Hanje.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That if the said commis- Commission-

for general -purposes, or any two or more of them, or the er8 agreeing

part of them present, after hearing all such appeals as shall to mak* an _ j r .., c^b rr j i i assessment on

depending before them, or upon any objection made by the the schedule

" ictor or surveyor to any such last mentioned assessment or may do so, but

lule, whether such enquiry or examination as aforesaid shallin certain

taken place or not, shall agree to make an assessment ac-

r, .., .sioners may

ing to the statement or statements contained in the said mafce an

lule as the same shall have been returned, or altered, or assessment

upon appeal as aforesaid, they shall direct an assess- according to

to be made of the duties chargeable on the statement or ^tJ which

its contained in the said schedule, at the rate contained shall be finaL

is act $ and if the said of shall think proper to

ia verification of the said schedule, they shall give notice

E in manner aforesaid to the party or parties to appear

them to verify the said schedule: and such verification

be made by the party or parties in such manner, and such

nents thereupon shall be made as hereinbefore directed,

assessments shall be final and conclusive as aforesaid; but

Aeverthelesq*

V

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.

nevertheless, m every instance where any person shall have perfected or refused to return such schedule according thine exigency of the precept of the of; or if any cfei, agent, or servant of such party as aforesaid, being sumppooed, snail have neglected or refused to appear befoye the commissiafMri to be examined, or if such patty, his or her clerk, agent, or servant as aforesaid, shall have declined to answer any qu$tiei put to him or her by the said of in writing, or*itoce; or where the schedule delivered shall have been obj< to as aforesaid, and such objection shall not have been app against within such reasonable time as is directed by this act;

where any person being required so to do, shall have neglected

refused to verify his or her statement or schedule, orbs her answers or examination iri writing; ot where the cosung, sioners'shall agree as aforesaid to allow the objections or anyc them, made by such surveyor or inspector, it shall be lawful fi the said of, and they are hereby required in every ttif base, according to the best of their judgement, to settle ant s Certain in what-sums such persons ought to be charged, and knake an assessment accordingly, which assessment shall be and conclusive.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every case khe said of for general purposes shall have made of Increased assessment upon the amount contained in the stafegM to schedule of the party to be charged, or shall at any pjl during the continuance of this act, discover that any incfej# part^wYth the ^ght to be made, whether uporvthe surcharge of the surveyor# penalty, not Inspector, or from his or their information, or otherwise, ifs&ff exceeding be lawful for them to charge such person or persons in a sum^t exceeding double the amount by which the duties shall have Bell increased, (that is to say) where the party or parties shall ha# refused or neglected to deliver any statement or schedule, tW in a Sum not exceeding double the amount of the sum wiud according to the rate prescribed in Schedule (D.) such pCrsofcjft the judgement of the said of, ought to be charged^ to be added to the assessment, and applied as directed by in other cases of Increased assessments; and in case a statelet to schedule shall have been so delivered, then in a surt not exceeding double the amount beyond the amount contained insucft Statement to schedule, unless such person or persons shall ift every stich Case make it appear that the omission complained it did not proceed from any fraud, covin, att, or contrivance, oraof gross or Wilful neglect.

CXXXVIII. And be it fuTthet enacted, That if any person Yetjuired so td do by the respective of for gehtnl liver sche- - shall refuse to neglect to make out and deliver anf

dules or at- Schedule tb the person to persons to whom the same ought ip

tend summons delivered In pursuance of this act, or shall refuse or negl^ ip of commis- appear before the said Commissioners to verify upon, oam r stoners. affirmation before Such of any statement or pcwfifc <fey him or her delivered within the time or times limited, or lobe

limited

Where an assessment shall be increased, the of may charge the

double the Amount.

Penalty on persons neglecting to de-

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. $5. 241

limited by such of respectively in pursuance of this act, every such person so offending, shall, for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, aijd doable the duty at which such petsou ought to be assessed^ tole recovered as any penalty may be recovered under the said 'jerited acts respectively.

L CXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Schedules

I'jf any person who shall have delivered a statement or schedule, may he kb0 discover any omisision or wrong statement therein, it shall amen<ic*

4c lawful for such person to deliver an additional statement or'schedule, rectifying such omission or wrong statement; andtoch person shall not afterwards be subject to any proceeding upon this act, by reason of such omission or wrong statement;

wdif any person shall not have delivered a statement or schedule nritfon the time limited by the commissioners for that purpose, shall be lawful for such person to, deliver a statement or lule, in manner herein directed, at any time before a pro* ng shall be had to recover the penalty herein mentioned, no proceeding shall be afterwards had for recovering such Ity; and if any proceeding shall have been actually had e the commissioners for recovering such penalty, it shall lawful for the of before whom such proceedings ill be commenced, on due proof to their satisfaction that no tttd or evasion whatever was intended, to stay such proceed* either on the terms of paying, or without paying the costs incurred, as the of shall think fit; and if any ledings shall have been commenced in any court, it shall lawful for such of to certify, that in their judge- ,

at no fraud or evasion was intended by the party making: h omission; and it shall be lawful for any judge in such Jcourt, on a summary application, to stay such proceedings on Jich terms as aforesaid, as he shall think fit; or if such person rfall have delivered an imperfect statement or schedule, and give to the of a sufficient reason why a perfect Vltttement or schedule cannot be delivered, the said commis-, being satisfied therewith, shall give further time, and horn time to time, for the delivery of such statement or iule; and such person shall not be liable to any penalty for having delivered such statement or schedule within the % oe before limited, in case such person shall have delivered fa perfect a statement or schedule, as, from the nature of the fate, he or she was enabled to give, and so from time to time long as the of shall grant further time as aforesaid.

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if within or at Abatement ftfcend of the year current at the time of making any assessment ? account of trader this act, or at the end of any year when such assess* j^me^hbw Taeat ought to have been made, any person charged to any of the to be allowed* Afc contained in Schedule (D.), whether he shal\ have com-his profits or gains arising as last aforesaid on the amount $*mf in the preceding or current year, or on an average of

-Tot. XLVI. R years

years, shall find and shall prove to the satisfaction of- die missioners for general purposes, by whom the assessment.made, that his or her profits and gains during such year fdt which the computation was made, feU short of the sum# computed in respect of the same source of profit on which ti*. computation was made, it shall be lawful for the contfnis*ioMtt$ or the major part of them, on proof before them, to caoijt the assessment made for such current year, to be amended!^ respect of such source of profit as the case shall require; sndj$' j case the sum assessed shall have been paid, to certify nndfc{| their hands and seals, to the governor and company of tnebog, of England, or the receiver-general*, to whom the san iiri| Jiave been paid, the amount of the sum overpaid upon such && assessment; and on production of such certificate, it shall kg lawful for the said governor and company to direct theit casHStf or cashiers, and for the said receiver-general, to repay such ttig as shall have been so overpaid, out of any publick mooNt herein directed to be paid to such cashier or cashiers, or of sag receiver-general, who respectively shall, if necessary, repltise the same out of the first monies that shall come to their haw respectively of the duties granted by this act, for which dm ments the certificate of the said respective of shall 1|[ a sufficient authority.

Abatement to CXL. And be it further enacted, That in case any pefgB when^t^ons c^arge<^ to sa^ast mentioned duties, whether the comm hall ceasetc>8 Nation thereon shall have been made on the profits of one yeJ$ exercise any on an average as herein allowed, shall cease to exercise M trade, or profession, or to carry on the trade, employment, or vocation, m fore thef end re8Pect whereof such assessment was made, or shall die,

f the year, bankrupt or insolvent before the end of the year for making

such assessment, or shall, from any other specifick cause, m deprived of or lose the profits or gains on which the coma* tation of duty charged in such assessment was made, it shall!* lawful for such person, or the heirs, executors, administrators U assigns of such person, to make application to the commfe sioners for general purposes of the district, within three calendar months after the end of such year, and on due proof thereqfi to the satisfaction of such of, it shall be lawful fit the said of to cause the assessment to be amended* as the Case may require, and to give such relief to the charged, his or her heirs, executors, administrators, or assigrt, as shall be just; and in cases requiring the same to direct, h manner before mentioned, repayment to be made of such stt as shall have been overpaid on the assessment amended vacated: pr^ided always, that where any person shall hats succeeded to the trade or business of the party charged, o such abatement shall be made, unless it shall be proved, to the satisfaction of the said of, that the profits and gams of such trade or business have fallen short frtoa wbhU specifick cause, to be alleged to them and proved, since wA change or succession took place* or by reason thereof* but

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 6$>

inch person so succeeding to the same, shall be liable to the payment of the full duties thereon without any new assessment,

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That the of Mode of as-Sicting in the execution of this act, for any district as commis- ^teslonerc^o ioners for the general purposes of this act, shall be charged and duties under assessed to the duties contained in Schedule (D.) if liable Schedule^D.) thereto, by the additional of for the same district; and the additional of acting for the same district,

shall be charged and assessed to the said duties by each other respectively, and according as they ought to be charged; and that any two of the said respective of acting for any district, shall respectively be competent to assess any other person acting as such commissioner for the same district, in fike manner, and with and under the like powers, as if such person had not acted as such commissioner; and the said several of shall respectively divide themselves in such manner, as that every such commissioner shall be assessed by two other of, and the appeal therefrom (if any) may be determined by two of for general purposes, neither of whom shall be concerned or interested in the determination thereof either for himself or herself, or in any character before described for any other person or persons; and the said additional of shall respectively establish such regu-| htions among themselves, for charging and assessing each other in manner aforesaid, as may most effectually secure a fair and impartial assessment' upon every commissioner, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; provided, that any commissioner, whose statement or schedule shall be under con-.lideration, or shall be concerned or interested therein, either for himself or for any other person or persons in any character before described, shall have no voice and shall not be present,

except upon an appeal, for the purpose of being examined vivd vocebj the of then having his assessment or schedule under consideration, but shall withdraw during the - consideration and determination thereof.

CXLI|. And be it further enacted, That all assessments upon Assessment! profits or gains under Schedule (D.) made by the of duties for general purposes, shall be entered in books, with the name under the^ and names, and the description of the person or persons, cor- provision of pontions, companies, or societies of persons, to be charged Schedule (D.) therewith, and their respective places of abode set opposite^ be entered, thereto, and which entries shall respectively be numbered pro; - ^ate^o? die gressively, or lettered, or distinguished by numbers or letters, amount to be as the said respective of for the purposes of this delivered by act shall think proper; and that when and as soon; as the said a number or respective of shall have caused to be made any such [hv^ameof entry in such book, in case the person or persons charged by the parttoi such assessment, shall have declared his, her, or their intention assessed, to pay the duty so assessed into the bank of England, or to the where the par* weaver-general, or his deputy, within the time limited by this p^ment into/ ict for payment thereof) and in case the said of the Bank,

B 2 shall

shall be satisfied with such declaration, they shall deJiver; _ft such person or persons, ' or such other person as shall be theft attending on his, her, or their behalf, a certificate under ib* hands of two or more of such of, specifying tht amount of the sums to be paid within one year upon sat assessment; and every such certificate shall fee numbered# lettered with the same number or letter as the entry in tW book of the said of to which such certificate shfl relate, shall be marked and numbered or lettered, without naming or otherwise describing the person or persons chatQ* thereby; which certificate shall, on production thereof, be, sufficient authority to the governor and company of the bank# England, and to the respective receivers-general or their respete tive deputies in England, and to the receivers-general in ScotktJ^ and his deputy or deputies, from time to time to receive firop any person or persons bearing and producing such certificate!*, certificates, the amount of the sums therein contained, in w ' proportions thereof as by this act are made payable by i ments and at the times by this act appointed for pa thereof, or in advance; and on the payment of the sums cob* tained in any such certificate, or any proportion thereof, # said governor and company, and the said receivers-general, a their respective deputies, shaft giye certificates for the sam acknowledging the receipt of the sum paid on account of ||| Certificate of the saijl respective of, by the nutoH# or letter marked thereon as before directed. 4

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wh$ft the of shall not have received a declaration of# intended payment into the bank of England, or to the receivftp general, or their deputies respectively as aforesaid, of the daft to be charged under Schedule (D.) or shall not be satisfies with such declaration, they shall deliver a duplicate of the assessments to the collector or collectors, with the names and descriptions of the parties charged therewith, together witk their warrants for collecting the same, in such form and under the like powers as they are authorised to collect the duty uniter any of the other schedules contained in this act; and if aft# the receipt of any such declaration die dutiA shall not be duh satisfied and paid accordingly, the said of shaft cause the names of the defaulters, and the amount of doty assessed on each to be inserted from time to time in the dupl cate of such collector, and the warrant for collecting the same shall be of the like force and effect as if such names and sum had been inserted therein at the time of issuing such warrant CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That ^whenever sud* assessments under Schedule (D.) shall be completed in any district, the respective of for general purposes acting thertfR; shall cause to be delivered a duplicate on parchment, under their hands and seals, fairly written, containing the whole SuffiS assessed by them, into the offices for the affairs of tax* for England and Scotland respectively; for the use of the King1*

1 remem*

Commissioners to deliver warrants to collectors, except where parties are assessed by a Humber or fetter.

oners to send duplicates to '^remembrancers and receiver s-. general.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 6$. 245

fcmembrancer's office of the exchequer in England and Scotland ftspecthrely $ and the said of shall also deliver a like bplicate unto the respective receivers-general in England and tatland respectively.

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Appointing for any receiver-general, at the request of any of deputy receiv-teting for general purposes in relation to the said last mentioned pj^"g^C am ihrties, in or for any city or town in Great Britain, (except^ vfehm the city of Lortdon^ or within ten miles of the same) and' % hh the approbation of the commissioners for the affairs of toes, to appoint a fit and proper person resident in such city to town, who shall give security to the satisfaction of the said Weaver-general, to be his deputy for the receipt of ouch of the &A last mentioned duties arising within such city or town, or irithin the district where such city or town shall be situate, as 4all be assessed under a letter or number, pursuant to a declaration of the party's intention to pay the duty to such receiver-jpneral or his deputy as aforesaid, regard being had in such fcpomtment to the population and extent of such city or town, fe which deputy the said receiver-general shall be answerable; iad it shall be lawful for the commissioners for the affairs of % xes in England, and for the barons of the exchequer in ntland to allow to the respective deputies so appointed, such !Wy and reward for their attendance and trouble therein, as Wall be agreed upon between such of and the person to be appointed such deputy, and as shall be approved Hfby the said of for the affairs of taxes and barons fepwtively, not exceeding the rate of one penny halfpenny of 4*um received by such deputies respectively, and paid over jtosnch receiver-general; and every such deputy shall on soma Mfey in every week, to be named in the bond to be entered into to him, pay or remit to such receiver-general the whole amount wthe duties then in his hands, and shall faithfully account for same to such receiver-general.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Duplicates t# the respective of for general purposes, to issue be delivered* Vrt and deliver to the respective receivers-general, except where ceivew'and^ 'tdeputy receiver shall be appointed as herein is directed, and to collectors, Much deputies where such appointments have been made, dupli- where assess*

toes of the assessments made by them, containing the sums me"t8 are isessed on each and every person to whom a certificate hath JJ'numheror toen delivered by letter or number, together with the number letter, with or letter set opposite thereto in their respective books before warrants for mentioned, without naming such persons, with their warrants retiring the for their receiving such of the said duties charged by such Ue8! of respectively, when the same shall become payable tt aforesaid; and all such sums shall be paid to the respective icceivers-general, or deputy receivers, where such shall have ^eeo appointed, and such part thereof as shall not be so paid to them, shall be levied and collected as herein is mentioned j tod&ddfoult of the same being so levied, shall be recoverable

t4-6

Person* Charged to

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

a debt upon record, to the King's majesty, hi* heirs and' successors, in manner before directed in other cases.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That the duties payaMj^t --1- 1 *' ---^11^paid -

w on such last mentioned assessments, shall be paid either npv..mtoth^Ban)^9 t^ie bank England) or to the receiver-general, or to the dt*. or to the re- PutY suc^ receiver-general where such shall be appointed, IHtf ceiver or col- the election of the party charged by such instalments as by tfclBv. lector at their act directed, before the respective days appointed for such fflfni i^defaultaD<i ments accor*ng to the regulations of this act, or by threrect; the dutiesmaytwo instalments, or in one sum in^1

be levied -1

under the

of for the affairs of taxes.

Payments to be entered in the books at the $ank.

Duties to be

full as the parties shsS^ choose, and the certificates hereby required to be given on sucfcv payments shall be delivered to the respective of^ or to one or more of them, or to their clerk at their office, befoit& the times when the same are hereby made payable, taking his dtjf: their receipt for the same, which receipt shall be a sufficient discharge for the money so paid, in satisfaction of so mudfe of the assessment as shall be mentioned in such certificate to be so paid; and if any person shall neglect to pay thg; same, at the time and in the manner hereby directed fcSi; payment of such duties, or having paid the same shall negk^ to deliver the certificate required to be given on such paymsti; as hereinbefore directed, it shall be lawful for the respecting Commissioners for general purposes, and they are hereby quired to deliver a duplicate of all sums assessed on any Or persons who shall have made default in paying or acco for the payment of the same, together with their Warrant* such collector or collectors as they shall appoint to levy the abut in arrear and unpaid, and which duplicate shall be made and which sums shall be levied, according to the regulation* Of the Said recited acts respectively.

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the cashier tf the bank of England shall, on the receipt of any of the said last mentioned duties, enter the same in the books to be provided for that purpose; and all such sums shall be entered under the name, letter, or number contained in the certificate, and every such account kept at the bank of England, shaQ be entered under the head of cc The account of the commbv sioners acting for the of*

as the case may require, and the receivers-general and deputy receivers shall, on the like receipt, cause the same to be wrote off in their respective duplicates; and the said cashier or cashier* receiver or receivers-general, or deputy or deputies to such receivers, shall, whenever he or they shall be required by the respective of for the purposes of this act, deliver to them a true account of all sums paid at the bank of England or to such receivers-general or deputies respectively, on account of the duties charged by them respectively, and shall also transmit to the office of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, when required by them so to do, a true account of the sum so paid.

CXLIX. And be it ^irth^r enacted, That it shall be lawful feu

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 3147

Wf person or persons, at any time or times during the contmu- vance, subject ace of this act, to pay or cause to be paid in advance to the to discount, gmmgr and company of the bank of England, or to their cnUer or cashiers, any sum or suips of money charged as aforesaid, and to require a certificate or certificates acknowledging eh payments; and it shall be lawful for the cashier or cashiers said bank of England, on production of the notice or faficate of such assessment, at the time of payment of the fad duty m advance (the sum so paid not in any case to be less the sum which appears by such certificate to be payable by t*o instalments) to make an allowance at the rate of five pound* ft centum per annum out of the sum or sums so paid in advance, calculated upon such sum or sums for the period or periods by trtiich each respective sum shall be paid sooner than the period ibed by this act for the payment thereof; and in every '0A case the said cashier or cashiers, shall give the person pay-the same, a certificate of such payment, specifying therein number of instalments thereby discharged, and the amount the allowance for such prompt payment, and referring j to the notice or certificate of assessment then produced, the name, number, or letter therein mentioned and all iMh allowances shall be made by the said cashier or cashiers '*of the duties to be paid in at the bank of England at the of paying the same; and all certificates made out by the for or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of as aforesaid, being delivered at the respective offices of of, shall be received by them as cash in dis-of the assessments, and shall be allowed to them in their Mounts.

CL. And be it further enacted, That upon the payment of any One certifi-teh sum of money as aforesaid, into the said baijc of England, cate or sepa-fa cashier or cashiers, or other person receiving the same, j^esThalfbe fall give such certificates as aforesaid, signed by them respect gfven^t the fair, for the whole of the sums so paid, or separate certificates Bank as re-h like form, for such portions thereof as shall be required, quired. fauefe certificates shall severally be cut off indentwise from the teer-cheques thereof, which counter-cheques are to remain vith the said governor and company 5 and every such certificate Ad be denominated in the body thereof to be on account of fipnents made into the said Bank, in discharge of the duties fatfced by virtue of this act, the excess of the said duties being If be considered as a voluntary contribution.

ftSH. And be it further enacted, That upon the delivery of On delivery % jf such certificate as last aforesaid to the said commissioner^ of* certificates afattheir office, in discharge of the whole of the said duties to.th.e com" Messed or charged upon the person or persons delivering or the ^ctokto 'fafag to be delivered such certificate, or any part thereof, the give a receipt, fad of or their clerk shall, if required, indorse in which shall be piking on the back of the certificate to be given by them or

in such case, the amount of the number of instalments of r e H 1 V'fad duties to be discharged by such payments, which V. receipts

248 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.

receipts of the said of or their clerks as afemriai, shall be received, without further proof as evidence of mrik payments, in all courts and places, and before all ftaqtm, \ whatever. -j

Recited and CLII. And be it further enacted, That the duty hereby^ t^s^n^che^U mStznte^> including the duty contained in the Schedule tnaablA ] dule'fE.), and (*) aslierein recited, and the said additional duties, shall rules! deemed assessed and charged in one sum, under the following rl!av part of this act. which rules shall be deemed and construed a part of this act^&ld;

to refer to the said last mentioned duty, as if the same had bean inserted upder a special enactment,

Schedule.(E.)

Rules for charging the said Duties.

To be charged for all salanes, fees, or profits whatever.

Duties chargeable on the same by act of parliament to be deducted.

First.  The said duties shall be annually charged on the par son or persons respectively having, using, or exercising such offices or employments of profit, or to whom such annuiti4 % r pensions, or stipends shall be payable, for all salaries, fees*; wages, perquisites, or profits whatsoever, accruing by reason of such offices, employments or pensions, after deducting amount of duties payable or chargeable on the same, by t*w tue of any act or acts of parliament where the same have

Provision

respecting

arrears.

been really and bony side paid and borne by the party t&i

Duties to be assessed for all the offices in each department, in the place where the of shall execute their offices.

Description of offices to be

charci*l.

ruruc uy uic UU

be charged $ and each assessment in respect of such officii or employments, shall be in force for one whole year, su|* i$hali be levied for such year without any new assessment, .; notwithstanding a change may have taken place in such office or employment, on the person or persons for the time having, or exercising the same) provided the person quitting sttcli office or employment, or dying within the year, his or theif \ executors or administrators, shall be liable for the arrears due before or at the" time of his so quitting such office or employ* ment, or dying, and for such further portion of time as shall then have elapsed, to be settled by thfcjrespective commissioners, and his or their successor or successors shall be paid such sums as he or they shall have paid on account of such portion of the year as aforesaid) apd each assessment in respect of such annuity, pension, or Stipend, shall be m force for one whole year, unless the same shall cease or expire within the year by lapse, death, or otherwise, from which period the assessment thereon shall be discharged:

Second.  The said duties to be assessed by the respective of for all the offices in each department in the place where the said of shall execute their offices, although certain of the offices in the same department may he executed elsewhere, and shall be due and payable from the respective officers, and their respective successors, for the time being:

Third.  The said duties shall be paid on all public offices end employments of profit, of |hg^y^nption herein after mentioned

whhm

249

11806.] Aijpo regni quadragesimo sextp Geo. III. c. 65.

I, within Great Britain; videlicet: any office belonging to either L thwueof parliament, or to any court of justice, whetherof law or n England or Scotland, Wales, the duchy of Lancaster, f me duchy of Cornwall, or any criminal, or justiciary, or ecclesiastical court, or court of admiralty, or commissary court, or court-'jGBttrtial; any public office held under the civil government of Ai Majesty, or in any county palatine, or the duchy of Corn-any commissioned officer serving on the 6tass, or be-s>Jbnging to his Majesty's army in any regiment of artillery, ' itwalry, infantry, royal marines, royal garrison battalions, or corps of engineers, or royal artificers; apy officer in the navy, or in the militia, or volunteers; any office or employment of profit held under any ecclesiastical tody, whether aggregate or sole, or under any publick corporation, company, or society, whether corporate or not corporate; any office or employment *f profit under any public institution, or on any public foundation of whatever nature or for whatever purpose the same may jbe established; any office or employment of profit. in any ^county, riding or division, shire or stewartry, or in any city, thorough, ftown corporate, or place, or under any trusts or p guardians of any fund, tolls, or duties, to b# exercised in such county, riding, division, shire, or stewartry, city, borough, town corporate, or place, and every other publick office or employ-.njtnt of profit of a publick nature:

With-  The perquisites to be assessed under this act, shall be adeemed to be such profits of offices and employments as arise kirom fees, or other emoluments, and payable either by the n or the subjects, in the course of executing such offices wr employments, and shall and may be estimated either on the profits or the preceding year, or of the fair and just average of one year of the amount of the profits thereof in the three years preceding; such years in each case respectively ending on the fifth day of April in each year, or such other day of each year on which die accounts of such profits have been usually made

ViftL-shall ases where any salaries, fees, wages, or other per- qoisites or profits, or any annuities, pensions, or stipends shall be payable at the receipt of the exchequer, or at any publick offc*, or by any officer of his Majesty's household, or by any of his Majesty's receivers or paymasters, or by any agent or agents employed in that behalf, then and in every such case, the duties chargeable under this act, in respect of such salaries, fees, wages, perquisites, or profits, or in respect of inch annuities, pensions, or stipends, shall be detained and Hopped out of the same, or out of any money which shall be payable upon such salaries, fees, wages, perquisites, or profits, or upon such annuities, pensions, or stipends, or for die arrears thereof, whenever the same shall happen, and be applied to the satisfaction of the duties on such offices of jemployments, or on such annuities, pensions, or stipends

Fees, or other emoluments, may be estimated on the profits of the preceding year, or on an average of three years*

The duties on salaries, fees, pensions, &c. payable at any publick office, to be stopped in case of non-payment*

(not being otherwise pai4)byjg(

Jpianjier directed

r*"

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 6$. [r&oi.

directed by this act; and whenever the same so payable' djtil be assessed by the commissioners for general purpose*! their respective districts, they shall transmit an accot the amount of the duty assessed to the Exchequer, or where the tome are payable, in order that the assessed may be there stopped or detained.

Sixth.  In all cases where the salaries, fees, wages,

or profits of any officer or officers chargeable to the duties, shall not arise out of any of the offices mett^ in the foregoing rule, but shall arise from any other or employment of profit chargeable to the said duties the salaries, fees, wages, perquisites, or profits, shall, payable at such office by any officer or officers thereof^ by any receiver or receivers of the same respectively, or any agent or agents employed in that behalf, the d chargeable under this act in respect of such salaries, wages, perquisites, Or profits, shall be detained and st* out of the same, or out of any money which shall be _ upon such salaries, fees, wages, perquisites, or profits*

for arrears thereof, whenever the same shall happen, V

be applied to the satisfaction of the duties (not 01 ' paid) in the manner directed by this act:

Such portion Seventh.  Such portion of the said duties on offices or ej of the duties ments of profit, or on annuities, pensions, or stipends, atf

*b are charged charged with any sum or sums of money payable to with sums. 3, 1, ^{ r 3 c 1

other person or persons, shall be deducted out of the

payable to such other person or persons as a like rate on

sums respectively would amount unto; and all such pet

their agents and receivers, shall allow such deductions

payments upon receipt of the residue of such sums:

Eighth.  Such portion of the said duties, charged on any

Duties on

salaries, &c. not arising from offices mentioned in the foregoing rule, to be ^topped by persons receiving such salaries, fees,

payable to any other persons, to be deducted out of the sums payable to such persons.

Duty charged upon the principal in an office upon salaries paid to his deputy or clerk, to be deducted out of such salaries.

or employment of profit executed by any deputy or or other persons employed under the principal in such and paid by such principal out of the salary, fees, perquisites, or profits, of such principal, shall be deducted of the salary or wages so payable as a like rate on i salary or wages would amount unto; and all such deputiei| clerks, and other persons so employed, shall allow to their respective principals such deductions and payments upon tftfc receipt of the residue of such salaries or wages:

Ninth.  In estimating the duty payable for any such offige-if employment of profit, or any pension, annuity, or stipend all official deductions and payments made upon the of the salaries, fees, wages, perquisites, and profits or in passing the accounts belonging to such office, or the receipt of such pension, annuity, or stipend* stu allowed to be deducted, provided a due account theeeofife rendered to the said of, and proved to r Satisfaction:

Pensions pay-Tenth.  In all cases where any annuities or pensions sftaffix " payable Out of any-patrie^St^ of the publick rOsokie,

and

Payments on receipt of salaries, &c. or in passing accounts, or upon the receipt of pensions, to be deducted.

able out of a Xt-anch of re-

l, a^ho

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 251

jWd at the office of that branch of revenue, the of venue, to be Kiting for that department shall have authority to assess and cJr&ecl by itssary the same as a salary or wages payable thereout. sione^thwe

And be it enacted, That every person to be assessed per80n8*hb office or employment, shall be deemed to have exercised sessed for $ame at the head office of the department under which such offices, to be " or employment shall be held, and shall be rated for such deemed to or employment as if exercised at such head office, although the^auwat ^duties of such office or employment shall be performed, or the head rofits or any part thereof arising from such office or em- office, tent shall be payable elsewhere, within or out of Great ton) and all assessments made on any inferior officer or leers wherever they shall exercise their Office or employment,

" be rated accordingly in the same district where such head shall be established.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every office shall be In what de led to belong to, and to be assessed by or under the principal ts of that department by or under whom the appointment ^assessed. Such office was made, provided that where such appointment " be made by any inferior officer in any department, then office shall be assessed by the same of by such inferior officer shall be chargeable for his office: prided also, that where any such appointment shall be held Jer the great seal or privy seal, either of England or Scotland, shall be made under the royal sign manual, or where any appointment shall be under the hands or seals of the com-ioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and the same shall not bo ised in the department of the Treasury, then the officer ng the same shall be assessed in that department where the ce shall have been executed: provided also, that nothing lerein contained shall be construed to limit the right hereinbefore given to of of the district, of assessing officers Jkfofe described within their respective jurisdictions, although fetch offices or any of them may not be held under their ap-.fcmtment, or the profits of such offices may not be payable by m or their order.

CLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Allowances to

Se allowances shall be granted to the trustees of the British useum, in respect of any charge under Schedule (A.) to be British* made on the lands and tenements vested in such trustees, as Museum, and tfe gfonted to colleges and other properties mentioned in No. VI. exemptions U mat Schedule5 and the like exemptions shall be allowed in ^manner^ fttpect of any dividends of stock vested in such trustees, or a8 now toy of them, or in any other for their use, as are granted to ed to charita-charitable institutions by this act; and no Salary or payment ble institu-stade or to be made out of his Majesty's Exchequer to such tions* trustee for the use, of such institutions, shall be charged at the taid Exchequer, provided all salaries of officers or persons employed under the said trustees shall be charged on the said ^fitters respectively.

I, YL And be it further enacted, That the several com- Commission-

Tnissioners ere to apptiijA

22

clerks, assessors, and collectors, from the officers in their departments.

Assessors to have access to documents, and may require returns.

Statements of profits arising from offices not required under a general noUpet

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.

missioners authorised to act in the execution of this act, in relation to the duties on offices or employments of profit* wi on pensions or stipends, as soon after their respective appoint* ments as conveniently can be done in their respective departments, shall meet in some convenient place in order to (pnfifir themselves by their taking the oaths prescribed by the w recited act, and shall have power to elect a clerk, and an assessor or assessors; and in cases where the duties cannot be stoppel and detained at the department of office of the said comm& sioners, or for which the said respective of shaK act, a collector or collectors of the said duties to be assessed by them from and amongst the officers in their respecthre ds^ partments, and separate assessors and collectors in each sod^ department, under the cognizance of the same commissioneri| which assessors shall, within a time to be fixed by the respecthlj of, deliver to them their certificates of assessment in writing under their hands, to be verified upon their oaths of solemn affirmations, and not otherwise, of the full and j^annual value of all offices and employments of profit charged under this act in the department for which they shall be pointed assessors, and of all pensions and stipends, esriu according to this act (after deducting the sum and sums pa thereout respectively by virtue of any former act or acts, wl the same have been really and bond side paid and borne b/ party to be charged with the names and surnames of the se? officers and persons entitled to pensions or stipends, and several sums of money they ought to pay by virtue of this at the rate of two shillings for every twenty shillings of sac value, without abatement or diduction, and without conceit ment or fayour, upon pain of forfeiture for every neglect in t&e premises of any sum not exceeding one hundred pounds, less than twenty pounds, which said assessors are hereby strictly enjoined and required with all care and diligence to charge and assess themselves, and all other officers, clerks, and persons employed in their respective departments of office, and with respect to the duty on pensions or stipends, to charge and asse* all persons entitled unto any such pensions or stipends, and respectively to make their assessments according to the provisioni of this act; and every such assessor shall have free access to all documents and papers whatever in their respective offices, touching the salaries, fees, wages, perquisites, and profits of any officer, clerk, or person aforesaid, Delonging to their respective offices, and touching the amount of the respective pensions or stipends, and shall be at liberty, whenever the same may be necessary to require returns from the parties then* selyes, according to the provisions of this act, that they may be enabled to make a true assessment in pursuance thereof.

CLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thatap person shall, in respect of the profits arising from offices, 'or fttan pensions, or stipends, chargeable before the respective of appointed for tfcosq purposes in their respective departments

253

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.

-ts of office as aforesaid, be liable to the penalty herein sd for not returning a statement of the profits arising Mich office, pension^ or stipend, in pursuance of any general hereinbefore directed, nor in any case except where the: r for those profits respectively snail have required a re- (hereof in pursuance of the next preceding clause.

-.VIII. And be it further enacted, That in every case where The fbtl value holding such offices or employments, or being en-poffice*to unto any pension or stipend as aforesaid, shall claim an thoueh abate-ce under this act, or to be discharged wholly from such menu or ex-ent, the of shall nevertheless set down in emptions are assessment the names of such persons, and the full and claimed, annual value of such offices, employments, pensions, or rds; and the claims to such abatements shall be preferred examined, and the merits thereof shall be heard and de--ed under the regulations of this act with respect to other ments.

CUX. And be it enacted, That where any office or em- Deputiei to uenl of profit chargeable by this act, is or shall be executed P?y puty, such deputy shall in all cases where he shall be in^in the receipt of the profits thereof, be answerable for and shall receipt of the such assessment as shall be charged thereon, and deduct profits, same out of the profits of such office or employment j and Officers re-the salaries, fees, wages, emoluments, or profits of any ceiving sala-or officers in ^ny such office, shall be receivable by any or more of the said officers for the use of such officer or for duties, cers, or as a fund to be divided amongst such officers in in proportions, the officer or officers receiving such salaries,

_ wages, perquisites, or profits, shall be answerable for the charged thereon, and shall pay the same, and deduct the out of the funds provided for such respective offices of yments before any division or apportionment thereof j and case of refusal or non-payment thereof, shall be liable to 1 distress as by this act is prescribed against any person ig the office or employment, and to all other remedies and 'ties respectively herein contained.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That the proper officers, Assessors their respective deputies, and the receivers and paymasters be furnished fevery tmbiick department of office, and in every other office7 which of are hereby intended to be appointedTalne, and fairing the duties hereby charged on such offices respect may require '^and any agent or agents by whom any salaries, fees, returns, and, perquisites, or profits shall be payable, shall, upon re-c^Vcateof so them made by the respective assessors for the said assessment.

' e duties, deliver, gratis, true lists or accounts of all salaries, fees, wages, perquisites, and profits received by and belonging to such offices respectively, and of all'^ns and stipends payable to them respectively, for the guidance of the said assessors in charging the same; and the said assessors shall be dissatisfied with such accounts, lawful for them tq require any officer whose office ah*

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

nail riot be truly valued in such account, to prepare and pro* duce to them within the like period of time as is limited returns of other accounts by this act, a list or account of Of salaries* fees, wages, perquisites, and profits of the office m excised by him, which returns such officer shall be oUfae&.f make under the penalties and forfeitures contained in for not making other returns hereby required) and storn' documents and papers in their respective offices the said*! tpective assessors shall make their certificates of assessment f the persons holding such offices, or entitled unto such respectively, according to the annual value thereof, at thei in the schedule to this act annexed, and shall in like ] as is before directed with respect to assessors for any place* bring in their said certificates to the respective aioners for their allowance, who shall forthwith set their to the same, which assessments shall be in force for one commencing and payable at the like periods as the ass in parishes are made payable; and the said respective missioners for the duties on offices shall in all cases, i collectors are authorised to be appointed, cause the like c

{>licates to be made thereof, and delivered to collectors, ike warrants to collect the said duties as is before directed J be given to collectors for any parish or place; and the collectors of the said duties on offices shall have the like thority to demand and levy the said dutie's is herein givaori collectors of any parish or place: providea always, that in: cases where the duties, and any salaries, fees, wages, perquiaift or profits of any publick office shall be detained and stopp out of the same, or out of any monies which shall be thereupon, the respective of shall cause the duplicates to be delivered to the proper officers in the offices, who shall keep true accounts of all monies stopped, detained under the authority of this act, and shall be answeraU^ for the same; and "the money so detained of the duty ona nuities, pensions, or stipends, shall be accounted for, and pai in the manner herein after directed.

Department CLXI. And be it further enacted, That the particular deM_ M8vwable for Paitmentn which any assessment shall be made of the mif deficiencies, duties on offices and employments of profit, or on pensions tit j and arrears stipends, shall be answerable for the amount of the duties which shall be charged on the respective ^officers of such department or on the pensions or stipends payable by such department # the officers thereof, and for the said duties being duly derate* and stopped at such offices, or their being demanded and lene# according to the directions of this act, as any parish nr place*hereby made answerable for the duties charged by vatue0 (this act in such parish or place, and the arrears of such dm as may arise from the default or failure of any collector pointed to collect and levy the same, or of any officer or p&tfr whose duty it shall be to detain and stop the said duties* dM be raised and levied of the partionbgr collectors, officers, sod*.

to be reassessed.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 6$. 255

other persons who shall have collected, detained, or stopped such

dudes, and shall not have paid over the same as by this act is

directed, under the powers contained in the said recited acts re-

ectively, in the case of a collector therein mentioned \ and that

default of recovering the same as aforesaid, the said arrears

11 be assessed on the same oilicers respectively, and on the

pensions and stipends respectively on which the said duties shall

tve been charged, by duly apportioning the same among the

veral officers and persons assessed in the assessment for the same

department, in the same year in which such re-assessment shall be

ide, according to the amount of each person's assessment

therein, as nearly as the case will admit, and by the like rules,

ethods, and directions, by which the original assessment was

ide, and under the like powers as are herein or in the said recited

: ts respectively given in other cases of re-assessment.

CLXII. And be it further enacted, That where any person Duties of

ing, using, or exercising any office or employment of profit, offices which

ich shall be charged to the duties by this act granted thereon, g^o^ed tobe

i the said duties cannot be detained and stopped in the hands certified in

: the proper officer or officers, or in the hands of any agent or case of non-

-ents employed to pay the monies due in respect of the said office payment, to

: r.ployment, or the same monies shall have been paid over to the

v J 9, ., r r m sioners of the person or persons having, using, or exercising the said olhee or district where

ployment, and such person or persoas shall refuse or neglect to the parties the sum or sums of money charged upon him or them, any shall reside, or more of the commissioners for raising the duties on the j^eir* offices shall and may, by writing under their hands and seals, w^ants for f such neglect or refusal, and the sum payable by virtue of levying the, t&3 act, to the commissioners for executing this act in relation to same, iinds, tenements, and hereditaments, in the parish or place where eh officer or officers shall reside -7 and any two or more of such: Missioners are hereby authorised and required, upon receipt, of uch certificate, by warrant under their hands and seals, to*rhorise and empower the respective collectors of the said duties, or the collectors of the parish or place where such officer or hcers reside, to levy the same by such ways and means as they authorised to levy the duties charged by them respectively in pursuance of this act; and such collectors are hereby authorised execute such warrant accordingly, and which shall be executed .'deT the like powers and in like manner as is herein after directed, and as if such officer or officers was or were charged to the said duties in such parish or place; and the monies arising thereby shall be paid to the collectors charged to the said duties on ->ucn office or employment.

CLXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No qualifi-ualification shall be required of any of the officers or persons cation to be

herein described to be of for the duties on offices, or requirfd

r c 1 .: commission-

employments of profit, or on pensions, stipends, annuities, m on office

interest, or dividends, contained in the several schedules, who and publick

will act os such of by virtue of their several offices annuities.

o tiler

duties on offices liable to penalties.

other than such offices respectively; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Officers acting CLXIV. And be it further enacted, That the respedhrej In raising the assessors and collectors appointed to raise and assess, or f collect, and pay the $um9 of money to be charged on ofl employments of profit, or on annuities, pensions, or st payable by his Majesty by virtue of this act, and also the ors and inspectors Acting in relation to the said duties, 1 spectively be subject to the penalties and forfeitures for 1 or neglecting the performance of their duty, or for being |_ of any fraud or abuse in executing the same, as are inflicted* such officers respectively by the said recited act for the f offences.

CLXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such < said duties granted by this act, and the contributions hereby^ thorised, which may oe detained or stopped, and deducted the sums in respect whereof they shall be charged or deda shall be respectively detained at such times in each year; said sums shall be payable to the person or persons thereto.

CLXVI. And be it further enacted, That the survey inspectors appointed or to be appointed as herein ment shall be and they are hereby empowered to inspect and ex all and every the returns made by any person or persons < able to the said duties, or any of them, according to the dii of this act*and in case any of them shall he dissatisfied with the returns so made, or the estimate of the assessors thereon, or shall discover any error or omission mi estimate, or that any deduction hath been allowed not aut by this act, they shall charge the same according to the their judgement, in the full amount at which the same < be charged and the said surveyors and inspector shall at liberty to inspect and examine all and every thf assessor the said several duties, or any of them, made under the an of the respective of before mentioned, as wgll as after the of shall have signed and allowed dbeid assessments, and before such allowance to correct and such assessments, if he or they shall think fit j and every \ whose custody such returns shall be, shall, and is nereby quired, upon the request of any such surveyor or insp aforesaid, to deliver the 9ame into his custody for the on this act, taking his receipt for the same, and every [ whose custody any such assessments shall be, shall, and is 1 required, upon the request of such surveyor or inspector aal said, to produce the same, and such surveyor or inspector ish authorised to take charge of the same, until he shall hrve: t such copies of or extracts from the same, as may be nece his and their better information; and every person wil structing such inspector or surveyor in the due perform his duty as aforesaid, shall forfeit wd pay the sum of one

poiob

Surveyors and inspectors to have access to returns and assessments, with liberty to amend them, and make surcharges.

Mends, and if an* nrli anrmmr or inspector shall find Or dl8-

tion, or otherwise, that- any > society, who ought to be'ny of them, shall have been r shall have been under-rated on or the officer of any cor-? to the said duties, or any of neglected or refused to make of this act, or that the assessor re a return in any case where d from any person or persons,

is, according to the intent of ons, corporations, companies, barged to the amount which m every such case the said he same in writing under his every default, and the full to be paid by way of sur-the said respective commis-\ act. in relation to the duties nade, in order to have such

5 said assessment; and such y of any such certificate, and -lotice of such surcharge was elling-housq, or other place of or at the office of such cor-ith the proper officer of such eby required to sign and allow said assessments to be rectified ndingly*; all which examina-tors and surveyors are hereby me, until a full and complete 11 the propertiesdirected to be yors or inspectors shall) at any act, find or discover that any urn within- the time herein been made of any of the said t shall be lawful for such sur-surcharge such person in like rcharge any person who hath

icted, That no assessment or Noassessment

ay assessor or assessors, sur- ?r surcharge

pectora, by virtue of this act,

ton of any mistake or variance surveyor, shall

her of them, of any person be impeached

t>y this act, nor by reason of on account of

y lands or other premises, or

onts to be charged according descriptions.

rate of the duty surcharged.

Power of avoiding the double duty, oy making a return after surcharge* with an affidavit annexed.

The form of affidavit.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

whether such mistake or variance shall appear in the notice sod certificate to be delivered or made in such case, or in either U them; but that all such assessments and surcharges shall be nEd and effectual to all intents and purposes notwithstanding any ssdk mistake or variance, provided the notice of surcharge be dehveset to or left at the abode of the person intended to be so suitharged according to the directions of this act, and the duties intended to be described shall be chargeable on such person or persons.

CLXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be law&i j for any person to whom such notice of surcharge shall be as aforesaid, at any time previous to the time appointed for hear* ing appeals next after the delivery of such notice, to make out aai deliver to the surveyor or inspector who shall have delivered f notice of surcharge, a true, persect, and complete schedule the annual value, as the same ought to be estimated according this act, of all the property charged thereby, and also a persect, and complete schedule of the amount of annual pi however arising, and which ought to be assessed by and ui the of of and in the district where such surch shall be delivered, in such form as shall be directed under authority of this act, and as the case may require, so that he she may from such schedule so delivered be charged to the s duties the full sum at which he or she ought to be charged virtue of this act, in such district: provided always, that toei such schedule there shall be annexed an affidavit in writing to effect herein after mentioned; and if the said surveyor or spector shall be satisfied with such schedule and affidavit, then shall certify such return and affidavit to two or more of the t of respectively, with the amount of the duty to charged, who shall thereupon cause the assessment to be m according to such certificate, and the same rate of duty as forth in the respective schedules mentioned in this act, to charged on the person making such return without furt! trouble or delay; but if upon examination of such schedule, such affidavit, the said surveyor or inspector shall see just c to object thereto, he shall thereupon certify such return affidavit, together with the cause of his objection, to two or r of the said of respectively, who shall thereupon cause the assessment to be made according to such last mentionafc certificate in the amount of the duty at which such person shaft be surcharged* and from which surcharge no abatement shall fcri made on any pretence, unless on appeal as herein after is directed1 of which certificate notice shall be given by the surveyor or ipt spector to the person to be charged thereby.

CLXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such affidufe shall allege and declare in substance or to the effect as feUo*s that is to say. That the return to which this affidavit is anxid&4& is a full, persect, and complete return of all matters and thng* required of the said deponent by this act, to the best of his oritt judgement; which affidavit may be taken before any one* more of the commissionersv acting for the place 1

commissionei

rSv acting

where At

surcharge

*59

m cer-i cases.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.

tncharge shall be made, or where the party surcharged shall itside, and shall be signed by the party making the same: frorided always, that an appeal may be made from any assessment er surcharge as aforesaid, and heard and determined iader the regulations of this act.

CLXX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any person Persons over-v persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves respectively rated may ap-wer-charged or over-rated by any certificate of any inspector or ^mmisSon-jarveyor as last aforesaid, or by any assessment to be made by ers. tvtueor in pursuance of stich certificate, it shall be lawful for iim, her, or them respectively, so appeal to the said commis-Swners, in such manner as he or they are authorised to appeal ftom any original assessment or surcharge by the regulations of #isact.

CLXXL. And be it further enacted, That upon the hearing On appeal

jfaaysuch appeal, or the appeal against any original assessment 8(^duleHt0*

I surcharge, the appellant snail in all cases produce before the P

lid of a true, persect, and complete schedule, as

ireeted by this act as aforesaid, and as the case may require,

id if required so to do shall verify the same upon nis or her

Sth or affirmation.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted, That upon every sur- Surcharges, if aive allowed upon appeal by the said of upon the confinnwl, to Wificate of the surveyor or inspector as directed by this act, in j ou e kses where no such affidavit shall have been delivered as is tain a dote required, or the of shall be dissatisfied with t same, the assessment shall be made in double the rates ofy prescribed in the said schedules respectively, on the amount the duty so surcharged, which sum shall be added to the leisment, and collected and levied therewith: provided always, tt upon every appeal, if the affidavit before required shall m been delivered, and if the said commissiofiers shall be ttkfted therewith, and shall be of opinion that there was any burnable cause of controversy on the part of the appellant, on I subject-matter of appeal, and that the party hath not been % juiy wilful default, neglect, or omission, nor wilfully lie Iny act with intention to defraud the revenue, it shall be pwful >r the said of who shall have determined ie said appeal, although they shall confirm or allow the sur-kitge, a part thereof only, at the same time to remit and off the whole or any part of the double duty, and the Ins of the suni so charged above the said rate of duty, which shall not be so remitted or struck off as aforesaid, shall paid to the receiver-general to the use of his Majesty, his n and successors 5 which increase of duty made by occasion such surcharge, together with the overplus aforesaid above laid rate of duty, and all other increase of duty occasioned Ae surcharge or information of any inspector or surveyor'r this act, the commissioners for executing this act who have confirmed such surcharge or made such increase, or 1*1 two or more of them, shall at the s^m^L meeting certify

s 2 under

pot exceed 50l. to be exempt.

*6c> Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

under their hands to the commissioners for the affairs of taxesin England, and the barons of the court of Exchequer in &*-

land respectively \ and the said of and barons respectively, shall have authority to direct the said receiver-geaenl to pay to the said surveyor or inspector oat of the said mooted duty and overplus aforesaid, in such proportions as they respectively shall think proper, any sum of money not exceeding the Tate which shall have been settled by the lords coouus-sioners of the Treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being) as a reward for their labour and diligence m making sum surchargesj and the certificate of the said of for the affairs of taxes, and barons, or any two or more of then respectively, shall be a warrant to the said receiver-general to pay the same.

Persons whose CLXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That'

Income doth every person whose annual amount of income, estimated according to this act, shall be less than one hundred and fifty pound*, and who shall be assessed to the duties charged on the propeitieK or profits described in the schedule of particulars contained hr this clause, or any of them, or who shall be liable to the payment of duty by way of deduction in respect thereof, shall be entitled, on proving as herein after mentioned that such income doth not exceed fifty pounds, to be exempted from the payment of the duties charged, or such of them as shall have been charged o the properties or profits so described in the said schedule of particulars, or any of them, and from all payments by way of deduction in respect of any properties of the same descriptumj and in all cases where such income shall exceed fifty pounds, and shall be less than one hundred and fifty pounds, such person shall be entitled to an allowance out of the duties charged on the properties or profits so described in the said schedule of particulars, or any of them, or payable in respect thereof as aforesaid, af and after the rate of one shilling for every twenty shillings, by which the income proved and allowed according to this act, shall be less than one hundred and fifty pounds, and in that proportion for any lesser sum than twenty shiliinpi provided that the duties charged on the properties or profits m described or payable in respect thereof as aforesaid, shall be, sufficient for that purpose, and so^far as the said allowance can be satisfied out of the said duties.

Allowances for income tiuder sol.

SCHEDULE of the Particulars of the Properties and Profits on which the aforesaid Allowances, in reduction of the Duties, are to be taken in the Cases mentioned is this Clause.

First.  Profits arising from any properties belonging to any ecclesiastical person in right, 01 his enurch, or by endowment, or from any properties mentioned in No. III. 01 Schedule A. and stipends of licensed curates;

Second.  Profits arising from the occupation of lands and tenements chargeable under Schedule (B.):

Third.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 261

ThinL  Profits arising from any trade, manufacture, adventure, of concern in the nature of trade, or from any profession, employment, or vocation; chargeable under the first or second cases of Schedule (D.):

Itenrth.  Profits arising from any office or employment of profit, chargeable under Schedule (E.): fifth  The amount of any pension or stipend payable out of the publick revenue, chargeable under Schedifle (E.):

Sith  The amount of any annuity or annuities for life, or for terms of years, arising out of any kind of property whatever, or out of profits which respectively belong to any other person or persons, bodies politicly corporations, companies, or locieties, whether corporate or not corporate, or which shall he limited for the use of, or in trust for any such other persons, bodies, corporations, companies, or societies, to take Sect after the determination of such annuity or annuities; provided that such annuity or annuities shall have been charged on such property or profits by any will or deed where to the claimant shall not be a party, and shall be payable by vittue of such will or deed to such claimant; provided also, that all such claims shall be made and proved according to the directions of this act; provided also, that no exemption or allowance shall reduce, alter, or in any manner affect or impeach the rate or amount of duty charged or to be charged on any kind of property or profits not included in the above schedule of particulars.

CLXXIV.4rtd, in order*that due provision may be made for fronting tfte exemption and allowances in this act authorised, be it nurther enacted, That every person claiming such exemption Declaration* aDowances as aforesaid, in respect of the duties to be as- to be made by tessed upon him or her, shall, within the time limited by this set for making returns of the duty chargeable as directed by0

'this act, (or with in such further time as the said of commission-

- shall, for special cause assigned, allow) deliver or cause to be ers, who may

- delivered to the assessor or assessors of the parish or place the where such claimants shall reside, and not elscwnfere, except as herein after ifr mentioned, a declaration in writing, signed by

him or her, of his or her intention to claim such exemption or allowances, which declaration shall be \n such form as may be directed under the authority of this act* declaring therein the particular source or sources from whence such income shall arise, and die particular amount arising from each source, and also nay sum of annual interest, or other annual payment reserved ordcarged thereon, whereby the income shall or may be diminished, to which declaration every surveyor or inspector shall hare access to take copies of or extracts from, under the like: powers as in other cases; and in every case where the surveyor Of inspector shall not object to such declaration within forty days, of such further time as the of, on just cause, dull allow to him to make such objection, it shall be lawful for ft? said of to grant such exemption or allowances,

as

t6z

Persons claiming abatements to deliver in a declaration.

payments*

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

as the case may require, in the manner herein after directed, without altering the assessment; but in case the surveyor or inspector shall object thereto in writing, suggesting that he hath reason to believe that the income of such person is hot truly declared therein in any particular or particulars, or not conformable to the assessment or assessments thereupon, then and in such case, unless the major part of the of present at the time of taking such objection into consideration, shall see cause to disallow such objections, the merits of such claim shall be heard upon appeal, subject to such rules, regulations, and penalties, as other appeals under this act ate directed to be heard and determined.

CLXXV. And be it further enacted, That every pertott, claiming such exemption or allowance, in respect of any deductions to which any annuity or annuities described in the said, schedule of particulars, and payable to such claimant, may b*'*-epecifying the liable, shall within the like period and in like manner as amount of aforesaid, deliver or cause to be delivered to the commissioners for general purposes in the district where such person shall Reside, a further declaration of his or her intention to make such claim: and every such last mentioned declaration shall' Specify the annual amount of every such annuity, and the name' or names of the person or persons by whom the same is payable; which last mentioned claim shall be proceeded upon in like manner as is before directed; provided that no such la at, mentioned claim shall be allowed in respect of any annuity or j annuities described in the said schedule of particulars before set forth, unless the claimant shall produce to the said of the will or deed under which such payment as aforesaid shall be to be made, or such parts thereof as relate' to such annuity or annuities, or an attested copy of such will j or deed, or such parts thereof as aforesaid, on which no stamp'shall be required; and no such claim shall be allowed until such will or deed, or such attested copy thereof, or such* parts thereof, shall have been seen and examined by the com- ] mi9sioners for special purposes appointed or to be appointed1 under the authority of this act,: and such claim shall have been; sanctioned by the judgement and determination of the said of for special purposes, or any two or more of them, as coming within the description, and the true intent and meaning of this act; and in case any such last mentioned claim shall be sanctioned as aforesaid by the commissioners for special purposes, the of acting for such district abatement, shall proceed to determine upon such claim, and on allowance and separate thereof to grant to such claimant a certificate, to be made out certificate for; n such form as may be directed under the authority of this amounts due act'anc*n every case where such claimant shall derive his or from different her income, for which such exemption or allowance is irtade, sources. from annual payments from different persons, a separate certificate in the form before prescribed shall be delivered for each of such separate payments, in a due proportion to thfc

amount

Commissioners to grant certificate of

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 263

amount of each payment respectively, in order that each such certificate may be separately applied as herein directed; and if Persons guilty any person or persons shall be guilty of any fraud or contriv- frj*ud n mce in making such claim, or in obtaining any such exemption ^obtaining1* ir allowance, or shall fraudulently conceal, or untruly declare certificate, to jny income or amount of income, or shall make a second daim forfeit 501. fcr the same cause, he, she, or they, so offending, shall forfeit'Ae sum of fifty pounds, and treble the duty chargeable in respect of all the sources of income of such person or persons, and as if soch claim had not been allowed.

CLXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the income on Rules for csti-which an exemption or allowance may be granted, shall be matin& in'

[ fstimated according to the following rules, which shall be ^hi^h^enip-j deemed a part of this act, as if the same had been inserted tions or allow-trader a special enactment. ances may be

'Erst.  In cases of aggregate income arising from two or more ^ranted souroes, where any part thereof shall arise from property Aggregate 1 or profits not included in the particulars for which an ex- mcom^ emption or allowance is directed to be made, the amount of.duty hereby charged on such property or profits, shall be deducted from the estimate of income, and the amount of income shall be estimated after such deduction made; provided that the charge on property or profits, not included in the said particulars, shall not be affected by such deduction or-estimate, but shall be charged and levied as if no such claim had been made:

Second.  The income arising from die occupation of lands or Income from tenements if in England, shall be estimated for the purpose laads. of granting such exemption or allowance at three-fourths of the annual value thereof, on which the duty under Schedule (B.) hath been charged, and if in Scof/and, at one-half of such annual value; and the income arising from a lease of, or composition for tythes shall be estimated at one-fourth of such annual value thereof; and the exemption or allowance ;hi respect of such income shall be granted on the amount so estimated:

j Third.  In cases of partnership, none but an acting partner Partnership.

shall be admitted to claim such exemption or allowance, and 1 in case only such partner shall have declared his proportion

of profits in order to a separate assessment:

Fourth.  In cases of joint occupancy of lands, none but the Joint occu-occupiers personally acting therein shall be admitted to make such claim, and in cases only of such separate assessments as aforesaid:

Fifth.  No person acquiring an income by means of the occtl- Person not to pation of lands, or of any concern in working the soil, or by*

means of any trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern in ^j^s cer_

the nature of trade, or of any profession, employment, or tain cases, vocation, shall be denied the benefit of such claim by reason of the property or capital boni side employed in or about the concern, or under pretence that the profits arising therefrom ?ure derived from the property or capital so employed.

264 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

Exempting

CLXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever die artisans income of any person shall have arisen wholly from labour jafc do not exceed daily or weekly wages, or by the task or piece either as a a certain sum labourer, artisan, or handicraftsman, mechanic, or manufactures^ per week, and and the wages received shall not have exceeded in any one week n^Jja.vine in the preceding year, or in any subsequent week previous to o income.^assessmentj the gum Of thirty shillings, or other greater wages or earnings from employment in husbandry in time of; harvest, and the same shall be proved by the declaration at writing of such person, signed by him or her in his or her asm name, in the form and manner directed in this act, and by certificate of any person or persons by whom such wages or an part thereof shall have been paid, certifying the rate of siusi wages, and the duration of service, and his, her, or their in the truth of the matters of such declaration as far as, ther may be within his or their knowledge, and m case it shall -pear that such person shall not be in the receipt of any sum or sums of money arising from any other source, then and in dvery such case it shall be lawful for the respective of and others acting in the execution of this act, without further account to adjudge the income so arising for the preceding year as not amounting to fifty pounds, and to grant an exempt tion from the said duty in respect of such income: provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed, to restrain any such person from claiming and proving his claim, to any other exemption or allowance granted Dy this act in the manner directed by the preceding clauses of this act: provided also, that no labourer, artisan, handicraftsman, mechanic, or manufacturer^ shall be excluded from the benefit of such exemption in respect of such wages as aforesaid, by reason cf, his deriving a. part of his income from property not exceeding the annual value of five pounds.

CLXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any person shall have duly claimed and proved his title to such allowance as aforesaid, for income less than one hundred and fifty pounds per annum, and such person shall have made insurance on his life, or on the life of his wife, the amount of the annual premium whereon, shall have been included in the amount of such income, there shall be granted out of the duties so charged a further allowance, bearing the like proportion to the amount of duty charged, as the amount of such premium bears to the amount of income proved.

CLXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such claim shall be made to the of of the district where the claimant shall reside, whether such claimant shall be personally charged in such district or not; except where the whole income of the claimant shall arise from ap office or employment of profit, the duties whereon are cog-nizable before the of of a department of office, or from a pension or stipend, in all which cases the claim may be made to, and allowed by the of of such depart

naent

Premium for insurance on lives to be allowed.

Claim to be mado where the claimant resides; nonresidents to claim by affidavit.

Goc

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 6z6$

merit of office wherein the said duties are cognizable under the filiations of this act; and if such claimant shall be out of Great Britain, an affidavit stating the several matters required kp this act, taken before any person having authority to ad-mmster an oath in the place where such claimant shall reside, in any matter relating to any part of the publick revenue of Great Britain, may be received by the respective commissioners fcr executing this act, in relation to the assessment on which inch claim shall be founded.

CLXXX. And be it further enacted, That the exemptions Exemption mi allowances granted under the authority of this act, shall be and allow-{nnted according to the following rules, and as S'.  applicable to the case in question, which rules shall be deemed

apart of this act as if the same had been inserted under a special enactment.

Erst  In ail cases where claims shall be made in respect of the How granted gross charge on property or profits of the claimants, arising OII

wholly in the same parish or place where the claimant shall in the parish reside, the of shall cause an entry thereof to be of residence, made in their books, with the names of the claimants, and the amounts of their respective incomes as proved, and the amount.of the sums allowed to each claimant; and in cases of exemption shall exclude the whole sum from the net assess-.. ment* and in cases of allowances shall include in the net assessment the difference only between the gross assessment.and the sum allowed, and shall cause certificates of the net assessments to be delivered to the collectors, but without discharging in any other rqpnner the gross assessment or striking the same out of their books;

Second.  In all cases where any such claim as aforesaid shall How granted be made, in respect of the charge on property or profits of OIJ income the claimants, arising in different parishes or places in the th/dtffer- same district, and by the same of, or partly on ent parishes in such property or profits, and partly in respect of any. annuity the same or annuities arising out of property or profits charged upon district*any person or persons other than the claimant, and the assessment on such claimant in any one parish or place in the district where such claim shall be made, shall be sufficient to answer the amount of the allowance made to such claimant, h shall be lawful for the of to allow the whole sum in such one parish or place, and to proceed therein as in the first rule, as if the whole property or profits of the claimant had arisen in such1 one parish or place; and where one such assessment shall not be sufficient, they shall oppor-iforrtbe allowance between two or more such assessments, in such manner as they shall think fit, without regard to the proportion in which such property or profits in each such parish or place shall have been assessed, and so as to give relief to the party in the most convenient manner, and shall' nuke their entries of discharge ii> the books of the respective Parishes accordingly*, an4 where such claim shall be made ip or in different

districts.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c 65. [1806.

respect of the charge on property or profits of the claimant, arising in different parishes or places, situate in different districts of of, and the assessment or assessmentspn such claimant in the district where such claim shall hare been made shall not be sufficient to answer the allowance to be made to such claimant, then the of by 1 whom the claim shall have been allowed shall grant a certificate for such part of the allowance as cannot be made in that district where the claim was so allowed, and, in case' 6)6 deficiency can be satisfied out of any assessment on the said claimant in any other district, shall grant a certificate thereof stating the amount of the allowance to be made in such other district; all which certificates shall be delivered to the collectors of\he respective parishes where the assessments tt> which such certificates relate shall have been made $ and dtt collector or collectors shall receive such certificates as cad^ and shall act in all respects as if the amount of the allowanci in each parish or place had been in proportion to the assessment therein, and the certificate shall be returned to the commissioners of the same district in the manner directed by the seventh rule herein after set forth, in order that the said of may enter the same in their books in discharge of the sums so certified, and as if the same allowances had been granted by them in the manner directed in other cases falling within the said first and second rules:

Third.  In all cases where any such claim as aforesaid shall be made in respect of any annuity or annuities before described, arising out of property or profit# charged upon any person or persons, other than the claimant, either wholly or in part, and which cannot be satisfied out of any assessment! made on the claimant, according to the second rule, or in respect of any such annuity or annuities charged on pul* lick annuities, dividends, and shares, the duty whereon shall be paid by the respective persons and corporations entrusted with the payment of such publick annuities, dividends, and shares, a certificate signed by the of granting the allowance, shall in each case fee delivered to such claimant in respect of such annuity or annuities, specifying the amount of income of the claimant, the amount of such annuity or annuities and by whom payable, and the amount of the allowance in respect of such annuity or annuities: Certificates to Fourth.  Every certificate granted according to the third be delivered rule, except for annuities payable out of publick annuities as aforesaid in the actual receipt of the annuitants, shall be delivered by the claimant to the person by whom the annuity or annuities mentioned therein shall be payable at the time of such payment, and shall be an*authority to the claimant to demand the amount of such allowance, together with the Residue of such annuity or annuities, without further deduction thereout than such sums, if any, as shall after such allowance remain chargeable in respect of

Where the income arises from annual payments from property charged on others, which cannot be satisfied out of any assessment on the party, a certificate to be granted.

to the party making the payment;

267

such annuity or annuities, and every such certificate granted in respect of any annuity payable out of publick annuities as aforesaid in the actual receipt of the annuitants, shall be delivered by the claimant to die collector or collectors of the parish or place where such annuitants shall reside, by indorsement under the hand of such person, and shall be received by such collector as cash, and applied by him according to the sixth rule herein after mentioned: lifth.  dEirery certificate granted under the third rule, and and by him to / delivered to the person mentioned therein as liable to the the collector* payment of such annuity or annuities, shall be transferred to the collector or collectors of the parish or place where such person shall reside by indorsement under the hand of such person, and shall be received from such person by such collector as cash, on account of such person indorsing; the same:

sixth.  Every certificate granted under the authority of this Certificates to act, and delivered to any collector or collectors as afore- by 8a*

said, either by the of or the person named a^ment I therein, shall be applied in discharge or satisfaction of so unpaid, or to; much of the duty charged on and then payable by the entitle the person delivering the same or on whose account the allow- bearer to re-| ance was granted; and in case the assessments on suchp y ! persons shall have been fully paid and sdtisfied before the delivery of such certificates, or in case such assessment shall be insufficient, or no such assessment shall have been made oh such persons in the parish where such certificates shall be I delivered, the said collector or collectors shall pay to the persons transferring such certificates by indorsement the amount of the allowances granted thereby, oir so much thereof as shall be necessary:

Seventh.  Every certificate transferred to any collector or collec- Certificates to tors by indorsement shall be numbered progressively by him be delivered or them, and before the accounts for that year shall be closed, dull be delivered to the clerk of the commissioners of the collectorJwho district by the respective collectors, taking the clerk's receipt shall receive.for the same, who shall enter the same in a book to be provided a schedule of for that purpose in their order as nuttfbeted progressively; discharge*, and the said of shall cause a schedule thereof to be carefully prepared for each parish or place in their district, which shall be signed by them, and delivered to the receiver-general in discharge of so much of the assessments in such parishes or places respectively; all which schedules, made and signed under the authority of this act, shall be allowed in the accounts of the respective receivers-general:

Eighth.  No claim in respect of any annuity or annuities shall be Claims in readmitted, unless the claimant shall have duly returned, or J^itiesnotto caused to be returned within the time in this act limited, Readmitted and in the manner herein directed, a full, true, and perfect unless the statement of the whole of his or her income, estimated accord-claimant shall

ing have returned

a statement of his whole income.

Joint tenants*

ing to this act to the best of his or her judgement or belief) from whatever source or sources the same may arise, and sbo a declaration annexed to such statement of his or tar intention to make such claim.

CLXXXI. And be it further enacted, That coparcfeneiSjiwnfc &Si mf^8evc" tenants, or tenants in common, of the profits of any prop^tf abatements. w^atev^ri and any joint tenants, pr tenants of lands or ton* ments in partnership, being in the actual and joint occupa^ott thereof in partnership, and entitled to the profits thereof in shares, and personally labouring the rein, or managing the samel and any partners carrying on trade, or exercising any profession together, and entitled to the profits thereof in stares, and personally acting the rein, may severally claim such exemptions or allowances, according to their respective shares and interests in the manner before directed $ and such claims being duly proved to the satisfaction of the of to whom the same are made, may be proceeded upon as in the ernes Except farms of several interests: provided always, that the profits so arising in one demise, 3]^ not [n any case foe charged separately to the duty in dudvepmk" respect of the occupation of lands, where lands shall be let, or session. underlet without relinquishing the possession by the lessor, or where the lessee or lessees, tenant or tenants, shall not be exclusively in the possession and occupation of the lands so let Commission- CLXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the respectne m for offices of for the departments of office, before whom any may proceed claims for exemptions or allowances in respect of pensions c

empttons, to Stipends payable at those offices respectively, shall be" made, may proceed therein upon reference to the documents in their respective offices, without requiring the production by the claimant of any grant of such pensions or stipends, or other documents, authorising such payments, and without obtaining the judgement and determination of the commissioners for special purposes therein.

CLXXXIII. And be it further enacted, Th^t any such claim or appeal may be made by any guardian, trustee, attorney, agent, or factor on account of others, in any case where satisfactory proof shall be made that the party claiming such exemption or allowance is unable to attend in person, or such claim may be made by the several persons acting in any of the characters hereinbefore described, in such manner as they may act for others, for the purpose of being assessed oh their account in the first instance, as hereinbefore directed.

CLXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every case of abatements to a claim of exemption or allowance as aforesaid, if the commit-oath^if re^s'oners ^or ge^era^ purposes shall think proper to require avr-re* rification of the declaration to be so delivered as aforesaid, or of the statement delivered by the party, or therein contained, orwj'part thereof, they shall give notice thereof to the person or persons claiming such exemption or allowance, to appear before

them to verity such declaration or statement y and every jwyoa

or allowance for pensions or stipends.

Claims may br made by fcgents or trustees on-account Of' others.

Claims to

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 269

to whom such notice shall be given, shall, and he and she is hereby required to appear before the said of, and on oA or solemn affirmation to be administered by one or more < the said of, to verify the contents of his or her fakfation or statement, and which oath or affirmation shall be, fat the contents of such declaration are true, to the best of his m her judgement or belief, and which oath or affirmation shall signed or subscribed with the proper name of the party -taking the same; provided such person shall be at liberty to amend such declaration or statement, or any part thereof i before he or she shall be' required to fake such oath or affirma-ti as aforesaid.

I. CLXXXV. And be it further enacted, That if in the course Mode o'in-4#f any inquiry before the said respective of for the amount "f the ^mpose of granting any exemption or allowance authorised by jtius act, they shall think it necessary to ascertain the amount of property in AechaTge on any person or persons out of the limits of the city, other di l&wn, ot place for which they shall act, then and in such case8tncU* the of for the affairs of taxes shall, on a certificate or*

xertificates thereof, transmit such certificates to the respective of acting for the division or place, or divisions or 1 places where such person has been assessed or charged to such; -other duties; and the said last mentioned of shall, j-00 the receipt of such certificates respectively, inquire into the amount of the sunror sums with which such person or persons hate been charged to such duties within the limits of the division or place where such last mentioned of act; and the said last, mentioned of having satisfied themselves of such sum or sums, shall transmit a certificate thereof under the hands of any two or more of them to the said of for the affairs of taxes, to be laid before the said of making such inquiry as aforesaid, to the qpd that such person or persons may be justly charged, and such exemptions or allowances may be granted as directed by this act.

CLXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Relief from person or persons shall have been or shall be assessed in one di- a8, es* itriet to the duties, whether charged on such person or persons on his, her, or their own accounts, or in any of the characters hereinbefore described on the behalf of any other person or persons, and shall have been or shall be again assessed in another district for the same cause, and on the same account, it shall be, lawful for such person or persons to apply to the commissioners for general purposes acting in or for the 'division or place for which such persons shall have been so assessed as aforesaid, for the purpose of being relieved from such double assessment, and die of acting for the division or place within* whick toch person or persons shall have been first assessed to the said dudes, shall, upon application, give or cause to be given a certificate under the hands of any two of such of, of the amount of the assessment mere made, whidi certificate shall be given gratis* upon the production of which certificate to the

V j^ommissioneyrs

A70 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

of for general purposes acting for such other dr* strict within which such person or persons shall have been asaettP ed for the same cause and on the same account, such last w/ttkb tioned of shall cause the double assessment in such district, or such part thereof for which such double asaM* ment shall be made, to be vacated, so that such person or pdfr. sons may not remain charged by more than one assessment t the same cause, and on the same account. afrv

Coimmsion- CLXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the commit ers to enter sioners for general purposes, acting in relation to the dnrigtf men* irf8S- conta*nedn Schedule (D.), shall, in their respective books w book*, and assessment, enter and cause to be entered the several amonntf send accounts of the sums assessed by them \ and they shall from time to to the tax- make out or cause to be made out, and hall transmit or cawjg

cc' 'to be transmitted to the commissioners for the affairs of tuitl

accounts of the amount of duty assessed by them, distinguishfonK the amount charged on each person, which accounts shall av verally be made out, with the particulars required by this aetfe and they shall also from time to time make out or cause to made out, and shall transmit or cause to be transmitted to tbfl of for the affairs of taxes, lists containing the naroq^ description, and place of residence, of all and every person ar* persons assessed by them respectively, as soon as the saafe conveniently can be done, which lists shall be made ont ml cording to an alphabetical arrangement of the respective parishes-or places of residence in their respective districts.

Commission- CLXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be ere to issue lawful for the respective of, or any two or mart their warrants of them, executing this act in relation to the aforesaid dutk

0 co ection. Qr aRy of them, and they are hereby respectively required, for the districts for which they act, within one calendar month after the first day of heading appeals, all appeals then made being first determined, to issue out and deliver to the respective collectors, duplicates of the aforesaid duties charged at the respective rates mentioned in the respective schedules herein recited, together with their warrants, as directed by the said recited acts respectively, for the speedy and effectually levying and collecting the said duties as the same shall become payable by quarterly instalments, in the respective parts of Great Britain as herein directed, distinguishing the amount charged on each of the said recited schedules; and 9uch part thereof at cannot be levied and collected according to the powers of this act in the parish or place where the same are charged, or by certificate in any other parish or place according to the directions of the acts herein mentioned, shall be recoverable as a debt upon record to the King's Majesty, his heirs and successors, with full costs of suit, and all charges attending the same; and when so recovered the said duties shall be paid to the receiver-general, in aid of the parish or place answerable for the same. Parish to be CLXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the parish or answerable for place in which any assessment shall have been made, or shall collectors. be

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.71

It made-of the aforesaid duties by the commissioners for ge-ted purposes, under any of the Schedules marked (A.B. or D.) jfau >e answerable for the amount of the duties which shall so fit been, or be charged in such parish or place, and for the lii duties being duly demanded of the respective persons larged therewith, according to the regulations contained in

ic said recited acts respectively, by the collector or collectors (pointed for such parish or place, and also for such collector rcollectors duly paying the sums by him or them received to t receiver-general of the said duties according to such regu-lioiu.

CXC. And be it further enacted, That any of the arrears of Arrears to be ie said duties arising from the default as aforesaid, pr by the re"a8sessc fere of any collector, for which any parish or place as aforesaid shall be answerable, shall be assessed within or upon such Suh or place as soon after such default shall be discovered as nveniently can be done, and shall be charged on the amount the assessment which shall be made for the same duties in t year commencing from the fifth day of April preceding the Sfi of making such re-assessment, by duly apportioning the pouot of such arrear amongst the several persons assessed in tat year, in the assessment of the same duties on which such pear shall have accrued, according to the amount of each moo's assessment therein, as nearly as the case will admit, id by the like rules, methods, and directions by which the original assessment was made, to be raised and levied in such tenner as any assessment may be by virtue of this act raised id levied under the regulations of the said recited acts restively.

CXCI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen Commission-fat this act cannot be executed previous to the time appointed era to adjust far the payment of the first or any subsequent instalment of^ent $e said last mentioned jjuties, or within the year of assessment, appointed t shall be lawful for the commissioners for general purposes days are ?ho shall have made oi allowed any assessment after the period elapsed; and pointed for any such payment, which they are hereby declared ^e8S

Jo be competent to flo whenever the same shall be necessary, than the to letde and adjust at what tin\e and in what proportions amount of the instalment or instalments, of which the time or times for two instal-ptyment shall thdn have elapsed, shall be paid, in such mannernt8 on eacil is to them shall appear just and reasonable, regard being had to the number of days appointed for the payment of instalments then to come (if any) in the year of making the assessment; provided that on or before every quarterly day of payment as Win mentioned, after the making su<; h assessment in the same or ay subsequent year, the said of shall direct at lea the amount of two quarterly payments to be made until all wears, either for that or any former or subsequent year, shall have been completed.

CXCII. And be it further enacted, That every assessment to Assessments he made under this act within the year appointed for making to be for one

Digged by the payable

by four instalments.

Notices to be given from time to time to residents who have not been before

charged.

Persons coming to reside in a district, on notice being left with them to declare where charged, or deliver a statement for the purpose of being assessed, under a penal+Vi

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.

the same, shall be deemed to be for the current year oc 7eai % and shall be in force for such year or years $ and every assets* fnent made after the expiration of any year in which the same Ought to have been made, shall be deemed to be for the whob of the year or years current when the assessment ought to haft been made, and such year shall commence from the fifth day el April one thousand eight hundred and six, for the first asses* ment, and for every subsequent assessment during the am* tinuance of this act from the fifth day of April in such yea^ and the said duties which shall be charged in England, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, except where the same shall be (tag tained and stopped at the respective offices, shall be payablf in each year by four quarterly instalments at the times fofiou ' videlicet: on or before the twentieth day of Juneiox the quarterly instalment, on or before the twentieth day of Septt for the second quarterly instalment, on or before the twentt day of December for the third quarterly instalment, and ong before the twentieth day of March for the last quarterly iiW stalment, in each year; and in Scotland, the said duties shall fa| payable by two half-yearly instalments 5 videlicet: on or befblj the twentieth day of September for the first half-yearly inst^k ment, and on or before the twentieth day of March for the bm half-yearly instalment; the payment thereof for the first assessment to be regulated as to the proportion of the sums and of payment by the respective of, pursuant to thl^ directions hereinbefore contained.

CXCIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall come into any parish or place wherein such person or persons shall not have been before charged to the said dutigj contained in any of the said schedules, for the said year, dib assessor or assessors, or collector or collectors, or any inspector or surveyor, shall give or leave notice in writing to or for eretj such person so residing within the limits for which such assessor^ Collectors, inspectors, or surveyors respectively act, to make out; and deliver within fourteen days next ensuing the day of giving such notice, a declaration in*writing signed by him or her* with his or her own proper name, which shall specify the nam*. of the parish or place, county or counties wherein such person* shall have been assessed as aforesaid for such year, and also to produce the certificate of such assessment, or in default thereof to deliver a statement for the purpose of being assessed in such parish or place; and if any such person as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to make out and sign and deliver such declaration or statement as aforesaid, within the time before mentioned, OC shall make any false or untrue return therein in any particular thereof, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding twenty pounds; and when in Tffj case it shall not appear in the assessment of any parish or place* for that year, that any person or persons residing or briqg therein, snail have been assessed to the said duties in the me parish or place, then and in such case it shall be lawful to die

re^ctiw

*73

wpective of acting for the said district, and they ire hereby required to proceed in manner before directed, to B$es$ such persons to the said several duties, or either of them, like manner, in every respect, as if such person had been lent in such parish or place at the time of the publication of notices as directed by this act, unless such person shall prove eir satisfaction that he or she hath been duly charged in wir.e other parish or place, and hath paid or satisfied the duties charged; and if any person or persons, before or after notice Removing out mttft to return a statement as aforesaid, shall remove out of of a parish or inch parish or place without returning such statement, or be- place, without an assessment shall be made on him, her, or them, with assess-

; rent to evade an assessment, or if any person or persons being ment, or not to the said duties shall remove out of the parish or leaving 6ufli-phe? where he, she, or they shall have been assessed to the said c*ent Sd* cities, without first paying or discharging all the said duties to C

rged upon him, her, or them, which shall then be due and forfeit twenty ble, or without leaving in such parish or place sufficient pounds, is and chattels whereon the said duties in arrear may be raised and levied, and the same shall remain in arrear and un-id for the space of twenty days after the time appointed by ict for payment thereof, every such person shall for every offence forfeit and pay (over and above the said duties so unpaid as aforesaid) the sum of twenty pounds; and in Arrears to bt ry such case, and also in every case where any person or J^'kd by jns shall reside in any other parish or place than the parish district where: ace where the charge shall be made on him, her, or them, the party re-irsuance of this act, and the same shall be certified to the side; and if T.issioners for the affairs of taxes, to be in arrear and un- sufficient fied in the whole or in part, it shall be lawful for the said ^un^tho missioners for the affairs of taxes, to certify to the com- deficiency to doners of the district within which such person or persons be recovered reside, the whole amount of the assessment made upon as a debt on person or persons, and such last mentioned commissioners1^0'all thereupon issue a warrant of distress for the recovery of whole duty that shall then have been assessed on such m or persons, together with the costs and charges attending ume; and if goods or chattels cannot be found whereon h distress shall be fully made, then and in every such case, whole of such arrear of duty, and costs and charges as resaid, or such part thereof as cannot be levied and collected distress as aforesaid, shall be recoverable as a debt upon rd to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, together with costs and charges attending the same.

CXCIV. And be it further enacted, That if any difference Commissiom-11 arise between tenant and landlord, or any other person or 9ett^e; ryons to whom any interest, rent, rent-charge, annuity, fee, betwe erf: rra-rent, rent-service, quit-rent, feu-duty, or other rent or landlord and u; il payment, shall be payable, touching die sums to be de- tenant, cted thereout on account of the duties hereby charged having >: n paid, or between the occupier for the time being, and any Vol. XLVI. T former

Contracts between landlords and tenants or

not to be binding contrary to this act.

274 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 6$.

[1806.

former occupier of any messuages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages, his, her, or their executors, administnrtflpf, or assigns, touching the proportion of duty to be paid or alkmi by either party, the respective of for general poses, or any two or more of them, in their several distfitlgf shall have authority, and they are hereby required, to settle dp proportions of such payments and deductions as shall beat* cording to the directions of this act; and in default of payment!? levy the same respectively, under the like powers as they trig}* have levied the same if the assessment had been made in dkl same proportions, and to pay over the same to" the cofiectQMr] party as the case may require, and the judgement and mination of such of shall be final.

CXCV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, no contract, covenant, or agreement between landlord tenant, or any other persons, touching the payment of other persons, and assessments to be charged on their respective pr shall be deemed or construed to extend to the duties thereon as aforesaid, nor to be binding contrary to the and meaiting of this act, but that all such duties shall be <*upon and paid by the respective occupiers, subject to deductions and repayments as are by this act authorised^ allowed; and all such deductions and repayments shall bei and allowed accordingly, notwithstanding such contracts, nants, or agreements.

CXCVI. And be it further enacted, That if any who ought to be charged as directed by this act, shall, by i changing their dulently changing or having changed his or her place of residence, or dence, or by fraudulently converting or having converted f her property or any part thereof, or by fraudulently re' assigning, or conveying, or having fraudulently released, signed, or conveyed the same or any part thereof, or by 1 and delivering any such statement or schedule as afo which shall be false or fraudulent, or, haviqg any prop chargeable as last aforesaid, shall fraudulently convert ori have fraudulently converted the same or any part thereof, J altering or having altered any security with relation to H property, or by fraudulently rendering or having -rendered^ tame or any part thereof temporarily unproductive, in that such person may not be charged for the same or any p0tl thereof, or by any falsehood, wilful neglect, fraud, covin, contrivance whatsoever already used or practised, 01 used or practised, shall not be charged ai\d assessed ac the true intent and meaning of this act, every such person^ on proof thereof before any two or more of the said 1 of for general purposes, acting for the wherein such person shall be chargeable, be charged-sussed double the amount of the charge which ought 6$} been made on such person if no such charge shal' made; and if any such charge shall have heen t shall be less than the charge which ought to

t / vl 1*

Penalty on persons fraudulently

converting property, or delivering false statements*

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65; 27$

on such person* then such person shall be assessed and charged over and above such former charge, double the amount of the difference between the sum with which such person shall have been charged; and the sum with which he or she ought to have been charged, to be added to such assessment, and applied as in other cases as aforesaid.

CXCVII. And be it further enacted, That if by any error Commission-an assessment, or any part thereof, shall made upon the^a^ing in profits err gains arising from any property, or from any office duties in*0*or employment of profit which shall have been otherwise Schedule(Dj>, charged, it shall be lawful for the said of acting for may rectify general purposes, in relation to the duties contained in Schedule assessments (D.) on due proof thereof to their satisfaction, to cause such ^Pon propertr assessments on such parts thereof as shall be so doubly assessed, which shall 7 to be vacated, and which proof shall be either by a certificate of have been the assessment made on such property, or on such office or0^hcrwi8e employment, under the hands of two or more of the commis-thulct*1*" turners by whom such last mentioned assessment shall have been made, and that the same is included in such last mentioned assessment, or by other lawful evidence given on those jacts, on the oath or oaths of any credible witness or witnesses; and whenever such of shall certify to the commis-

E* >ners for the affairs of taxes, that such double assessment th been made, and is not vacated, and that payment hath been made of both assessments, it shall be lawful for the said of for the affairs of taxes, to order and direct the teceivers-general, who shall have received the sums so doubly assessed, to repay the same to the party, which order shall be to authority to such receiver-general to repay the same, and tech repayment shall be allowed in his accounts.

CXCVIII. And be it further enacted, That in the compu- What deduction of duty to be made under this act, in any of the cases before be allowed^ mentioned, either by the party making the same, or by the making respective of, it shall not be lawful to make any estimates, other deductions therefrom, than such as are expressly enumerated in this act, nor to make any deduction which by any of the rules contained in the said schedules*or in this act, are directed not to be allowed or made, nor to make any deduction on account of any annual interest, annuity, or other annual payments to be paid to any person or persons, out of any profits or gains chargeable Dy this act, except the interest of debts due to foreigners not resident in Great Britain, in regard

teat a proportionate part of the duty so to be charged, is allowed 16 be deducted on making such payments; nor to makeimy deduction from the profits or gains arising from any property herein described, or from any office or employment of profit on account of diminution of capital employed, or of loss sustained in any trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern, or in ^profession, employment, or vocation*

CXCtX. And be it further enacted, That where any person Parents and ]petinns chargeable with the dutieshpreby made payable as

' 2 jr 2 aforesaid, luWe or

2j6

infants, and executors for persons dying.

to the penalties of perjury.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65; [1806.

aforesaid, shall be under the age of twenty-one years, or where any persons so chargeable shall die; in every such case the'parents, guardians, or tutors of such infants respectively, upon default of payment by such infants, and the executors and administrators of the person so dying, shall be and are hereby made liable to, and charged with the payments which the said infants ought to have made, or the persons so dying were chargeable with; and if such parents, guardians, or tutors, or such executors or administrators shall neglect or refuse to pay as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to proceed against them in like manner as against any other person or persons making default of payment of the said duties: and all parents, guardians, or tutors, making payment as aforesaid, shall be allowed all and every sum and sums paid for such infants, in his, her, or their accounts; and all executors and administrators shall be allowed to deduct all such payments out of the assets of the person so dying.

Persons giving CC. And be it further enacted, That if any person upon false evidence any such examination, on oath or affirmation, or in any aR or swearing davit, deposition, or affirmation authorised by this act, shall asey, 1a e wjjfu|2y an(j COrrupdy give false evidence, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, every such person so offending and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to te subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being, persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

CCI. And be it further enacted, That any indictment 01 information for perjury committed in any such affidavit, do* position, or affirmation as aforesaid, whether the same shall be taken or made within Great Britain or without, shall and may be laid, tried, and determined in the county where such affida? vit, deposition, or affirmation shall be exhibited to the of in pursuance of this act.

Punishment of CCII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons guilty persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure alterin^cer^ to be counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully

tificates or act or assist in forging, counterfeiting, or altering any certificate receipts given or certificates of the said of acting in th^ execution <under this act. Of this act> authorising or purporting to authorise iy allowance under this act, or the amount of any. sum or sums contained in any certificate or certificates of the said of, aftet the same shall have been delivered by the said of, v or any certificate or receipt which the cashier or cashiers ol

the bank of England, or any receiver-general or his deputy, air or is by this act authorised to give on the receipt of any money papble under this act, or shall utter any such forged, counterfeited, or altered certificate, or any such receipt, with intent defraud his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, or any body or bodies politick or corporate, or any person whomsoever, toen

and hi every such case, aj^i^e|^ery person or persons so

D, g, tizdby i'- offending,

Indictments may be tried in the county where the affidavit was exhibited.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. kjj

offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be transported for the term of fourteen years.

CCIII. And be it further enacted, That if upon the trial of any Prescribing indictment, information, action, suit, or prosecution whatsoever, or in any proceedings relative thereto, under and by virtue of [  courTo*' this or the said recited acts, or for any thing done in pursuance persons being of this act, or for any offence committed against this act, or in commission-any matter arising out of this act, or on occasion thereof, any cr8* question shall arise whether any person be a commissioner or officer of or for the said duties, or commissioned or appointed to act as such, then and in every such case, proof may be made and admitted, that such person was reputed to be, or had acted as such commissioner or officer, or acted under such commission jpr appointment at the time and times respectively when the matter or matters in controversy upon such trial or trials, or other proceedings, shall happen to have been done or committed,

'or omitted to have been done or performed, without producing to proving the particular commission, appointment, nomination,

r other authority whereby such commissioner or officer Iras constituted and appointed; and that in every such case Mch proof shall be deemed and taken by all judges, justices, or of, before whom any such trial or proceedings shall ftebad, to be good and legal evidence, unless by other evidence Ae contrary shall be made to appear 5 any law or usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CCIV. And whereas his Majesties subjects residing out of Great Britain, and others, may be desirous of voluntarily contri hting towards the purposes of this act) be it further enacted,

That it shall be lawful for any person or persons, body corpo- Voluntary 'Sate or politick, at any time or times during the continuance of contributions fob act, to payor cause to be paid to the said governor and ecJ ^CCCIV" Company, or to their cashier or cashiers, or other person or Bank, persons to be authorised by them, any sunr or sums of money a and for a voluntary contribution for the purpose of carrying or die war; and in such case to require a certificate or certificates for the same, acknowledging the payment of such vohmtary contribution, which sums to be paid as aforesaid for which such certificates shall be required, shall be deemed and liken to he voluntary contributions of such persons* body poll-, tick- ot corporate respectively, towards effecting the purposes of mis act, and shall be applied as the other monies paid into the tank of England^ by virtue of this act may be applied.

CCV. And be it further enacted, That the governors and Bank to Pel* directors of the bank of England shall open an account, in their books with the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the Treasury, foot being, for eafch year during the continuance of this act, taitr the title of 4f The Commissioners of the Treasury, on mofe&t'of contributions granted and allowed by parliament hrbhe year " and shall carry to

&*tact-of soih account, all monies arising from the duties

>gl(charged

Tower to return money erroneously paid.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 6$.

[1806.

charged at the said bank of Ertglandy and also alithe, toeote* authorised by this act to be paid to the governor and company of the said bank of Ertglandy or to their cashier or cashiers, or I other person or persons to be authorised by them, within each such year during the continuance of this act, except such monies as shall be "paid at the said bank of Ertglandy under a certificate lettered or numbered, authorising such payment iji respect of particular assessments as before directed to be plated to another account.

CCVI. And be it further enacted, That where any person or persons shall have paid or shall hereafter pay into the bank of England, or to any receiver-general, any sum or sums of money on account of the duties herein recited, and it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, that such sum or sums, or any part thereof, was so paid by mistake^ and is not included in any assessment or charge made of the sad duties, and that the same according to the true intent and mean* ing of this act, ought to be repaid, it shall be lawful for the said of for the affairs of taxes, or any three or more id them, to certify the same to the cashier or cashiers of the bank of Ertglandy and to such receiver or receivers-general respectively; and the certificate of the said of for the affairs of taxes, shall be an authority to such cashier or cashiers, and to such receiver or receivers-general respectively, to repay sucl sum of money to or for the party who shall nave so paid dm and shall be a discharge to such cashiers and receivers*

same.

Special of to

ment.

general respectively for such repayment, and shall entitle then# respectively to take credit for such payments in their respectk# books and accounts.

CCVII. And be it further enacted, That where any aBow^rtff^adow0 ance ment'one<^n number VI. Schedule (A.), shall be granted ances granted by the commissioners for special purposes to be appointed by, them to under the authority of this act, it shall be lawful for sucheonw* receiver-gene- missioners, or any two or more of them, to certify the same ral for pay- receiver-general of the county or place where the property?

hospital, school, or alms-house, in respefet of which such allow* ances shall have been granted, is situate; and the certificate of Such of shrill be an authority to every such receiver* general to pay the amount so certified to the party entiled thereunto, and shall be a discharge to such receiver-general foe such payment; and where such property, and such hospital; school, or ahns-house shall be in different counties, it shall be lawful for the said of to certify the whole amount in the county where the greatest assessment of ike" property ias been made, '; or where'such^hospital, school, or alms-house is situate.

CCVflI. And be it further enacted, That k shall be kwfel contributions fOT aTIy person or persons, at any time or rimes during the aMhc time of ^nuance of this act, charged to or liable to the payment of any paying the of the duties by this act granted, to pay or cause to be pdd duties into the the said governor and company, or to their cashier or cashfett.

Of

Voluntary

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 279.

c* teller person or persons to be authorised by them, any sura or stas of money on account of such duties, and to require a certificate of such payments; and ail sum* so paid, not exceeding dte amount of such duties, shall be deemed and taken to be oi account of such duties, and in advance of the same; and the atcess of the sums paid above the amount of the said duties,

&D be deemed and taken to be voluntary contributions towards At purposes of this^and the said recited act; and the certificates tsbe given upon the said payments shall, upon delivery thereof

i tito respective of or at their office, 'be an acquit-| tlate and discharge for so much and such parts of the said toes, as the person delivering the same shall indorse thereon.

CCIX. And be it further enacted, That the monies which Monies paid virtue of this act, be received by any deputy or deputies to deputy-tay receiver-general, or by any collector or collectors to be j^f^towTo toeinted as aforesaid, shall be paid, under the regulations of be paid to Af raid recited acts respectively, to the receiver-general appoint- receivers.

Her to be appointed by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, general, to at such times and in such manner as is directed by the said toiled acts respectively.

rCCX. And be it further enacted, That all monies stopped at Monies stopt iAe receipt of the exchequer in pursuance of this act, shall be at the receipt sted over to the proper officer in the said receipt, to be applied of^and^aid loch services as the other monies paid into the said receipt the Bank, ttty be applied; and all the monies paid into the bank of Eng- to be paid to, or there placed to the account of the commissioners of the over to the treasury as aforesaid, and the monies from time to time paid into {^tEe^xchc^ to said bank of England in pursuance of this act, by any per- qUer. xm or persons, shall be paid by the cashier or cashiers of the find Bank into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, within one [tack after such payment or transfer shall be made, for which foment no fee shall be demanded or taken at the said receipt of to exchequer.

CCXI. And be it further enacted, That the several assessors Allowances to ind collectors shall have three-pence in the pound for what officersi for mmtf of the several duties aforesaid the several collectors shall collectioit* Jftyto the receiver-general, his deputy or deputies, to be divided

ii each separate collection between the said assessors and collector, in such proportion as the respective of for general purposes shall order; and that for the careful writing tad transcribing the said assessments, warrants, estreats, and topBcotes indue titne, and for the due, speedy, and effectual ex-talking all matters and things directed to be performed under itottud of, and for the bearing and sustaining all Wetontal expences attending the execution of this act, under tfcdirection of the said respective of in their several districts, the clerk of the respective of, who shall ptafenn the duties of his office within the respective times United by this act, and shall have borne and sustained such incidental expences, shall, by warrant under the hands of two or

of the of, have and receive from the respective

zto Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65: [1806.

receivers-general, their deputy or deputies, two-pence in the pound of all such monies of the said several duties as shall-hw assessed in or by virtue of such warrants or certificates, whet it: hereby appointed and allowed to pay the same accordingly* and the clerk who shall not have borne and sustained such incidental expences shall by like warrant have and receiffe one penny in the pound of all such monies as aforesaid* 'provided this act be carried into execution in due time, in an effectual manner, for the district in which he sMt be appointed the clerk, and all warrants or estreats be made* and the duplicates be delivered to the receiver-general, into the office of the king's remembrancer, as aforesaid, whist, the times limited by tJiis act, and not otherwise*and n

- person except the assistant or assistants to such clerk (if a&j|{ shall, under any pretence whatever, be entitled to any part ofilft reward hereby given to such clerk, which compensations duf be apportioned and settled by the respective of shall such clerk, under any pretence whatever, demand, take, receive any fee, gratuity, or perquisite, for any matter or to be done by him, by virtue and under the authority of tl act, from any person or persons other than the receiver-geneaft* his deputy or deputies, in manner aforesaid: provided alwaygf that no such compensation shall be made to any assessor or cotfc lector in respect of any sum or sums detained or stopped uadg| the authority of this act, or paid into the bank of England+jfi in respect 01 any sums paid by the respective parties intbMC said Bank, nor to any receiver, nor to any of the persons or coin porations entrusted with the payment of annuities, dividends, an#-shares paid out of any publick revenue of Great Britain or elaw* where as aforesaid, other than such sum or sums as shall directed to be paid to such collectors, receivers, corporations, 4tj persons aforesaid, by the warrant of three or more of the commissioners of the Treasury, or the high treasurer for the tinajj being, for their pains and care in executing this act.

Further al-

CCXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fiat clerk00610' comraissiner$ his Majesty's treasury, or any three of more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time bein&.tft cause such further allowance to be made to such clerk as aforesaid who shall have faithfully performed his duty under this act, and shall have borne and sustained such incidental expences as aforesaid, of any sum not exceeding one penny in the pound on the amount of such part of the gross assessments as shall have been discharged on occasion of claims made and allowed under this act, on the ground of income, as they or he respeo> tively shall, on consideration of the extent and population of the district, and the number of claims allowed, think proper So direct and the certificate of the commissioners for the afifrs of taxes, or any three or more of them, shall be an authority to the receivers-general respectively to pay such further allowance.

Payment of duties not to

CCXIII. And be it further enacted, That the payment of Wf

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 281

of die duties made payable by dm act, by any person or per-confer a ins in any parish or place, shall not entitle the "person or settlement, persons so paying such duties, to a settlement in such parish or pbce.

CCXIV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penal- Recovery of ties and forfeitures imposed by this act, shall ai?d may be sued penalties, far, recovered, and applied in such manner and form as is dittoed in regard to the pecuniary penalties and forfeitures imposed by the said acts respectively, passed in the forty-third \ year of the reign of his present Majesty, the regulations i thereof are hereby made applicable to the duties in this act I contained.

CCXV. And be it further enacted, That all monies arising by Monies arising said respective duties and contributions (the necessary the dirges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall paf^into the ifipm time to time be paid intp the receipt of his Majesty's et- Exchequer. Aequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other jkanches of the publick revenues; apd that there shall be pro- -fUed and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of 'Jttchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arising fenn the said duties and contributions, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all liter monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and suc-pnwrs, upon any account whatever; and the said monies so jpidmto the said receipt, shall from time to' time as the same shall be paid into the said receipt, be. issued and applied to such lerricesas shall then h$ve been voted by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the present session of parliament; for the service of the year one thousand sight hundred and six, or shall be* voted by the said commons irthe service of any subsequent year; and the coipipissipners if his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three ttmore of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the tame accordingly: provided always, that out of the monies from commission-time to time arisen or to arise of or for the said duties m*de ers of the " payable by this act, it shkli be lawful to apd for the said coin- Treasury to t nsdoners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, now settle allow- or for the rime being, or the hign-treasurer for the time being, to settle and appoint such salaries and allowances, for die ser- other offices*: tice, pains, and labour of the surveyors. Inspectors, 'and other employed in - fficerso his Majesty to be employed in the execution of this the execution set, and otherwise in relation thereto, and also to discharge such^to dis^-incident charges and expences of such officers as, shall necessarily charge inci-atte&d the execution of this act, as the said of of dental ex-die Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high-trea- Pcllcea-met for die time being, shall think fit and reasonable iivthat behalf.

CCXVI. And be it further enacted, That no letters-patent No person to granted by his Majesty or any of his royal progenitors, or to be be exempted panted by his Majesty, to any person or persons, cities, boroughs, by letters

'feSt; Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. C. 65.

or towne corporate within this realm, of any manner of liberties privileges, or exemptions from subsidies, tolls, taxes, assessments or aids, nor any statute granting any salary, annuity, or pension, to any person or persons free of any taxes, deductions^ or assessments, shall be construed or taken to exempt any person or persons, city, borough, or town corporate, or any of the inha-

bitants of the same, from the burden and charges of any of the said duties; and all non obstantes in such statutes or letters-patent made r 6r to be made in bar of this act, are hereby declared to be void

and of none effect; any such statutes, letters-patent, grants or charters, or any clause of non obstante> or other matter or thing therein contained, or any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

provisions ap-

CCXVII. And be it further enacted, That -every provision <a narticula^ act conta*nec^am* applied to the duty in any particular ache* schedule, may dtrie, which shall also be'applicable to the duty in any othe) extend to schedule, and not repugnant to the provisions for charging, as-another sche- certaining, or levying the duty in such other schedule, shall, i* toe the, charPnl>* ascertaining, and levying the same, be applied as fully and effectually as if the application thereof had been so expresdf

and particularly directed, any thing herein contained to die contrary notwithstanding.

Schedule CFO CCXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the seheddt partof diU herein after mentioned, marked (F.) shall be deemed a part of &ik

let., act, as if the same had been inserted under a special enactmentV provided that the several oaths therein mentioned shall be deehte$ and understood, and taken to refer only to the duties contained to Schedule (D.) 1

Schedule (P.)

Form of an Oath or Affirmation to be taken by the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and by addmond Commissioners acting in the Execution thereof, in respect of the Dudes contained In Schedule (D.)

Oath to be taken by Commissioners for the purposes of the act, and additional of acting in respect of the duties contained in Schedule (D.)

1 T.A.B. do swear or affirm, [as the rase may be] That I will X truly, faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the bestofmy skill and knowledge, execute the powetfs and authorities vested in me by an act passed in the forty-sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled, [here set forth the title of this net], and that I will exercise the powers entrusted to me by the said act in such manner only as shall appear to me necessary for the due execution of the same; and that I will judge and determine upon all matters and things which shall be brought before me under the said act, without fayour, afsection, or malice, and that I will not disclose any particular contained in any schedule or statement, delivered with respect to any duties charged under the provisions and regulations relating to Schedule (D.), as recited in the said act, or any evidence or answer given by any person who shall be examined, or shall make affidavit, deposition, or affirmation respecting die same, in pursuance of the aaid act \ excepting in such

cass

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 83

ee*, and to such persons only who shall be sworn to the due I. execution of this act, and where it shall be necessary to disclose I the same for the purposes of this act, or to the commissioners for Ae affaire of taxes, or in order to, or in the course of a prosecution iar perjury committed in such examination, affidavit, deposition, m affirmation.

So help me GOD.

toffm of Oath or'Affirmation to be taken by Inspectors and Surveyors as aforesaid,

A.B. do swear [or affirm,] That in the execution of an act* e

i intituled, [here setforth the title of this act] I will examine and spec tors and inheall statements, schedules, and declarations, delivered within surveyors, bf district, and in objecting to the same I will act according to fc best of my information and knowledge, and that I will conduct Pjsdf without fayour, afsection, or malice, and that I will exercise pqwwers entrusted to me by the said act, in such manner only m shall appear to me to be necessary for the due execution of fpsxme, or as I shall be directed by the commissioners for the Wars of taxes, or any three or more of them; and that I will not [disclose any particular contained in any statement or schedule,

WA respect to any duties charged under the provisions and te-Kbtions relating to Schedule (D.), or any evidence or answer pea by any person who shall be examined, or shall make affida-5 deposition, or affirmation respecting the same, in pursuance ihhesaid ct; except in such cases, and to such persons only who feH be sworn to the due execution of this act, and where it shall be necessary to disclose the same for die purposes of the said act, or to the commissioners for the affiairfc bf taxes, or in order to, ot kthe eburse of a prosecution for pejjury committed in such etemnatkm, affidavit, deposition, or affirmation.'

So help me GOD.

Form of Oath or Affirmation to be t^ken by Assessors as aforesaid.

1T if.B. do swear [or affirm,] That in the execution of an act, Assessor*

-A intituled An act [here set forth the title of this act] I will in all oa^1* tspects act diligently and honestly, and without favour or affec-mtyiD the best of my knowledge and belief 5 and that I will not Adore any particular contained in any statement or schedule Aimed to me in the execution of the said act, except in such cases only, and to such persons, where it shall be necessary to Adore the same for the purposes of the said act, or in order to, or in Ap course of a prosecution for perjury committed in any, futtqr ^elating to such statement or schedule.

So help me GOD.

Form

84 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

Form of Oath or Affirmation to be taken by the Collectors* 1 or the Deputies to the Receivers General* appointed under j this Act as aforesaid* j

Oath8 for col-c T A.B. do swear [or affirm,] That in the execution of an act, lectors and X intituled An act, [here set forth the title of this net] I will not cmer!"rC" disclose any assessment, or the amount of any sum paid or to be paid by any individual under, the said act, or the books of assessment which shall be delivered to me in the execution of the said act, with respect to any duties charged under the provisions and regulations relating to Schedule (D.) \ except in such cases, and t such persons only who shall be sworn to the due execution of the said act, and where it shall be necessary to disclose the same far the purposes of the said act, or to the commissioners for the affiun^ of taxes, or in order to, or in the course of a prosecution fori perjury committed in such examination or affidavit,

Sp help me GOD.* - ..Form of Oath or Affirmation to be taken by a Clerk or Clertfi Assistant to the Commissioners aforesaid.

Ckrk*oath.T A.B. do swear [or affirm,] That I will diligently and fattl^i X fully execute the office of a clerk or assistant-clerk (asik case may be) according to an act passed in the forty-sixth year*!] the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act [here set forth the title f this act] to the best of my knowledge and judgem&)t* and that I will not disclose any particular contained in any statement, declaration, or schedule, or any evidence or answer by any person who shall be examined, or shall make affidavit, deposition, or affirmation respecting, the same, (except in such cases where I shall be directed so o dp by the regulations of the said act, or any two or more of the of under whom I act, ( or of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, or in order to, and in the course of a prosecution for perjury committed on such -examination, affidavit, deposition, or affirmation.)

So help me GOD.

Schedule (G.) to be observed in executing the act.

CCXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Schedule marked (Q.) with the rules and directions therein contained, shall, ia making returns of the amount of annual value or profits on which any duty is chargeable as aforesaid, so far as the same are respectively applicable to the case of each person, corporation, company, or society, described or mentioned in this act, on behalf;)! themselves, and also of others for whom they act, in any of the characters described in this act, or herein after mentioned, bet observed by each such person, corporation, company, or>$ociety, or by his, her, or their agents or officers, in the cases where such agents or officers are authorised to make such returns.

Schtdofe

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.

Schedule (G.)

I-  By every Occupier of Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages;, throughout Great Britain, to be charged under Schedulea( A.) and (B.), or either of them.

A statement of the rent and annual value, or the annual value as the case shall require, of all lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or heritages, occupied in every parish or place, distinguishing the proportions in each parish or place, an4 [l estimating separately such as are occupied as owner or tenant,

rad also such as are held under different landlords; and also

such as are chargeable by the rent or annual value, or on the f amount of profits; and also, estimating separately the rent or

annual value chargeable in respect of the property, and the

amount chargeable in respect of the occupation, distinguishing

the same as follows; videlicet, I

Lands and tenements occupied as owners:

Lands and tenements let at rack-rent within seven years: mds and tenements let at rack-rent before the period of seven years, with the rent and annual value thereof estimated separately:

mds and tenements let, but not at rack-rerst, with the rent an$ annual value thereof estimated separately: he amount of the composition, rent, or annual payment, paid in c"H*e preceding year to the rector or vicar, or other person, for tythes of the above lands and tenements: he amount of each deduction claimed in respect thereof, and stating if tythe-free in part or in the whole, and the amount of, any modus or real composition.

II.  By every Lay Impropriator, and by every Ecclesiastical Rector, Vicar, or other Person describing himself receiving any Tythes in kind, or any Payments in right of the Church or by Endowment, or in lieu of any Tythes, and on all Teinds in Scotland, to be charged under Schedule (A.) distinguishing the same as follows: amount of the profits from tythes takfcn in kind for one year, on an average of three years:

The amount of dues and money payments in right of the church ror by endowment, or in lieu of tythes not arising from lands, the above average: vHie amount of compositions, rents, and payments in lieu of '^tythes, arising from lands for the preceding year.

1H.  By every Person, Corporation, or Company, carrying - on any Concern herein after mentioned, or their

Agents or Officers, in the Cases authorised to be charged under Schedule (A.)

The amount of profits from quarries of stone]: ^ktejlimestone, or chalk, in the preceding year:

a*

nr

*86

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

Of iron-works, salt-springs or works, alum-mines or worksj water-works, streams of water, canals, inland navigations,

docks, drains, levels, fishings, rights of markets and fairs, tolls, weigh-bridgea and ferries, in the preceding year:

Of mines of coal, tin, lead, copper, mundic, iron, and other mines, on an average of five years.

1

IV.  By every Lord or Lady of a Manor or other Royalty,;

or Tenant of the same.

The amount of all dues and other services, or other casual profits (except rents and annual payments) of such manors or royalties, on an average*of seven years.

V.  By the Receiver of any Fine paid in consideration dt

a Demise of Lands or Tenements (except tomary) to be charged under Schedule (A.) \

The amount of such fines in the preceding year, or for sosl lesser period since the interest thereon commenced, and aft estimate of the average value for one year.

VI.  By every Person entitled to Profits arising born

Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritage not stated as before, to be charged under Safe* dule (A.)

The amount, on a fair average, to be allowed by the respective of.

VII. -  By or for every Person carrying on any Tradfc

Manufacture, Adventure, or Concern in the nature of Trade, to be charged under Sehe-dule (D.)

The amount of the balance of the profits thereof, upon a fair add just average of three years, or for such shorter period at the concern has been carried on.

VIII.  By every Person exercising any Profession, Employment, or Vocation, to he charged under Schedule (D.)

The amount of the balance of the profits, gains, and emoluments thereof, within the preceding year.

IX.  By every Person entitled to Profits of an uncertain

Value, not before stated, to be charged under Schedule (D.)

The full amount of the profits or gains arising therefrom within 4he preceding year.

X  By every Person receiving in Great Britain Interest from Securities out of Great Britain^ to be charged under Schedule (D.)

The full amount that has been received, or wijl be received* as far as the same can be computed in thfc cvfrentye*n

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 6$,

XL  By every Person receiving in Great Britain Profits from Possessions out of Great Britain, to be charged under Schedule (D.)

The full net amount annually received therefrom, either bji remittances, at importation of property, or money or value from property not imported, or on credit, or on account in respect of remittances, property, or value, on an average of the three preceding years.

XII.  By every Person entitled to any annual Profits not falling under any of the foregoing Rules, and not charged by any of the other Schedules, to be charged under Schedule (D.)

I The full amount thereof received annually, or according to jffce average directed to be taken by the of, on a I statement of the nature of such profits, and the grounds on drfiich the amount has been computed, and the average taken to She best of the party's knowledge and belief.

XIII.  Declarations to be delivered in respect of the Duty

L to be charged under Schedule (D.)

iisst.  Declaration by the precedent acting partner, or by the [- agent, if none of the partners are resident in Great Britain > of I, the names of the several partners, their respective reside^es, and the place of carrying on the trade or concern, or exercising the profession, and the style or description of the firm:

Second.  Declaration by any partner, not being the precedent acting partner, of his being assessed with the firm, describing the same, and the place where the return of the precedent partner was made;

Third.  Declaration which may be made by each partner desirous of being and entitled to be separately assessed, describing the firm, and his or her proportion of the profits.

XIV.  Statement of Profits of any Office not chargeable by Commissioners specially appointed in the Department where the Office is held.

The amount of the salary, fees, wages, perquisites, and profits of office, in the preceding year, or on an average of three years, as the case shall require:

The like statement to be delivered to the of appointed in the department, if required.

XV.  General Declaration by each Person returning*Statement of Profits under Schedules (A.), (B.), (DO. or (E.) '

-Stedaring the truth thereof, and that the same is fully stated on every description of property or profits included in the act fdatblg to the said duties, and appertaining to the party, Htatin&ged so the best of his judgement and(^L according to jfiwtaonr-aiul rules of this act*

a&8

Prescribing the form of labourers* &c. certificate.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

XVI.  List and Declaration for facilitating the Execution of the Act, in relation to the Duties chargeable on others.

First.  List containing the name of every lodger or inmate in any dwelling-house, With the ordinary place of residence of such lodger or inmate, if he shall have an ordinary place of residence elsewhere, at which he is desirous of being assessed: Second.  List of every person in the service or employ of any master or mistress, whether resident in his or her dwelling-house or not, and the place of residence of those not residing* with the master or mistress:

Third.  List to be delivered by every trustee, agent, receive guardian, tutor* curator, or committee, of the name and pla of residence of the person or persons for whom they act such character, describing them and the names of them are joined in trust:

Fourth.  Declaration on whom the duty is chargeable in spect of such trust:

Fifth.  List containing the proper description of every ration, company, fraternity, fellowship, society, or trust, which any person is answerable as treasurer, auditor, receiver, and where any person before described is an able for the duty to be charged in respect of the pi or profits of others, such lists as aforesaid shall be d together with the required statements of such profits. ft

XVII.  Lists, Declarations, and Statements of Discharg&g Or in order to obtain Exemptions or Allowances. <4 First.  Declaration of the amount of value, or property, or profit#, returned, or for which the claimant hath been or is liable ft# be assessed: ft

Second.  Declaration of the amount of rents, interests, annuitreiftt or other annual payments, for which the party is liable ta allow and deduct the duty, with the names of the respective persons by whom such payments are to be made, distinguish* ing the amount of each payment:

Third.  Declaration of the amount of interest, annuities, OT other annual payments, to be made out of the property at profits assessed on the claimant, distinguishing each source. Fourth.  Statement of the amount of incomfc derived ing to the three preceding declarations.

CCXX. And be it further enacted, That every person gain* ing his livelihood by daily labour as aforesaid, shall, in order CD be exempted from payment of the said duties, produce to the of a declaration signed by him or herself, with m certificate annexed in the following form.

accord

'I, A.B. do declare, That I exercise and follow the empM* JL ment of a labourer in husbandry, or other work, f napasg'M^ or artisan, handicraftman, or mechanic, in the trade of f it] or manufacturer in t^e mai^tyrt^of [naming it] lor dsrilV [or weekly]-wages; that I have not received ittjgmy ode waeit

jfcl] Ajind isgai quadragesimo sexto Gko. III. c. 6$. '289

irithin the year preceding, for my work or labour, any sum erring [name the sum] (except in employment in husbandry time of harvest] and that within the time above mentioned, re worked for of

that I have not received within the preceding year any sum sums of money from any source, other than labour as afore*

Signed

of hereby certify, That the above signed was in my employ as a

within the year preceding, and that the paid by me did not exceed the rate above mentioned, to the best of my belief, the matters contained in the above 'on are true as far as the same are within my knowledge*

Signed - /

I. And be it further enacted, That the of Commission-, affairs of taxes shall cause proper forms to be made outer8 5?ftaxc8 dispersed for returning all such matters and things as are proper^forms, " to be returned by this act, containing the fists, de- &c.for exe-, and statements mentioned in Schedule (G.) with cuting this references and schemes for including such returns; and act> other lists* declarations, and statements, and all other and things as are required by this act, and which may necessary to be made out in the due execution of this act, manner and form as shall appear to them to be most: ent.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Certificates #/?cate shall be granted, authorising any allowance in respect for allow-income, the following forms shall be observed mutatij mu-00*'

\ and the sums allowed shall be inserted therein in words gth.

tf

Property

4*. if-.U.

4

1

290 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. [ritafi.

Property Acts, Year 180

CERTIFICATE of Allowance, in respect of Assessments made on the Claimant out of the District.

On the day of 180 the

otherpart hereof was delivered to of

authorising the following allowance from assessments,

viz.

Income -

To the of of

BY the of acting for the of in the county of

*d.

THESE are to certify. That of the parish of hath pr

to our satisfaction, that the whole of income, estimated according to an passed on the day of in

forty-sixth year of his present Maje reign, in relation to the contril; granted to his Majesty on the profits; from property, prosessions, trades, offices, by three acts of the forty-tj forty-fifth, and forty-sixth years of the i of his said Majesty, doth not exc sum of and that

entitled to the following allowance, cannot be taken from any assessment on the said in this district.

/. /. d. Amount of  Allowance

In respect of an assessment in the parish of in

the county of situate out of our district, the sum of

i

For which amount, and no more, dJ certificate shall be a sufficient authority.

Given under our hands this ? day of 180 \

Commissioner

To the of of

Form of Indorsement thereon.

This certificate, on delivery thereof to the collector of the where the within-named psprty is assessed, wjliau^ collector to receive the same in discharge of so much erf die made on the said party; or, if such assessment shall be insufficient purpose, or sh*ll have been paid, gpzp^j^J^uty out of the i

his the collector's hands, of the duties granted by the acttr--

Property Acts, Year 180

CERTIFICATE of Allowance, in respect of an Annuity made to the Claimant out of the Property of another.

O'

-rgg

BY the of acting for the of in the county of

THESE gre to certify, That of hath proved to out

satisfaction, that the whole of in-

come, estimated according to an act passed on the day of in the forty-

sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, ia relation to the contributions granted to his Majesty on the profits arising from property, prosessions, trades, and offices, by three acts of the forty-third, forty-fifth, and forty-sixth years of the reign of his present Majesty, doth not exceed the sum of and that is entitled to

the following allowance, which cannot be made out of any assessment made on the said

. s. d.

In respect of an annuity of payable

by of the sum of -

For which amount, and no more, this certificate shall be a sufficient authority.

Given under our hands this ? day of 180 5

Commissioners.

Form of Indorsement thereon*

This certificate, on delivery thereof to the person making the annual J payment herein mentioned, is to be received by him in discharge of the sum thereby allowed, and will be indorsed and delivered by him to the collector - the parish where he resides, by whom it will be taken as cash on account die person so indorsing it, to be applied as directed by the act, either in e of so much of the assessment made on him; or, if such assessment insufficient for the purpose, or shall have been paid, to pay him out 4d*mofiie in his the collector's hands, of the duties granted by the acts the amount mentioned in this certificate*

t$2

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.

Property Arts, YeaF 180.

"CERTIFICATE of Allowance in respect of an charged on dje

Dividends payable out of any publick Revenue.

On the day of 180 the

otherpart hereof was delivered to of

BY the of acting for the of in the comity of

THESE are to certify. That of hath proved to oirf

satisfaction, that the whole of come, estimated according to an act passed in the forty-sixth year of his present jesty's reign, in relation to the contribuf1-",

1-x 1/> litci Anf v av

granted to his Majesty on the profits;

authorising the fol- <^S-I from property, prosessions, trades, and:

lowing payment in respect of an annuity, viz.

Income -

l-

fices, by three acts of the forty-third,

" fifth, and forty-sixth years of the reign < his present Majesty, doth not exceed 18 w sum of . and that4

sum of arises from 1

annuity charged on the dividends of stock called the [here state the description \ the stock] payable out of the publick rev of and that is ent

to the following allowance, which__________

be made out of any assessment made the said

Allowance -

& td'cz&o

In respect of an annuity charged on [here state the description of the stock] the*sum of

For which amount, and no more, dip certificate shall be a sufficient authority. 4

Given under our hands this 7 day of 3

I

Commissioners.

Form of Indorsement thereon.

This certificate, On delivery thereof to the collector of the parish cl will authorise him to pay to the party mentioned herein, out of the monies in his the collector's hands of the duties granted by the acts within mentioned, the amount mentioned in this certificate.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. C. 6. 293

CCXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Nothing in nothing in this act contained shall be construed to impeach any act of the provisions contained in an act passed in the forty-fourth (rfthe^ro?

year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to visions in regulate the bonds issued by the East India Company, with respect to 44 O. 3. c. 3. the rate f interest, and the duty payable thereon. C*r

CCXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this act may be bonds?* altered, amended, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in ^ct maybe; this present session of parliament. altered or re

i CCXXV. And whereas the publick service requirts that the pealed in this ^duties granted by this act, or made payable according to the direc-C6S^on* jVww of this defy should be assessed, levied, and collected without -idty: and whereas in some districts in this kingdom, the assessor which ought to have been made in former years under the T recited acts may not yet be completed; and it is necessary that rime should be completed forthwith, and also that the assess-its under this act should be carried into effect in each year, noty tbtanding such former assessments may remain to be made or fated; be it further enacted* Thifc ther assessments to be made Assessments ider this r.ct shall not be suspended by reason or under not to retence that the assessments which ought to have been made account of* any former year un<feT the said recited acts or this act, shall assessments thare been proceeded upon, or shaft? net have been completed, for former that the dnftie^' assessed in any such former year, shall not been fully levied or paid t nor shall any proceeding of p^eeded^n. nmi^doners, assessors; collectors, or others employed in the fcecution ofr this act, for the purpose of charging, assessing, trying, or collecting the " duties haade payable^by this tict for the Went year, be a'djourcted, suspended, or delayed on account, fcr on pretence that the assessments for any former ye&r have 'flot been proceeded upon, or have not been completed, or that Ae dudes charged thereby have not been levied and paid, or Sfclly accounted for.

CCXXVI. And in order to facilitate the proceedings necessary fa making assessments at the same time for two*or more years; be it further enacted, That in every district of of Manner of^(Therein the assessments which ought to have been made for in

by former yesd'* shall not have been completed within the year where former Appointed for such assessment, or wherein the duties assessed assessments 'for any former' year shall not have been paid and fully accounted are not com-'for at the ' time or times required and directed by the said Pleted* recited acts respectively or this act, the of, inspectors, surveyors, assessors, and collectors, and others employed or rto be employed in the execution of the said Tecited acts or this act in such districts respectively, shall, and they respectively are hereby strictly enjoined and required to proceed in Ae execution or the said recited acts and this act, according to tie following.rules and directions, and to do and perform all 'tech acts as are required of them in the manner herein directed \ vMchtules and directions'shalPbe deemed a part of this act as

*94

if the same had respectively been inserted under a special enactment

No. L

Rules and Directions for proceeding to assess the Duties under the said recited Acts, in such Districts of Comma-siopers as are in default as aforesaid.

1st.  The respective of who shall have acted in die execution of the said recited acts in any district $0 in default as aforesaid, and ^ho-shall not have declined acting therein within such time before the passing of this act* as that others have been appointed in their stead, shall and they are hspbj strictly enjoined and required to continue to act in the execution of the said recited acts, until all assessments under theaaid acts shall have been completed, and the duties contain^ n, therein shall have been fully levied, collected, or paid, ani accounted for to his Majesty; unless on account of sicue* or other^just cause to be allowed by three or more of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time be$ any such commissioner, shall be excused from further-# s*tendance t:

last appointment of assessors for any parish or phot.situate ip any district so in default as aforesaid, shall contunj

in force until all assessments under the said recited actsthd have been completed and fully made > and the ^sseHQAjfi appointed shall continue to act for each year now#elaj*4 Subsequent to the time of their respective appointments out any further or new appointment, until all the assesuwt under the said recited acts shall have been completed their respective parishes or places, under the penalty K4 tained in the said acts or any act therein referred & neglect of duty \ nnless the of of the district lb within fourteen days next after notice of this act, andfoji thereof shall have been delivered to them pr any of tfcea or to their clerk, appoint other persons to be assessoo h the same parishes or places respectively for such subsets*

year:

3d.  In all cases where assessors shall have made their esd mates required by the said recited acts for any year or year now elapsed, and shall not have made any estimates undi the said recited acts for the subsequent year or yean ab elapsed: it shall be lawful for the said commission* t, make their assessments for each subsequent year or yen elapsed on the last estimates so made, without further, eni ., mates being required; such estimates remaining subject t the examination or review of, and alteration or amendment and to the increased charge by, the said commissioned*like, manner as if the estimates had been duly made in ad and each subsequent year; and such assessments being 1* spegtjvely: subject to appeal on the part of the perm

penpal

persons to be charged, and to surcharge on the part of the surveyor or inspector, as if the same had been made on estimates delivered in such subsequent year:

4th.  In all cases where the parties to be charged shall have '111 made their returns of profits as required, by the said recited -i-act for any year or years now elapsed, and shall not have made the like returns under the said recited acts, for the subsequent year or years also elapsed, it shall be lawful for the said of to make their assessments for each subsequent year or years elapsed on the last returns so made, Without further returns being required; such returns re- maining subject to the examination ot review of, and to hiuere2sed charge by, the said of, in like manner fustf returns had been duly made in such and each subsequent and fcuch assessments being respectively subject to on the part of the person or persons to be charged, Lto surcharge on the part of the surveyor or inspector, as if the same had been made on returns delivered in such sub-it year:

-fa all cases where the clerks* abstracts required to be 'made by the said recited acts, shall have been made for any year or years now elapsed, and shall not have been made for ' subsequent year or years, on occasion of such estimate*returns not having been delivered in such year, or for any 'laker cause/ the last abstract made for any of such years 1 be a sufficient document to charge the duty for any'or years now elapsed, subsequent to the year for which last abstract was made, such abstract being subject to reiteration or amendment as the case may require; and it shall be lawful to make out certificates to the collectors of the t duties for each such year on the assessment so made, adding -thereto the additional duty imposed by the said recited act passed in the forty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, for the fenr ending the nfth day of April one thousand eight hunted and six:

- In pursuing the rules and directions beforementioned, it shall be lawful for the of and their clerks, ami for the inspectors, surveyors, assessors, and collectors respectively, to practise, use and Vpply, all and any of the sales before contained in this act, touching or concerning the assessments under Schedules (A.) and (B.), to be made after the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and as far as the same relate to the continuance of such assessments, for two years; which rules shall be construed ' in like manner as it the same had been inserted in this tease, and actually applied to the cases herein mentioned: |Tdn  The rules before mentioned shall be construed not to extend m any district wherein the of shall have proceeded to assess the duties for the year ending on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, at the time notice of this act, and a copy thereof, shall be given to

them as aforesaid.

No. n

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. [1806.

No. II.

Rules and Directions, for proceeding to assess the Duties under this Act, in the Districts of Commissioners who have not completed the Assessments under the $wd recited Acts, for all the Years elapsed under the Uid recited Acts.

1st.  The respective of, who are hereinbefore required to continue to act until all the assessments under the; said recited acts shall be completed, and the duties there- upon shall be collected, are also enjoined and required ter act in the execution of this act during such period, and further until all the assessments under this act which shall havfo been or ought to have been made during such period. ihalfc also have been completed, and the duties thereupon sha|( be fully collected and accounted for, and so the assSf| ments under this act sha\l be made within the year appointm by this act for such assessments and the duties thereupon collected or paid within or immediately after- the expiratiojj*of such year* unless any such commissioner or copaipis&iQiteft shall be excused from further attendance pursuant to the ntl^ and for any of the causes before mentioned: ,

2d.  The respective assessors for any parish or place, who HI hereinbefore directed to continue in office until the said T< cited acts be fully executed, shall also execute this ac$ assessors within the limits of their appointment under penalty before mentioned, unless and until the respectivjj of shall, under the regulations of this act, appoi^ other persons to be assessors for such parishes and placet respectively:

3d.  Unless the respective of shall meet wigbit fourteen days after notice of this act, and after a copy thereof shall have been delivered to them, or any of them, or tfr thein clerk for the first assessment under this act, and every subsequent year within fourteen days after the fifth daf. of April in such year, and unless precepts shall at suon first meeting in every year he issued for the appointment dk assessors, and unless such appointments shall take place, and^ all instructions, notices, and other papers be delivered to thi4 said assessors according to the directions of this act, within the time limited for those purposes in each year, which dir said respective of acting in the execution of the act for the time being are hereby strictly enjoined and required to do yearly, without delay; then and in every such case, of default, it shall be lawful for the inspector or surveyor appointed for the said district at any time afterwards, to issue instructions to the persons appointed assessors under the }ast precept issued by the said of by virtue of the said recited acts or this act, for each parish or place withir the district of such of, without further waurrar or precept; and the said assessors shall act in obedience to the instructions so issued under the penalty before mentioned* is

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65.

if the precept of the of had, been granted to them for that purpose, and the said instructions had been issued with and under the precept of the said of:

In all cases-where any inspector or surveyor shall have.issued such instructions to assessors appointed under any former precept of of, in pursuance of the next preceding rule, and without further precept on occasion of such default as 'aforesaid, all estimates and returns to be made <*is pursuance of this act for that year, shall be delivered to slich - inspector or surveyor; and such inspector or surveyor shall,

\by virtue of his office, act as clerk to the said of for that year; and no other person, except the assistant or 'assistants to such surveyor shall interfere or be entitled as clerk to any allowance under this act in respect of the duties charged in the same district of of:

-The rules contained in No, II. of this clause shall be construed not to* extend to any district wherein the of shall have completed their assessments for the year ending &he fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, at Whe time notice of this act, and a copy thereof shall be given to them as aforesaid.

No.IIL

Rules and Directions for cbllecting the Duties under the said recited Acts, or this Act, whenever the Duties of any former Year have not beert collected.

- Whenever the warrants for collection of the duties upon assessments made under the said former acts or this act, shall not have been or shall not be issued to the collectors before*die expiration of the year for which the said duties ought to ia have been assessed, such year ending on the fifth day of 11 April in each year, the respective commissioner^ ire stnefty enjoined and required to cause the whole of the said duties so -assessed in such year, to be collected and paid by equal moieties on the two quarter-^days next after the allowance of such assessment:

- Whenever the warrants for collection of the said duties shall not have been or shall not be issued to the collectors before the expiration of the year next after the year for which the said duties ought to have been assessed, and the b* dudes for two or more years shall not be paid; the respective of are in such case strictly enjoined and required to cause the whole of the duties so assessed r" for the first of the said years, to be collected and paid by equal moieties on the two quarter-days next after the allowance of such assessment for the first of the said years; and the whole of the duties so assessed or to be so assessed for die second of the said years, to be collected and paid by equal moieties on the two next succeeding quarter-days which shall happen after such former payment; and the

*98 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c 65. [1866.

whole of the dories; so assessed for each subsequent rear*to be collected and paid in succession by equal nxnetye* on the two next succeeding quarter-days which shall happen after the last payment; and no interval of payment mfl be allowed beyond such quarter of a year, nor shall any par* ment be allowed or directed less than a moiety of one years assessment, until all the duties, which have been or ought to have been assessed under the said recked arts, shaft have been fully paid and satisfied; and until the duties to be assessed under this act; shall come into the due course of payment yearly by quarterly instalments according to the general dhj rections of this act:, -';. i

3d,  Where, by the rules bf this clause, it shall be founds^ cessary to issue warrants for collection for or upon the; n&| sequent year's assessment before the duties on a former assessment have been fully paid and accounted for, then 4 in every such case, the respective of shall apprift other persons to be collectors of such subsequent year's asaet' ment; and it shall not be lawful for the said comtmssionc&Jff. appoint the same person or "persons to be collector or cotta? tors for two or more successive years, assessments, uidefc'y the times when the warrants for collecting the second or odft| subsequent year's assessment, ought to be delivered acconro to the preceding rules, such collector or collecSsortf s^ft have collected and duly accounted for all the duties givfii him or them in charge, and Which such collector or coBfe* tors might have collected on such former assessment, -i.Commence-

CCXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this act sfcft Smtimumce Commence and take effect from and after the fifth day tff A}# of the act. one thousand eight hundred and six, and together with the duties therein contained shall continue in force during the prtMt war, and until the sixth day of April next after the radio* rion of a definitive treaty of peace, and no longer: provided that the said duties shall not cease in 9uch districts where the assessments for the preceding year shall not have been completed before the said sixth day of April; but that all the powers and provisions of this act shall continue in force, for making and completing all such assessments as ought to have been made during the contifttance of the said duties, and for levying and recovering the duties so assessed, or to he assessed, and such arrears of duties as shall remain unpaid at the determination of the said duties; and also for re-assfessing the same in default of payment, in the manner herein directed, and for the suing for, adjudging, and recovering any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred prior to the determination of the said duties.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

[June ao, 1806.]

LXIII.

A

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. $6. 399

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the carriages for the service of Carriages in the.forces from time to time quartered or marching in Ireland, shall be Ireland how provided in like manner, and at the rates, and the furnisher of such car- to be provid-shall be paid as was directed by the laws in force in Ireland at the ed. fate of its union with Great Britain*

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person duly bound as Penalty on span apprentice, shall enlist as a soldier in his Majesty's land-service, and prentices en-shall state to the justice of the peace, or magistrate before whom he shall listing the m-becsrried, that he is not an apprentice, every person so offending shall be selves* deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to be imprisoned in any. gaol or house of correction, and kept to hard labour for two yeare; and shall, after the expiration of his apprenticeship, be liable to serve as.a soldier in any regiment of his Majesty's regular forces; and if, on the expiration of his apprenticeship, he shall not deliver himself to some officer aotksrised to receive recruits, may be taken as a deserter from his Majesty's forges.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That every soldier entitled to his Soldiers en- discharge under any orders or regulations made dv his Majesty, or upon titled todis-1k expiration of any period for which he shall have engaged to serve, charge to be ahaO, if then serving abroad, be sent to Great Britain or Irelands free of sent home.apace, and be entitled on his return to, and have and receive marching- free of ex-nosey, from the place of his being landed to the parish or place in which pence and !e shall have been originally enlisted, at the rate of twelve miles for each nave conductdifs march, with the usual number of halting days; and every soldier and marching-f is entitled to his discharge, who shall be discharged at any place in the money home.

: tinted Kingdom, other than that in which he shall have bt*n attested,

mH be entitled to the like marching-money, from the place of his dis-r 'stage to the place of his attestation as aforesaid.

"tm. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Continuance; actdull be and continue in force, withip Great Britain, from the twenty- *tIu8 act*

; Jraxth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred ! six, until the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord.ow thousand eight hundred and seven; and shall be and continue in } 'Me within Ireland, from the thirtieth day of June, in the year of our'^0rd one thousand eight hundred and six# until the first day of April,

year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seven; and shall be and continue in force in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, jmf the islands thereto belonging, as to such parts thereof as relate to

those places respectively, from the thirty-first day of July, [A the year sf 0nr Lord one thousand eight hundred and six, until the first day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seven; and shall be and continue in force within the garrison of Gibraltar, and it his Majesty's other dominions, or elsewhere beyond the seas, from the twenty^Eourth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand debt hundred and seven, until the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year ofour Lord one thousand eight hundred and eight*

SCHEDULE (A.)

FORM OF OATH.

7

1 do make oath, that I am or have been (as the

tut may be) [state occupation, if any, or state if of none] and to the best ofmy knowledge and belief was born in [state county* parish^ place* Gfj.] ad that I am of the age of years; that I do not belong to

file militia, or to any other regiment, or to his Majesty's navy or marines, and that I will serve his Majesty for the period of [Thu blank to be filed up by the magistrate with seven fears fir infantry* to1 years for cavalry* and twelve years fir the artillery* if the person enlisting is of the age of eighteen years or upwards; but if under eighteen jean* then the difference between his age and eighteen to be added ta such seven* ten* or twelve years as the case may be1 years, provided his Majesty should for so long require my service; and also for such further term

' by wt

300 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 66, 67.[1806.

hot exceeding six months, as shall be directed by the commanding-office1 on any foreign station, and not exceeding three years as shall be directed by any proclamation of his Majesty: provided always, that in the latter case the said additional period shall determine whenever six months of continued peace, to be reckoned from the ratification of any definitive treaty, shall have elapsed subsequent to the expiration of the said [seven, ten, or twelve, as the ca t may be] years.

Schedule (B).

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

I A.B. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace of

) do hereby certify, that C. L* feet iucbel

eyes, hair, cazs^l

day of cat

and stated himself to be of tvi

(or chief magistrate of appearing to be years old]

high, complexion,

before me at on the

thousand eight hundred and.age of years, and that he had no rupture, and was BCjl

troubled with fits, and was no ways disabled by lameness, deafness, qi otherwise, but had the perfect use of his limbs and hearing, and was noil an apprentice; and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlisted himiqi to serve his majesty King George the Third, in the regiment of commanded by<

and did engage to serve for the period of [This blank to

filled up by the magistrate with seven years for infantry, Urn years

cavalry, and twelve year $ for the arti I cry, if the person enlisting is of f&fc age of eighteen years or upwards; but if under eighteen years, then C$1 difference between his age and eighteen to be added to such Steven,

twelve years^ as the case may be") years, provided his Majesty shou^ _ so long require his service; and also for such further period ashisTVlajei^. shall please to direct, not to exceed in any ease three years/ and foSt-terming whenever six months shall have elapsed of continued peoic^iJ subject to the expiration of the term of [seven or ten or twelve] yeasp* And I do hereby certify, $hat in my presence the third and fourth articte: of the second section, and the first article of the sixth section' oftw articles of war against mutiny and desertion were read over to him, aria that lie took the oath of fidelity mentioned in the said articles of war, and also this oath above set forth; and that I have given to the said G.D. a duplicate of this certificate signed with my name." '

CAP. LXVII.

An act for granting to Ids Majesty certain duties upon malt aid} spirits made in Ireland.

[June 20, 1806.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful mons of the unite4 kingdom in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences in Ireland, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kuig'^ most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the^ame. That within and through that part of the united kingdom called Ireland there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied, unto and to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors* the sevetal duties herein after mentioned; that is to say,

( For

and loyal subjects the conWj of Great Britain and Ireland '

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 67. 30*

brand. upon every barrel of malt which shall have been or Malt in store, fbfl be in the possession of any person in Ireland on or after }Sm the second day of June one thousand eight hundred and former duties: tit and which shall have been charged or chargeable with As duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any act or sets in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this act, a duty of one shilling British currency, in addition to the duty with which the same shall have been so charged or chargeable:

for and upon every barrel of malt, ground or unground, which n mah ma<Je tany time or times from and after the said second day of June -t thousand, eight hundred and six, shall be made of barley barre^Briti^ spy other corn or gram in Irelatid, by any person or persons currency, in hsoever, whether the same shall be or shall not be for ^eu. of former die sum of ten shillings British currency, and so propor- utie81 1 ly for any greater or less quantity; to be paid by the or makers thereof respectively, in lieu of all duty pay-thereon under or by virtue of any act or acts in force in ^immediately before the passing of this act:

for and upon every gallon of aqua vitae, strong waters, or id. per gallon " [, made or distilled in Ireland, and not rectified, which on 8Pirits m Lnve been or shall be in the possession of any distiller, Stock of spirits, or spirit-factor in Ireland, on or after the said day of June one thousand eight hundred and six, and shall have been charged or chargeable witll the duty pay-thereon under or by virtue of any act or acts in force m iW immediately before the passing of this act, a duty of penny British currency in addition to the duty with which spirits shall have been so charged or chargeable: for and upon every gallon of aqua vitae, strong waters, or

made or distilled in Ireland, and which having been per gal-used in Ireland pursuant to law, shall, at any time after ion on ware-said second day of June one thousand eight hundred and housed spirit* he taken out of warehouse for home consumption in Ire- j^en out for W, the sum of four shillings and one penny British currency, gumption." in Heu of all duty of excise on spirits payable thereon under or virtue of any act or acts in force in Ireland immediately be-t the passing of this act.

II. And whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the provisions of the bttspr the union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in respect of &e increased and additional duties by this act imposed on malt made in hebhd, increased countervailing duties should be charged upon beer trUtf and spirits respectively madein Great Britain, and imported fmthnee into Ireland, stfjpcient to countervail the said increased mtuIAtumal dutie on mak in Ireland under this act; be it there- Countervail* fete enacted, That, from and after the said second day of dutiest on

thousand eight hundred and six, there shall be charged on fna^pint

: afi fdch beer or ale, and spirits, the several countervailing duties imported into HDfoing, in lieu and full satisfaction of all countervailing duties Ireland:

Astern payable upon such beer or ale, or spirits* under or by

_ f virtue

On beer and ale:

On spirits.

A

Drawback on beer exported, ex

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 67. [1806.

virtue of any act or acts of parliament in force in Ireland iaals-diately before the passing of this act \ that is to say,

For and upon every barrel of beer or ale containing thinM j two galions, brewed or made in Great Britain, and ^import*?i from thence into Ireland, the sum of seven shillings and eigMP.; pence farthing British currency, in lieu of all duty payable therNp f dnder or by virtue of any act or acts in force in Ireland imnafrr diately before the passing of this act:; VP -

For and upon every gallon of spirits being of the mani ture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into In the sum of five shillings and three-pence British currency, lieu of all duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any or acts in force in Ireland immediately before the pass' this act f and that upon the exportation from Ireland to Britain of any beer or ale made or brewed in Ireland freon on which the duties payable under this act shall have been paid and satisfied, and on the exportation from Ireland to Britain of spirits distilled in Ireland, and which shall not been warehoused in Irelands, there >shall be respectively, and given a drawback equal in amount to the said co ing duty hereby granted on beer or ale and spirits rei made in Great Britain, and imported ffom thence into in lieu of all drawbacks payable under or by virtue of any acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing < act, in respect of such beer or ale and spirits respectively ported from Ireland to Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall be faad&fi every person who shall export from Ireland (except to

cept to Great Britain) strong beer or ale made or brewed in Ireland

Britain.

Increased drawbacks payable on oeer only when brewed from malt, charged under this act.

Drawback on spirits

malt on which the duties payable under this act dull have fully paid and satisfied, a drawback or allowance of severs and eight pence farthing for every thirty-two gallons of strong beer or ale, in lieu of all drawbacks or allowance thereon, under or by virtue of any act or acts in force in Jbneladii immediately before the passing of this act

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the drawWcW or allowances now payable by law on beer or ale exportft from Ireland to Great Britain or elsewhere, shall continue

be paid and allowed on all beer or ale so exported, having been made or brewed in Ireland from malt on which the adStieW or increased duty imposed by this act shall not have Wat fully paid and satisfied; and that the increased drawback* and allowances by this act made payable shall not bepgiAnr allowed on any beer or ale so exported, unless it shall to the satisfaction of the commissioners of customs in that the additional or increased duty by this act imposed W paid on the malt from which such beer or ale was brew* made.

V. And be it further enacted, That every person who from and after the passing of this act, export to any piper

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 65. 303

except to Great Britain) any spirits made or distilled in Ireland, exported ex-md which shall not have been warehoused in Ireland, shall be Great

settled to and shall receive for every gallon of such spirits, as 1511 led for a drawback in respect of the whole duty of excise, as vsl that of spirits as on malt, paid for in respect of the said i flints, the several and respective sums following*, that is to say, of such spirits as shall be of a strength equal to proof-spirits so any hydrometer which shall be approved of by the commis-wmrs for executing the office of lord high treasurer of Ire- y Jmi, the sum of three shillings and tenpence halfpenny; and of took spirits as shall be of a strength not less than a strength ' to five degrees or ten per centum over such hydrometer > the sum of four shillings and sixpence halfpenny, and of spirits as shall be of a strength not less than a strength equal i degrees or twenty per centum over such hydrometer proof, lam of five shillings and threepence; and that if the spirits to be exported shall be of a greater strength than ten degrees terenty per centum' over such hydrometer proof, there shall be " for every degree which the said spirits shall exceed the gth before mentioned a further drawback after the rate of # pounds for every one hundred pounds of the amount of drawback, of five shillings and three-pence, and so in pro-a for any greater or less quantity; and that the said draw-shall be in lieu of all drawbacks on such spirits so ex-under or by virtue of any act or acts in force in Ireland liately before the passing of this act*

VI. And be it further enacted, That on the exportation from*id of any spirits made or distilled in Ireland) and which housed^aft^ be Of shall live been warehoused in Ireland at any time^after the said act _ trid second day of June under or by virtue of any act or acts day of June, dsrce in Ireland^ there shall be paid and allowed a drawback tea-pence British currency upon every gallon of such spirits gal/

jeepeet of the duty paid on the malt uped and consumed ion. lithe making of such spirits, m lieu of all former drawbacks in stepect of the duty paid on the malt used and consumed Itte making of spirits distilled and warehoused in Ireland, and (ported from thence.

VII. And, in order to secure the additional duties on malt and spirits ^toefcof act imposed, be it enacted, That any officer or officers of majt ip Ireland shall and may take an account of the just and spirits shall be.quantity of all malt, whether ground or unground, in the by the jfrttcsrien of any person in Ireland; and of $11 spirits in the Vte&t custody, or possession of any distiller or spirit-factor in made to the; and of all spirits not rectified in the stock, custody, collector of ^possession of any rectifier of spirits in Ireland, on or after thebe district. 'W scoond day of June one thousand eight hundred and six,

Mlhich the said additional duties shall not have been respectcharged, in such manner as such officer or officers is or <titiiow required by law to take an account of any malt or and shall mate a return or report in writing to the collec-

for

34

Duties on

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 6 j.

[1806.

for of the district in which such person shall reside, or in winch his or her malthouse or stores shall be situated, of the just and true quantity of all such malt and spirits, and of the amount ttf jthe said duties respectively paid or payable thereon over apd irabove the duty theretofore paid or payable thereon 5 and such return or report shall be a charge on every such person no pectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all persons charged

8uCn a the said additional duties on malt and spirits respectivuta

within one 'shall, within one month from the time they shall be

1 one month or on removal/

Penalty for default of payment double duty and soL

charged

therewith, pay to the collector of the district aM such duty'll shall be due from them respectively, for or on account of sM such duty, unless such malt or spirits shall be sooner removed) in which case the said additional duties shall be paid for all SUC& malt and spirits respectively before the same shall be removm; and before any permit for removing or conveying the same shaX-be granted.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all such persons having malt or spirits in their possession, who shall not withift the time aforesaid, pay the duty so charged on all such maker spirits respectively, or shall remove any such malt or sphfei without having paid or cleared the said additional duty respect lively, or in whose stock-account kept by any officer of exd* there shall appear to have been any decrease of such malt or spirits, without having obtained from the proper officer a permit or permits authorising the removal of the malt or spirits so deficient, shall be liable to and shall pay double the amount of duty chargeable on such malt or spirits respectively, and shall also forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for each offence.

X. And be it further enacted, That the several duties and, drawbacks by this act granted and allowed, and all penalties lb

ofcMtom8UC8 re8Pect thereof, shall be rais d, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered, and applied, in the same manner, and under such powers and authorities, and by such ways and methods, and according to such rujes and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as are appointed, directed, and expressed for the raising, levying, collecting, paying, and managing the duties payable on goods. Wares, and merchandize, in Ireland, in and by an act made in Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An net for the settling of the excise or nevs impost upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the book of rates therein inserted; or in and by the several and respective acts in force in Ireland for collecting and securing his Majesty's revenue upon malt, and for regulating the trade of a distiller, and for securing the duties payable on home-made spirits, and the warehousing of such spirits for exportation5 or in and by any other act or acts in force in Ireland relating to the revenue of customs and excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were herein expressed and enacted.

Duties shall be levied as

and excise in Ireland.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 0S, 69. 305

with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited act of his said late majesty King Charles the Second, or any other act or acts as aforesaid, is provided.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all monies arising from Money to be

the several duties by this act granted, the necessary charges of C^kted collecting and paying the same being deducted, shall be carried a

to and made part of the consolidated fund of Ireland.

XII. And be it further enacted, That neither the sum of F<^s to the

sixpence per pound, nor any other fee, shall be payable to, or treasury be deducted, or be received by any officer or officers of the.'

treasury of Ireland, for or on account of the issuing or payments

of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall f>e received for or on account of the aids hereby granted to his Majesty.

r XIII. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, Act may be amended, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in the altered or present session of parliament. Snf

CAP. LXVIII.

An act to continue until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and seven, and amend an act made in the last session of parliament, for appointing of to enquire and examine into any irregularities and abuses, which might have taken place in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the streets of Dublin.

[June ao, 1806.]

CAP. LXIX.

An act for making better provision for soldiers.

[June 20, 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that provision should be made for the securing to invalid, disabled, and discharged soldiers, such pensions and allowances as they may become entitled to by reason of their service, or of their having become invalid or disabled; and that the same should be regulated and paid by or under the management, ordery superintendance, and direction, of the of tf Chelsea hospital; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and oe it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this presentpar- pensions to liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, soldiers to be from and after the passing of this act, the payment of all pen- under the siona, allowances, and relief granted or to be granted to disabled, management invalid, or discharged soldiers, shall be under the management, missioners of controul, and direction of the commissioners for the time being, Chelsea hoof Chelsea hospital. spital,

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the who may said of, or any three or more of them, for the time <n*}ce or<Sera being, to make such orders, rules, and regulations, and from ^onsforUic time to time to alter the same, in relation to the payment of any payment of pensions, allowances, or relief to any soldiers entitled thereto, pensions, &c. and also as to any certificates, vouchers, receipts# Orders for VoL.XI.VI. X the

36

8uclr orders may be revoked by his Majesty.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 69. [tflo6.

the better regulating, managing, and making such payments, and to require such proofs and aiRdavits relating thereto, as may be requisite for the ordering and securing the payment of such pensions, allowances, and relief, either at Chelsea or at Ktimain-ham hospitals, or in any other place where the same shall be payable to the persons entitled thereto, us the case may be; provided always, that every such order or regulation may' from time to time be revoked or altered by any warrant, order, or inJ struction, under his Majesty's royal sign manual.

Majesty at their enlistment.

Orders and regulations relating to discharge of soldiers after expiration of periods of service, and

..III. And be it further enacted, That every soldier who shd

Sed tefreceive ^rom alM* a^ter Pass*ng of this act become entitled to hh uch pensions discharge, by reason of the expiration of any period of service as shall be fix- fixed in any orders and regulations made by his Majesty in tha ed in the behalf, or shall have been discharged by reason of being an m made by his v^d, or disabled, or having been wounded, shall thereupm ' become legally entitled to receive such pension, allowance, o

relief, as shall have been fixed in any orders or regulation made by his Majesty in relation to such cases respectively, am in force at the time of his enlistment, and for the payment whereof money shall have been voted by parliament 5 and ev] such soldier may claim to be paid, or receive the same, under tat provisions of this act, or any rules or regulations made in pursuance ther&>f by such of as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a! orders and regulations from time to time made by his Majest] in relation to the discharge of soldiers after the expiration d any periods of service, and also in relation to any pension allowance, or relief to any discharged or invalid, disabled a wounded soldiers, shall annually be laid before parliamentj m to pensions, ^at estimates of the amount of all such pensions, allowances to be annually and relief, and of all contingent expences and charges relatii laid before to the payment, controul, and management thereof, shall also I parliament, annually laid before parliament*

Soldiersto re- V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

main Entitled soldier enlisted under any such orders or regulations as; __

under the^hajl thenceforth remain entitled to all the benefit of all regulations provisions contained in all such orders and regulations made I made at the his Majesty as shall have been or were in force at the time < time of enlist- his 0 enlisting*notwithstanding such orders or regulations mainS* be thereafter altered, varied, or annulled, and new orders

regulations made in lieu thereof.

Treasury may

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful foi order pensions the lords of of his Majesty's treasury in Great Bru receiver^atn an<^ respectively, to order and direct that any pen-

general of $ions; allowances, and relief so due as aforesaid, for die pay-

sand'tax, 5cc* ment whereof money shall have been voted by parliament, shall be paid by any receiver-general of the land-tax, or collector of the cess in Scotland, or any collector of duties of enwa or excise, or any collector of the duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, out of h. any publick money iptzethei&dte^lc respectively; and that

i8&6: } Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 69. 307

the vouched and receipts for the payments of such money shall be taken as cash in the accounts, and in part of the duties collected by such receivers-general or collectors respectively; and all aucn sums of money so advanced under any such rule or regulation for any such payment, shall be repaid to the account of the duties out of which the same shall have been paid, in such manner as the said lords of of his Majesty's treasury in Great Britain or Ireland respectively shall direct.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all assignments, bar-Assignments gains, sales, orders, contracts, agreements, of securities what- ^eI18ionti soever, which shall be given or made by any person entitled to any such pension, allowance, or relief as aforesaid, for, upon, or in respect of any such his pension, allowance, or relief, shall be absolutely null and void to all intents and purposes.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Personating

en-

passing of this act, if any person shall willingly and knowingly n

personate or falsely assume the name or character of, or pro- gions declared cure any other person to personate or falsely to assume the felony: name or character of any other person entitled or supposed to be entitled to any such pension, allowance, or relief as afp^e-said, in order to receive the same or any part thereof^ every such person o offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof shall oe deemed guilty of felony, and suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall Porging their knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure name8 Ithe to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act ^quired or assist in forging and counterfeiting the name or hand-writing so sign certi-of any person entitled to any such pension, allowance, or relief, ficates, &c. or oi any person or persons required by any rules or regu-relative 10 the lations made under and by virtue of this act to sign any certi- pennons,

Bate, vqueher, or receipt, in relation to the payment of any punished by such pension, allowance, or relief, for and in order to the re- transporta-ceiving or obtaining any money on any such pension, allowance, tion#

or relief; or shall utter any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an intention to defraud any person whatsoever, every such person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is hereby declared and adjudged to be guiky of felony, and may be transported for life, or for such term of years as the court shall adjudge.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Justice*, &c. any justice of the peace or magistrate, or any receiver-general [ntoS^tnith of the land-tax, collector of the cess in Scotland, collector of certiorates the customs, or collector of excise, to enquire into the truth required to be of any certificate or voucher required by any such rules or produced by regulations, and produced to him by any person claiming any persorns claim-pension, allowance, or relief under any such certificate oring penslon " voucher, or any person acting for him, by the oath or affirmation of the person producing the same; which oath or affirmation apy such justice of the peace, or magistrate, or receiver-

general, jwr Collector aforesaid, is hereby ahmonsea and required

3oB Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Ge6. tik c. 7<v{*8$6.

to administer, and upon being satisfied of the strujffi of such % certificate or voucher, to testify the same on the back of such certificate or voucher 5 and every person who shall in any such oath or affirmation, wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, every such person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted* shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the like pains and penalties, as any person convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury is by any law now in force, subject and liatye to.

Orders and

XI. And be it further enacted, That all orders, certificates! be^ee^mn0 vouc^ers an(* receipts, for or relating to any such pennons, the duty on* allowances, or relief as aforesaid, shall be free from all duties tamps. of stamps, and be good, valid, and effectual, although the same shall not have been stamped \ any thing in any act contained to, the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXX.

An act to amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, fir regulating licences for the sale of spirituous liquors, mine, beer, die, and cyder, by retail, in Ireland.

[July 3, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the last session of parliament^ intituled An act for regulating licences for the sale of spirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, and cyder, by retail, and for discouraging the immoderate use of spirituous liquors in Ireland: and whereas it is by the said recited act amongst other things enacted, that no keeper of any turnpike-gate, non-commissioned yeoman officer,

nor any person exercising by himself, or by any one for his tue or

benefit, the trade or business of a grocer, or who shall bi licensed as a grocer, or in whose house, or in any building occupied by him or her, or any house or building adjoining thereto, and which shall commimicate with such house or building, the trade or business vj, a grocer shall be carried on, or who shall not be a victualler, innkeeper, or tavern-keeper, shall be capable of receiving a licence to, sell spirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder, by retail: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the licences may authority of the same, Th^t so much of the said recited act as be granted to is hereinbefore set forth, shall be, and the same is hereby re-eri^te^ed Pea^ 5 an<* from and after the passing of this act, every such person hereinbefore mentioned, shall be capable of receiving a licence to sell spirituous liquor, wine, beer, ale, or cyder, by retail, any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding 5 subject nevertheless to all such conditions, regulations, and restrictions, as are contained in the said recked act, and as are not expressly repealed by this act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no permanent Serjeant, nor any person who shall pav, or be employed to $>ay, veomanry * anT yeomanr]f corps, shall, from and after the passing of this act, corps shall not be capable of receiving f liceiKe to^efa spirituous liquors, wine,

incapable of receiving them under recited act.

Permanent serjeant and

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. yp. 30$

beer, tie, Or cyder, by retail; any thing in the said recited act, ojr ia this act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall Who shall be Itll by himself or herself, or by any person employed by him or her, or acting for his ot her benefit, either within his or her house, odthoiise or building, hut, tent, or other place whatever, or to be consumed elsewhere, spirituous liquors in less quantity at one time than two galions, mixed or unmixed with water, sugar, or other ingredients, or beer, ale, or cyder, in less quantity than a quarter of a barrel, or wine in less quantity than one galion,

-(sellers of bottled beer, ale, porter, or cyder, excepted, who shall sehd the same abroad, and not sell any to be consumed in their ^wn.houses), shall be deemed to be retailers, and to sell the same j bytetaitwkhin the meaning of the said recited act* and shall be sub*

1 and liable to all the regulations in the said act contained; and if sot duly licensed, shall be subject to all and singular the penalties f and disabilities enacted against persons selling the same by retail'without licence, by the said act, or by any act or acts in force in Inland \ arty thing in the said recited act of the last session of parliament, or in this act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the After aoth twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and September i fix, it shall and may be lawful for any person who shall not have obtained a licence to sell spirituous liquors, wane, beer, ale, and quiring li-cyder, by retail, for the year next ensuing the 6aid twenty-ninth cences may day of September one thousand eight hundred anld six, and so in aPPty two aay subsequent year from and after the twenty-ninth day of Sev- l^ho'ghallcer-Umber in such year, it shall and may be lawful for any person wno tify as herein; shall not have obtained such licence for the year next ensuing such directed, twenty-ninth day of September respectively, under any of the directions and regulations in the said recited act contained, to apply to any two magistrates of the county residing nearest to the fabitatkm of, such person, for a certificate that he or she is a, proper person for being entrusted with such licence \ and if such magistrates shall be of opinion that the person so applying is proper to be so entrusted, then such person shall be required by such magistrates to enter into a bond in the amount, and Conditioned 1

u in this act is mentioned, with two -such sureties as shall be approved of by such magistrates; and upon such security being entered into and delivered to such magistrates, such magistrates ! skill thereupon give to the person so applying, a certificate under their hands and seals in manner and form followings that is to

*7>

County of (or, county of the city of

*r, county of the totoii of at the eatt map be.)

4YX7E, if. B. and C. jD., two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said countyibeing the justices nearest resi dent to the habitation of E. F. of do hereby certify.

That thefcaid E. F. is a ht and proper person to be entrusted with the sale of spirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, and cyder, by retail, St in the parish of (or, if the

3io Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. a.rjb.

[1806.

place is extra-parochial, the name of the place)* until the twenty'*' ninth day of September next after the date hereof; and' that ail - '/ requisites for entitling the said E. F. to the said licence have been

duly performed, and that the sureties of the said E. F. given-for entitling him to the said licence, are G. H. of'and /. K. of Witness oiir hands and seals, thb

day of in the year of otir

Eord

On produo V. And be it further enacted, That the person desiring such cCTtificate^cence> shall deliver such certificate so signed and sealed as afore-distributor of sa^>to some distributor of stamps in the county in which the 8tampsmay place mentioned in such certificate for retailing the said liquory, grant licen- shall lie, or to such other officer or person as Stall bel appointed ce8, for that purpose by the of of stamp-duties, and, there-

upon, such distribr^or, or other officer or person, shall forthwith make, and sign, and deliver to such person, a licence* in the form following, that is to say;

D. of is hereby licensed to sell spirituous

liquors, wine, beer, ale, and cyder, by retail, at^(naming the place in the said certificate mentioned), in the parish of (or, if the place is extra-parochial, the name df

r, the place,) on and from the day of the date hereof, until the 1 " twenty-ninth day of September following. Witness my hand, this day of in the year '*_

'A. 'B. distributor of stamps,

or, officer appointed by the stamproffice,

'( '*(as the case may be J*

Which, licence shall be of force on and from the day of the granting thereof until the twenty-ninth day of September then next ensuing, and no longer; and every such licence shall be on vellum, parchment, or paper, stamped with the proper stamphy'law required for the same; and for the issuing of such licence, and the filling up the same, every such distributor, or other officer, or person, shall be entitled to demand the sum of two shillings and sixpence British currency as a fee, together with the amount of the stamp duty thfcreon, before he shall sign or deliver such'llcehce; and such distributor, or other officer or person, shall not,

' for^ssuing such licence, demand or receive any larger or other foe'than as aforesaid; and Kevery licence so granted by the said distributor or other officer, shill be of the same force and effect during the continuance thereof, as any licence granted under the said recited act.

Condition of\

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing

rn<aed PaXty act, the condition of e*ery bond which shall be gfteh by

m'-'any person licensed to $ell spifltuous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or

cyder, by retail under the said recited act, or this act, shall be as

; follows; 1 that is to say; that the person to be licensed shall keep

tv'aric*

I,

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 70. 311

1 victualling house, inn, or tavern, during the time such licence shall be in force, and shall be constantly provided with strong beer, ale, or porter, and victuals of good and sound quality for Sale by retail, and shall supply all travellers who shall require it,

With such victuals, and beer, ale, and porter, at reasonable.rates; and shall not sell spirituous liquors to be consumed in his or her house or premises on or during a Sunday, at any time of the day whatever, nor wine, ale, beer, porter, or cyder, bn a Sunday, before two of the clock in the afternoon; nor spirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, porter, or cyder, before sun-rise in the morning of any day, nor after an unseasonable hour any evening, except to travellers; nor to any tradesman, artificer, or labourer, resorting to die house of the person so licensed for the purpose of paying or receiving wages, or of entering into any combination; and shall not knowingly or wilfully entertain any persons assembling for the purpose of entering into any unlawful association or combination therein, nor any person in arms who is not by law qualified to carry the same; and that such person so to be licensed respectively, shall not at any time receive into his or her house, or permit or suffer to be sold therein or thereout, any spirituous liquors which shall not, to the best of his or her knowledge and belief, have fully paid the duties thereon, and which shall not have been duly and legally attended with proper permits to such person from the distillery or stores of a distiller, factor, or other person selling spirits, and being duly licensed thereto according ta law.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Persons retail-passing of this act, no person shall sell any spirituous liquors,

wine, beer, ale, or cyder, by retail in Ireland, unless such person tenable to shall, at the time of selling such spirituous liquors, wine, beer, penalties unde. of cyder, by retail, be licensed so to do either under the der recited Saia recited act or this act; and if any person shall sell any spi- act* rituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder, by retail, without having a licence in force for that purpose at the time of selling the same, every such person being duly convicted thereof in manner as in the said recited act is directed, shall forfeit and incur the several sums of money, penalties, and forfeitures in the said recited act mentioned and contained with respect to persons selling such spirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder, by retail, without being licensed in manner required by the said Merited act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all bonds and se- Justices shay curides entered into by the persons requiring certificates from J^OTUt two justices under this act, shall be from time to time trans* before^them mined or delivered by such justices, or one of them, within by parties li-three months after the same shall have been so entered into, to censed, to fte respective clerks of the peace, to be by them kept among the clerk records of the county, in such manner as the said clerks of the

peace are by the said recited act required to keep the bonds same as under entered into by persons licensed under the said recited act; and as j* c. 50.

every 3*

Payments in respect to fairs shall be made to stamp-distri-

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 70. [1806.

every clgrk of the peace in Ireland shall, upon demand made to him by any justice of peace for the county, or by the commissioners of excise, or of for managing the stamps duties, or any of them, or by any officer acting under the authority or orders of either of the said of, produce any bond in his custody under the said recited act or this act, so demanded for the inspection of the person demanding the same, under pen of five pounds British currency, to be recovered by civil bill by the person making $uch demand.

IX. And whet eas by the said recited act it is enctctedy That every person having a licence to sell spirituous liquors, wine, beer % alef or cyder, by retail, and duly authorised by any magistrate to sell suck spirituous or other liquors at any fair, shall pay to the collector ojf excise for the district wherein such fair shall be heldy such duty as shaB^ bte payable therefore for each fair-day at which such person shall be JO authorised to sell such liquors; be it enacted, That, from and aftejj the expiration of ten day after the passing of this act, every $u4| duty now payable, or hereafter to be payable, shall be paid anq payable to some distributor of stamps m die county in whics

butor, and not such fair shall be held, and not to any collector of excise or otl

to collector of excise.

Distributor shall make month turns

: h!y re* \ of li-

person* and every such payment so made to such discribui shall have the same force, validity, and effect in all resj whatsoever, as the same might or could have under the recited act, if made to the collector of excise of the district 11 which such fair shall be \ and such distributor shall certify si payment upon the foot or back of such licence, in such manner as the said collector of excise is by the said recited act authorised and required to' do.

X. And be it further enacted, That every distributor of stamps or other officer appointed by the said of of stamps, shall from time to time on the first day of every month, or within cencesgranted three days after, at all such other times as they shall be thereto by him 5 required by notice signed by any commissioner of excise, or by any commissioner of stamps, transmit to the excise and stamp?! offices in Dublin respectively, a true and accurate list of all licences, issued by them respectively, under and by virtue of this act in the month preceding, or during such period as shall be required of them^ with the date of such licences, the names of the persons licensed, and their sureties, and the places where they shall be licensed to sell, and the amount of the stamp duty paid on such licences re-and of money spectively 5 and every distributor shall in like manner transmit to the said excise and stamp-offices, an account of all such sum and sums of money as shall have been received by such distributor.in respect of licences by magistrates for selling at fairs; and if any such distributor or other officer shall refuse or neglect to return such list within diree days after the first day of every month, or within ten days after such notice as aforesaid, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds British currency.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any distributor of distributor stamps, or other officer or person appointed by the said commis-for extortion. r r'sioner*

received on fair licences.

Penalty on distributor

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 70.

doners of stamps for the purposes of this act, shall demand, take, or receive directly or indirectly by himself, or any other person employed by him or acting on his behalf, any greater fee or fees/, for doing his duty under this act, or under the said recited act,

(than is or are allowed unto him by this act or by the said recited tad, or shall refuse to fill up or give any licence or certificate [iSjmred to be given by him for the purpose of carrying this act \pt the said recited act into execution, such distributor or bthet1 hpersons hall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds jBr/7/VA currency

Koany person who shall sue for the same, and shall be, and he is ficreby declared incapable of ever after acting as a distributor of ttfimpS) or officer under the of of stamps.

PXH. And be it further enacted, That in case any person Heiia may tensed to sell spirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder, by of U-toil under the said recited act, or this act, shall happen to die cences, as well aing the continuance of the licence granted to such person, it as executors, oD and may be lawful for the heir of such person who shall under 45 G*3* icoroe possessed of the house or place in which such person c. 5*8ec*taQ have been licensed so to sell the same, to continue to sell ptuous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder, by retailin such me or place until the expiration of the term for which such Sence shall have been granted, in like manner, and upon the like editions, and under the like restrictions, as the executor or Sninistrator of such person so dying, may do under or by virtue flhe said recited act.

Xm. And be it further enacted, That the justice or justices Convictions, or before whom any conviction shall be had or made of any turned toth* n for selling' spirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, dr cyder, assizes, 8cc* i licence under the said recited act, or this act, shall next ensuing. such conviction to the clerk of the crown at or before the <Jay8 after rxt ensuing assizes or presenting term which shall happen after tionC andwol wenty clear days from the date of such conviction; and such ceeded on as noceedings shall be thereupon had as are required and directed under 45 G.3. lv the said repited act with respect to convictions returned to the c. 5* sect* 63* perk of the crown under the said recited act 5 and in case there Application shall be no county-infirmary in which the parish, towri-land, or of fine, where town, shall be situate, off which the fine mentioned in the said thereJs no ttcited act shall be levied in consequence of such conviction,

&en, Mid in such case, the money levied for any such fine shall*ke paid by the treasurer of the said county to such infirmary or other charitable institution within such county, as the court at ttch assizes or presenting term shall direct.

XIV. And be it declared and enacted, That so much of the Directions in said recited act as contains any directions or provisions with g^, t# as to respect to licences for the sale of spirituous liquors in the city of licences in Dublin, or in the county of the city of Dublin, or in the county Dublin, &c. of Dublin, shall be deemed, taken, and construed to extend, and re^aiVlfcen- dull extend and relate to licences for selling spirituous liquors, ce8 oni^ tfine, beer, ale, and cyder, by retail only within the said city, and county of the said city, and county of Dublin respectively; any

thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Bounties for sale of beer in the year ending 19th September 1804, shall be paid by collectors on order of commissioners of excise.

Penalty on collector or clerk of peace for not fumjshing'*abstracts required by 45 Geo. 3.'c. 50: sect, 69. Recited act and this act shall be construed together.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 71.

[1S06.

XV. And whereas several retailers of spirituous liquors, w'iney farr, dhy and cyder y may have claimed, or ought to have been allowed a reduction of the duties paid by them for licences for the year next ensuing the Pwenty*ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred 'arid four, in respect of the quantities of strong beer or ale> sold by them by retail in the cities of Dublin, Cork* Waterford, ! or Xinierick, during the year ending on the said twenty-ninth day if* September one thousand eight hundred and four> which re duct^have lioi been allowed to such retailers; be it enacted, That Commissioners of excise shall make due enquiry into all claims any such retailers to such deductions, and if such commissk 'shall be of opinion, that the quantities of strong beer and ale by such retailers during, such year, were actually such as entitle them to such reductions, it shall be lawful for the of, and they'are hereby required, to order the lectors of excise in the said several cities respectively, to p t such retailers out of any revenue in their hands, a bounty 01 v of money, equal to the amount of such reductions respecti all which payments shall be allowed to the said Collectors in accounts.

XVI. And whereas it is by the said recited act amongst other enacted, that every person who shall be licensed to sell spirituous o liquors by retail under the said act, shall, for the purposes ti mentioned, be furnished by the collector in whose district such shall reside, or by the clerk of the peaces with a printed abstract _ regulations in vie said act contained, respecting the conduct or of retailers; be it enacted, That, from and after the pass! this act, every such collector or, clerk of the peace, who sh; demand thereof refuse, neglect, or omit to furnish such abst- any such person so licensed, shall, for every such refusal, n< or omission, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds: provided a jhat no such collector or clerk of the peace, shall be bound furnish such abstract to the same person more than once.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the powers, visions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and contained in the said recited act of the last session of parli; shall extend, and be construed to extend, and shall be applied' the execution of this act, as fully and effectually to all intents purposes, as if the said powers, provisions, penalties, forfeii clauses, matters, and things, were repeated and re-enacted i act, and that the said recited act and this act, shall be cons together so far as the same are compatible with each other, so far as the said recited act is not expressly altered or re]

\>y this act.

CAP. LXXI.

An act to amend several acts for the encouragement of finding working mines and minerals within Ireland.-i  [July 3, 1806.]

Irish act, l6. i.

WHEREAS by an act made in the parliament of Ireland^ the tenth near of the reion of his late majesty King Geo*

the tenth year of the reign of his late majesty JLing the First, intituled An act for the further encouragement of

ifk&]Anno^regili quadr9gem^ex^i(jisoy III., <. 7*.. 315

hgand working mjaes and minerals wijtlun tl^is kiijgdomj it was mmgft otfar' things enacted, that it should be lawful^ to and for qk rnkbuhops, bishops, and other dignitaries, and persons ecclesiastical*

Imi to and for all bodies politick and corporateand other persons in If mi act mentionedf to make' and grant leases for tjurty-one years, -- t

fJ# iwWj and minerals whatsoever foqnd ami discovered, or which

' \t there after befound and discovered within their Respective, manors, "

v, or lands, in such manner as in and by the said a$t ij- mentioned directed, and that persons having such interest as in the said act, turned) in lands set in fee farm or otherwise, with an exception of r/ and minerals, should have full power and authority to, open, dig, '

work all mines or minerals which should or might be found in or i.'fL '

1 the scud lands*and to raise and carry aipqy the ojre thereof or tf itt the same for thirty-Qiie years as aforesaid and it is by the said Mact enacted, that all and every the persons aforesaid, and all f every person and persons to whorp the > said mines acid minerfjs M be demised as aforesaid, should, have free liberty to build nil houses as should be fundconvenient and useful far working tlif t mints, and to dig; and nude turf for the, Uff of the spitf houses, trt the same yihould happen to be in bogs orjjpuntfins, ynly making ['compensation as in the said act is mentioned; and, whereas, by qq Irish act, 15 in the parliament 0/". Ireland in the fifteenth year of the reign G. 3. k> late majesty King George the Second, for explainingfind' y'

Hfing the said hereinbefore recited act, the said recited act, <fyd' povisions thereof were extended to coal-mines; and whereas it is i] l'f'* tent enlarge the provisions of the said acts in manner herein- b 7.: (l) Tteationedy be it therefore enacted by the King's most excel- LA*

Majesty, by. aBdt ^ith ^he. jtfvjqft.W consent of the lfls Persons antT Inl and temporal, andi commons, ip this present, parliament bodies poli-pobled, ai^d by the autJho^ty Of jthat froffk^i^gr tick, &c. em-

passing of this act j it shall and may jje lawful to and fipr ^|1 |.every personnd persons, and for ^; and-syery body or bodies of mineg un_ feickaad corporate, ^ecclesiastical jO: cjvil, in the said recited der recited l or either of them mentioned, find who % the said recited acts, may loreither of theipare empowered to make leasq^ of m}nes, anfl of^ertahT8 toals in maimer in the said recited acts mfefntioned,: in like qUantities of nner to make and grant leases not exceeding the term of lands con-htyone years, of any quantity of land not exceeding three tiguous to e$, which shall or may be contiguous to such mines or mine- mine8> for Ij wherever such mines or minerals maybe situate; and where 31 ?ear8* Stmines or minerals shall happen to be situate in bogs or l&ifoins, then to make and grant such leases of any quantity (Hand mot exceeding fifteen acres, which may be contiguous fc> such mines or minerals, for the convenience and accommo-mtion of the said houses, and of the workmen occupying the gttme, and for cutting turf and erecting. smelting*houses for belting the ores of the said mines and minerals^ and for erecting J making other buildings' and J works necessary for the more itable working of any such mines; and that it shall and may lawful to and for all and every person or persons wher under liby Virtue of the ii4 recited acts, or ^ith^r of thfem, are em-

8*6

Hf. [i&&

powered to open* dig, and work mines and nunWato, and 44

imiM houses, as* in the said afcts is mentioned, to h6id, occupj and enjoy' such respective quantities of knd for thfc purport Aforesaid.

V IL And be it further enacted, That all such lessors and < persons to whom such land shall be demised, or who shall 1 or occupy the same under or by virtue of this act and Yefcited acts, or either of them, shall have full power and 1

buildings for berty to erect and make on the land so demised to, or hefcf

the convenience of working mines.

lessors may build on such lands Bmelting-houses and other

occupied'by them, smeltingdiouses, and any ether hwti buildings, and' works whatsoever, necessary fof the more Stable working of any such mines or minerals respectively, to V?ut, dig, and make turf on the said land tb be employed in smelting the ores of such mines or minerals, or in any of banner necessary for the electing of SYich mines; and that the hiore easy working of such mines or minerals, such lessee other persons shall have full power and free liberty to divert* foake use of stay such1 stream or streams of water as shall through any part of such land sb demised or occupied, -ati shall ntit have been u&dd, occupied or employed by any*or mill-dam previous to the time when such land shall b(

* demised t>r occupied for the purposes in this act mentioned, Compensation #IH. Provided Always, and be it patted. That all aade uch lTnd tar PelrsoT1 anc* who by virtue of this act shall use bred

manner re- 'any such land for the purposes in this act mentioned, shaft! quired by "Compensation to such person or persons as shall be entitled*) firet recited -possession* of such lands, in such mand^: ah<Pforth as if by a % s^1 feid first tdeited act required and drrected^ with respect to I'herein or whereon any mines and minerals shill be<#"

rV" W^krty hbhSes shall bd built, ttnd&'for by virtue of the_

,"irited'afcts, 'ind that atf clauses, powers, and provisions hi

said recited acts, or either of them contained, with respectthe matters and things 'in the said acts mentioned, shall ex!

; and be ^qnstnietF to extend and be applied in the execiitid

this"act, as'fully and effectually as if such clauses, powers,

provisions, had been repeated and reenacted in this act.

CAP. LXXII.

w'- ( An act for enabling his Majesty to permit the importation on

portation of certain goods and commodities into, and from tit 1 of Road Harbour, in the island j^Tortola.

[July 3, 18-

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain articles, goods, and t modifies, which are permitted in an act passed in the fa ffth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to ot 4j 0.3 c* J7* solidate the several laws now in force for allowing the

tation and exportation of certain goods and merchandise' and from certain ports in the West Indies, to be imported k port ^Nassau, in the island of New Providence, one of the 1 ma Islands, should in like manner bepermitted by his Maflttg, typ with tfit advice of his privy council, to be imported into, and etyrt

f\

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 7 j, 517

the pprt afHoad-] harbour, in the island of Tortola, $/* of the

Islands; Be therefore enacted by the King's most ex-

majesty, by 4nd with the advice and consent of the

spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-

at assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from His Majesty

[after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for ujay permit

Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to ti^|, intQ>Roadt

the importation into the said port of R, oak Harbour, in the Harbour and j

of Tortola, one of the Virgin Islands, and the exportation exportation

thence into this kingdom, of all such artides, goods, and fr?m thence, .0.1 of such arti-

ities, as are permitted as aforesaid to be im

into

cles as are per.

of Nassau, in the island of Hew frovidence, one, of the mitted to be Islands, and to be exported from thence to thi6 king- imported in the same manner, on the same duties and drawbacks, the Prt * [subject to the same rules, regulations, restrictions, pen^l-\pnd forfeitures, as are provided in the said act, respecting^jtion into, and exportation from, the port of Nassau, and subject to such rules, reg^laqpps, conditions, and re* is, as shall from time to time be directed by his Majesty, with the advice aforesaid.

And be it further enacted, That it 6hatt be lawful fqrhfc His Majesty r, by and with the advice of his privy council, to per-m? a, s. PCT^ importation into the port of Road Harbour, in the said tation^nt^0^ of Tortola, and exportation from theqee, without payment and exporta*

duty of custopis, of all sugar whatsoever, under and sub- tion from Road hto such rules, regulations, and restrictions, as may froin v

k to time be directed by his Majesty, by such advice as afore- payment of and all sugar imported into the united kingdom of Greta the duty of in and Ireland, from the said island of Tortola, other than customs, &c. ^except such sugar as shall actually be of the growth and ce of the British Virgin Islands, and exported as such the certificates of the collector and comptroller of the as of the said island, which certificate shall be given such form as shall be directed by his Majesty, by and with advice of his privy council, and shall not be given in any year for any greater quantity than five millions eight ired and eighty thousand pounds weight, shall be deemed taken to be foreign sugar, and be imported into the ' Kingdom as such, and subject to all rules, regulations, ictions relating thereto.

CAP. LXXIII.

foot for granting rates of postage on the conveyance of letters and "jackets to and from Gibraltar and the island of Malta.

[July 3, 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the improvement of commerce and correspondence, and for the mote speedy conveyance of % and packets between the united kingdom of Great Britain and

and the town and fstress of ibralts^ the island of Malta, to establish one or more packet-boats between the port* of Faf-

3*8

For the conveyance of letters by 1 packet-boats from or to Falmouth,

Aftjfio'fegai quadragesimo

mouth, in the county of Cornwall, or such other pprt'hn thk T7rffe/ Kingdom as his Majestfs post-master general for the time being, ' flpS appoint y and the town and fortress of (J ibraltar, r and the isL Malta; be it therefore enacted by the Kinds' most exc majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lord|h ritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliatt assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shaft! lawful for his Majesty's post-master general and his

or other place, and deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorised for G*bF iSr^be use his Majesty? his heirs and successors, at any time i gj^es the other t^ie pawing or this act, to depiand, have, receive, and* take

rates.

rates now the port and conveyance of all and every the letters and pi payable) there ets that shall be carried or conveyed by packet-boats frail Se'fiSfomn1 to Port^Falmouth aforesaid, or from or to any d convenient port in the united kingdom of Great Britain*Ireland to or from the town and fortress of Gibraltar and above all other rates payable for' conveyance ofl letters and padefcta7 within die" said TJhited King'den packet-postage according to* the rates and sums in stt money herein after mentioned, the same being rated eit the letter or by the ounce; that is to say,

For every single*letter, bne shilling and nine-pence: For every double letter, three shillings and sixpence: For every treble letter, five shillings and three-pencerJ And for every ounce, seven shillings; and so in prop*for every packet of greater weight than an ounce:

And for the port and conveyance of all letters and pa

Rates for

vev^tofike ^at carried or conveyed by packet-boats from

manner to or the said port of Falmouth, br from or to any other con-

front Malta.

port in the said United Kingdom! to or from the said of Malta (over and above all other rates payable for^ ance of such letters and packets within the said United dom), a packet-postage laccording to the rates and su! sterling money herein after mentioned, the same bbing either by the letter or by the Ounce; that is to say,

For every single letter, two shillings and one penny:

For every double letter, four shillings and two-pence:

For every treble letter, six shillings and thfee-pence:

And for every ounce, eight shillings and four-pence so in proportion for every packet of greater weight ounce:

And for the port and conveyance of every single letter first conveyed by packet-boats from the said United KiagcL. betwe^Gib- 8ent ^rom or to the sa^ town and fortress, to or from the it

Rates for letters con-

ralfar and Malta.

Acts relating to the post office to

island of Maltay the sum of sixpence:

For every double letter, one shilling:

For every treble letter, one shilling and sixpence:;

And for every ounce, two shillings; and so in propdAl for every packet of greater weight than an ounce.

II. And be it further enacted, Tlmt, from and after the blishment of packet-boats for the purposes aforesaid,

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 74. 3 if

ererf the clauses, provisions, powers, privileges, advantages, dis- extend to 1 abilities, penalties, and methods for recovery of the same, and all*

other matters and things contained in any act or acts of parliament relating to the post office, shall extend and be deemed and l^tonstrued to extend to the said town and fortress of Gibraltar and the said island of Malta, and to each and every of them, and to pH his Majesty's subjects therein respectively, as "fully and effectually in every respect, as if the same and his tylpj^sty's objects therein, were expressly included in such acts, or in any {them.

III. And be it further enacted, That the monies to arise by the Monej to be Stesand duties aforesaid, except the monies which shall be he-eswry to detray such expences as shall be incurred in the^ uaagement and collection of the samej shall be paid into the.iptof the exchequer at Westminster, and carried to and made of the consolidated fund of Great Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Persons sued at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for thing by him, her, or them done otexeputed in pursuance of act, or of any cl-use, matter, or thing herein contained, such Won and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give especial matter in evidence for his, her, or their defence; and upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defend-nts, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then ich defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to in, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiff*.

CAP. Lxxrv.

An act for permitting Prussian yarn to be imported in foreign ships, on payment of the like duties as if imported in British ships. 

[July 3, 1806.]

FOR better carrying on the trade of this kingdom during the continuance of hostilities, be it enacted by the King's most icellent, majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the srds spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present par-ament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all Prussian yam Prussian yarn imported into the United Kingdom since the fourth imported.

Kof April one thousand eight hundred and six, or which i^any* be imported after the passing of this act, in any foreign foreign vesil ip or vessel, under and by virtue of an act passed in the under 43 G. 3. hty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An actct, 53-spermit, during the continuance of hostilities, and until six months |wr the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace y the importation \mto Great Britain and Ireland in neutral vessels, from states in*amity with his Majesty, of certain goods, % uares, and merchandize, and to empower his Majesty by order in council to prohibit the ex-tion of copper, and to permit the importation in neutral vessels,  states not in amity with his Majesty, of certain goods, wares,

\ppi merchandize, shall be subject and liable to the same duties to be subject Ilf Customs, and to the same rules, regulations,^i^ctions,

m mm Akh a li t^> . rv 1, 1 1 % /- A 1n 1 A f^__ 4^J m*m

Monies received by re-ceiver-general A4V^J1 of the excise, and shall be paid by him into the Bank.

320 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 75. [i5|o6.

if imported in a British ship or vessel, owned and navigated according to law; any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for the better regulation of the office of receiver-general tf the duties of excise in England.

[July 3, 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that regulations should be established by law in the office of the receiver-general of the aodtsfc that all monies, bills, notes, and drafts received on the account ef dr revenue under the management of the commissioners of excise, j be lodged in the bank of England, previous to its being taken thence to the Exchequer; be it therefore enacted, by the $ most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this p parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand eight hi and six, all monies, bills, notes, and drafts received coming to the hands of the receiver-general of the excise, account of the revenue of excise in Great Britain (except herein after excepted) shall be paid by him into the ham, the governor and company of the bank of England, (thati| say) such monies, notes, and drafts, either on the same the day after the same shall be received, and such bills day on which the same, having been first duly accepted, shall been indorsed by the commissioners of excise, for which m bills, notes, and drafts, the entry in the book herein after tioned shall be a sufficient discharge; and all such m bills, notes, and drafts, so to be paid to the governor and pany of the bank of England, shall be placed to an aco be raised in the books of the said governor and company, be intituled The account of the publick monies of the receiver of the excise, inserting the name of such receiver-general time being.

Money for or-

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, dinary pay- jt s}ia|l he lawful for such receiver-general to retain and* in his own hands, for the payment of casual, and ordinary] daily demands, out of the monies so received by him at receiver-general, such sum not exceeding thirty thousand at the close of each day, unless any further sum shall be to be retained by the said of, not exceed^ thousand pounds over and above the said thirty thousand or unless with the permission in writing of any three of the lords of of his Majesty's treasury.

Bank to keep HI, And be it further enacted, That the governor and

be retu^edto Pan7 or some person duly ai

the excise-n t"at behalf, shall daily upon receiving any money, bise, officer for or drafts from such receiver-general of the excise, W

inspection, entry of the money, bills, notes and drafts so rtcqtf^fH

book to be provided by the governor and company of thfi J*of 'England\ with the approbation of the lords '

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 75. 321

of tis Majesty's treasury, and sent for that purpose by such receiver-general; which book shall be forthwith re-delivered to t&e persons making the payments for the excise-office, and inspected daily after its return by the comptroller of the cash of the excise, or his clerk, such clerk being first duly authorised by him, for whose conduct he shall be answerable; who shall Compare the same with the book kept by such comptroller, for lie purpose of seeing that the receiver-general constantly pays liato the Bank all the money, bills, notes and drafts which he [jtaght to do under the provisions of this act; and any default nfluch such comptroller, 6r his clerk duly authorised as aforesaid, may discover in that behalf, shall be immediately reported ftte commissioners of excise.

JV. And be it further enacted, That the monies placed to Money car-fe account of the receiver-general as aforesaid in the bank of to the wiW, shall be paid into the Exchequer from time to time as be wrote^ff0 r.hw is directed, in manner following; (that is to say), the at the Bank, [river-general or his clerk duly authorised by him for that &c. fpose, for whose conduct therein he shall be answerable, ill make an order upon the governor and company of the ok of England (which order shall be countersigned by the bptroller of the cash of the excise) to write off from his wiffit the sum desired, and the said governor and company, some person duly authorised on their behalf, shall thereupon it off such sum, and deliver a note, drawn and cancelled in h mander and form as shall be approved by the lords com-ifioners of his Majesty's treasury, for the amount to the fever-general or his clerk, who snail pay the same into the thequer, and the bank clerks attending the re shall receive it much cash; and it shall not be lawful for the governor company of the bank of England to pay or transfer any It of the money so deposited and placed to the account of A receiver-general, from such account, otherwise than into

; Exchequer, in manner aforesaid, or to deliver any note or fcs, bill or bills of exchange, save and except to the solicitor the excise or his clerk, upon his application for the same, ether with the receiver-general or his clerk, and the compiler of the cash or his clerk, for the sole purpose of taking tan extent for the security of the money for which such bill bxchange, or draft shall have been given, in which case the 8 of excise shall be immediately acquainted therewith, if Ing, by such solicitor, receiver-general, and comptroller of I, or if not sitting at the time of their assembling; and A delivery shall be entered by the Bank in the book to be t as is herein directed.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Certain Ttffy contained shall extend to require certain monies received monies not receiver-general, of the description herein after men- ^Bank* to be pbid into the bank of England, (that is to say) to be received arising by deductions on account of the civil-list tax, and and accounted IJling tax on salaries, or on account of the charity fund for ag before.

3?4

balance to test in his successor.

Receiver-general to

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 75. [1806.

for superannuated officers, or money received from the routing.of coffee, or arising from the sale of goods for which the dories

shall not have been paid, or of condemned seizures, but such monies shall continue to be received, accounted for, and applied as they were before the passing of this act.

On the death

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon the death, Terig-or removal of nation, or removal of the present and of every other receiver- J general^the" general of the excise hereafter to be appointed, the balance of'cash for which he shall at that time have credit on his account as such receiver-general with the governor and company of the bank of England, shall, as soon as a successor shall be appointed to the said office, actually vest in such successor in trust for the service of the excise, and be forthwith transferred, carried and placed to the account of -such successor, to be applied 81 the said service in pursuance of the like orders as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after thefiSN

keep count one thousand eight hundred and six, the recewft

xeepac o.general of the excise for the time being, shall keep the accoa with the Bank of all monies issued on his account for the senfc of the excise; and the said receiver-general, observing the and regulations hereby prescribed, shall not answerable I any money which he shall have so paid or caused to be Jj into the bank of England; and the governor and company the bank of England shall be answerable for all the igqg bills, notes, and drafts, which shall be actually received' them from and on account of such receiver-general as a|g said; except 9uch bills as may have been returned in aforesaid.

Forging in-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, qr<! felony with- or Procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and out benefit of fully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting the ing clergy. hand-writing of the receiver-general of the excise for the i being, or of the comptroller of the cash of the excise, or person or persons duly authorised as aforesaid, to any instrument or writing whatsoever, for or in order to tha ceiving or obtaining any of the money in the hands or of the governor and company of the bank of England) count of the receiver-general of the excise, or snail font counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or countttgj or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or feiting any draft, instrument, or writing in form of a made by such receiver-general, or the person or persons i rised as aforesaid, or snail utter or publish any such, fa the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an iqfawftE 4 defraud any person whomsoever \ every such person

so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty j and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without1 clergy.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 76. 323

IX. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, Act may be wed, or repealed by any act to be made in this present seasiota^jjff?* of parliament. .*8Cf^1'

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for the better regulation of the office of rece 'i ver-gpneraf of the stamp-duties in England.

[July 3, 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that regulations should be established bp lawy for depositing all the monies, bills y and Irnfis, received on account of the revenue under the management Tf tie of of stamps, except as herein after is mentioned, in bank of England, until the same shall be paid into the Exchequer,

W mo required by law; be it therefore enacted by the King's pwst excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of jke lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present 'ament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, Monies re land after the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundredcei^by thp I six, all sums of money, bills, drafts, and notes, which shall ^ra/of ! received by the receiver-general of the duties under the stamps shall "i^ement qJF the of of stamps, shall be paid by be paid by 1 into the hands of the governor and company of the bank him in*0^\England; that is to say, the money and notes, and such of day after the^bills and drafts as shall be already accepted, or not require receipt tfcere-stance, on the day after the same shall be received, and of, &c.

1 of the bills and drafts as shall require acceptance, and not t already accepted when received, on the day after the same1 be accepted, ^nd all such monies, bills, drafts, and notes,

I be placed to an account to be raised in the books of the jl&d governor and company, and to be entitled, " The account the publick monies of the receiver-general of the Stampses, " inserting the name of uch receiver-general for the Be being.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it Receiver-lull be lawful for the said receiver-general from time to time general may)retain in his hands, out of the monies received by him as so?dinTrv^receiver-general, such sums of money not exceeding the payments/

1 of one thousand pounds in each week, unless any larger under direc-Rtt shall be allowed in writing by any three or more of the tiono^the N&la of of his Majesty's treasury, as the commis-j^ liters of stamps shall from time td time direct, for the pay-IBt of casual and ordinary charges and expences payable out , the revenue under the management of the of of

And be it further pnaptqd, That the governor and com-Bank to enter of the bank of England, or some person duly authorised daily money, m in that behalf, shall daily upon receiving any money, drafts, or notes, from the repeiver-general ot stamps, returned to an entry -of the money, bills, drafts, and notes, so re- the stamp-wed, in a book to be provided for that purpose, which book Afdl be forthwith returned to the stamp-office j and inspected c^ptroller, aftpr it# r^tprn by th^ c9ipptroller and accountant-general,

-0^1 or

y?

3*4

Mode'ofmak< ing weekly

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 76. [1806.

or deputy comptroller and accountant-general of the strop* duties, who shall compare the same with the books kept by jpja, for the purpose of seeing that the receiver-general constantly _ pays into the Bank all the money, bills, drafts, and notes, which he ought to do under the provisions of this act; and any default which such comptroller and accountant-general, or deputy comptroller and accountant-general, may discover in, that half, shall be immediately reported to the of of stamps, who shall report the same, unless the same shall appox to them to have happened by mistake or inadvertence, to tSfe lords of of the treasury.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the weekly paymi into the Exchequer pursuant to law, of the monies arising "

the Exchequer &e duties under die management of the commissioners of money re- stamps, shall be made in manner following; (that is to "

the said receiver-general, or one of his clerks, to be deputed 3 tamp-dutier. authorised by him for that purpose, shall make an order uj the governor and company of the bank of England to write f from his account the sum desired, which order shall be c tersigned in such manner as the lords of the treasury direct, and the said governor and company, or some person < authorised in that behalf, shall upon receipt of such order off the sum therein mentioned accordingly, and deliver a for the amount (which for greater security shall be cane to the bearer of such order, who shall pay the same into t* chequer, and the bank clerks attending the re to receive paid into the Exchequer shall receive such note as so cash.

V. And be it further enacted, That for the payme salaries, incidents, and other charges and expences, payable of the revenue under the management of the commission 

Receiver-general may draw on the Bank for such

sum as the of shall direct for the payment of salaries, Sec. in case the money retained be insufficient.

Drafts^drawn pursuant to this act suffi.

s

stamps, (and which the money to be retained by the receiver-general as before directed may be insufficient to it shall be lawful for the said receiver-general, or one o clerks, to be deputed and authorised by him for that pur; to draw out of the bank of England, as occasion may re<) such sum or sums of money, as the of of st shall from time to time allow and direct in that behalf; and every draft or order on the bank for money for any of the! mentioned purposes, shall be countersigned in such mar the lords of of his Majesty's treasury shall and shall specify the head of service for which the same \' issued \ and the said receiver-general shall from time t account for the monies so to be drawn by him or his out of the Bank, as well as for the monies so to be retailed him as aforesaid, and for the application thereof respectiym in such manner as the of of stamps, with thjgnH probation of the lords of of his Majesty's I shall direct. f

VI. And be it further enacted, That all drafts drawn

suant to any of the directions of his act but not ot

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 76. 345

itaS}Jbe sufficient authority to the bank of England to pay the cient autho-imount thereof to the persons mentioned in such drafts or bearer of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon the death, resignation, or removal of the present and of every other receiver- tjje j^c^yer-feneral of stamp-duties hereafter to be appointed, the balance general the xt cash for which he shall at that time have credit on his balance in the account as receiver-general with the governor and company of the bank of England, shall, as soon as a successor shall be ap- cewor. pointed to the said office, actually vest in such successor in trust'for the service of the publick, and be forthwith transferred,

'Carried over, and placed to the account of such successor, to h % e applied to the said service in pursuance of the like drafts 4nd orders as aforesaid; and the receiver-general for the time shall and he is hereby directed and required to issue his and orders as aforesaid, for all unsatisfied charges and ds payable out of the aforesaid revenue, although the shall have accrued in the time of any fornier receiver-al.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after four- days after the passing of this act, the receiver-general of f^p^ccount stamp-duties for the time being, shall keep the account with with ths.Bank of all monies issued by and paid to the Bank on his Bank.

it for die service of the publick; and the said receiver-observing the rules and regulations hereby prescribed,

I not be answerable for any money, bills, drafts, or notes,

1 he shall have so paid into the bank of England; and the nor and company of the bank of England shall be answet-Ue fer all the monies^ bills, drafts, or notes, which shall bp received by them as aforesaid from the receiver-general f the stamp-duties.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Foiling in-knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit or cause or strumentsdo-tre to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully cl?red felony

fetor assist in forging or counterfeiting the name or hand-writing jfto^ergy^ IFtbe receiver-general of the Stamp-duties for the time being, or m hi* clerk, or of either of the commissioners of stamps, to any fest, instrument, or writing whatsoever, for or in order to the jfedring or obtaining any of the money in the hands or custody If Ae governor and company of the bank of England, on account iff Ac receiver-general of the stamp-duties, or shall forge or coun-or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or jfocwingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any draft, instrument, or writing in form of a draft, made % such receiver-general or his clerk, or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with intention to defraud any person whomsoever, every such person or persons so offending, being the feofiawfully convicted, 'shall be and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy

i6 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 77, '7k [1806.

Act may be X. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, altered this varied or repealed, by any act to be made in this present Session.Of parliament.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for continuing the encouragement of persons mating ^diecbrcncf for finding the longitude at $a, Or other useful discoveries and improvements id navigation, and for making experiments relating the refor, and for discharging certain, debts incurred by the commissioner! of the longitude in carrying the acts relating thereto info executloiu-[July 3, 1806.]

Act 43 Geo. 3. c. 118. recited. Cortrunissoners of longitude may certify the ainopht of the debts incurred undrr the recited act, and the names of the persons to whom due, to the of of the navy, who shaft make out bills on the treasurer for payment. Commissioners may cefr tify discoveries likely to be useful in the improvement of navigation, aflft certify such rewards as they think reasonable to be paid the persdal entitled thereto. Debts and rewards under this act not to' exceed; 10, 000l. Rewards how to be certified..Certificates not liable to slang* duties.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty art additional duty on the ami of the duties under the management of the of fir flg affairs of taxes therein mentioned.

[July 8, 1806.]

Most gracious Sovereign^ v

Wfe, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the augf mons of the United Kingdom, in parliament as$emblfl|| towards raising the necessary simplies to defray the expences jf the just and necessary war in which your Majesty is engaged, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and" grant to your Majesty the duty herein after mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice anil consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in thil present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, An additional That; there shall be assessed, Levied^ collected, and paid jun|e duty of io'. and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, through-^aki'onVssess-out ^rt: ai Britain, upon every assessment. made or to be 9ade ments made after the fifth day of April} one thousand eight hundred and under.under or by virtue of an act passed in the forty-thprd year of the 43 G(?o. 3. reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing tk

45 Vleo^ several duties under the management of the of fir theffohn

13. of ta*es* Ani granting npw duties. in li$u thereof; fir granting neu

duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the duties cj excise on licences, and on carriages constructed by'coachtrtahers % and granting new duties thereonp utider the management ff the said cm-inissjotiers for the affairs of taxes; and also new duties on persws selling carriages by auction^ or on commission,; t and ujldey or by virtue of an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act

fir

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 78.: 5x7

fir panting to his Majesty additional duties in Great Britain on tones used in riding, or for dratoing certain carriages; and for con-jdtdating the said additional duties with the present duties thereon; an additional rate or duty after the rate of ten pounds per centum cpon such assessments.

\ "XL And be it further enacted, That the of author Commissioni wed or appointed, or who shall be authorised or appointed to put offi^under 'Jfl execution the said several acts before mentioned, on the recited acts to feount of which the said additional rate or duty is hereby im- put this act In s pwed, shall be of for executing this present act; and execution, that tKe several receivers-general appointed or who shall be ap- ited to receive the rates and duties to be assessed and collected str or by virtue of the said acts shall, without any new com-uttiou or commissions, or any further security to be had, ob-'ned, or given, be receivers-general of the said additional rate duty hereby imposed within their respective districts or coitions 5 and that the several surveyors, inspectors, assessors, and lectors respectively appointed or to be appointed to put in exion the said acts before-mentioned, or any of them, shall be jyors, inspectors, assessors, and collectors, to put in execution present act according to the respective powers and autho-given to them by the said acts; and the said of, rers-general, and other the persons aforesaid, being duly ied to act in the execution of the said acts before mentioned ttive to the said former rates or duties, shall, and they are eby respectively empowered and required to do all things fccessary for putting this act in execution with relation to the fl additional rate or duty hereby imposed, in the like and in as nd ample a manner as they or any of them are or is autho-'id put in execution the said former acts relative to the said

and duties, or any matters or things therein respectively ined.

SI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Duties to be day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, the said payable as the itional rate or duty hereby imposed shall be paid quarterly in tormsr duties, year, on the same days and times on which the rates and assessed under the said acts shall be payable, and upon assessment to be made after the said fifth day of April one iftd eight hundred and six, under or by virtue of the said the clerks to the respective of, and in their t, the respective surveyors and inspectors appointed or to appointed in pursuance of the said acts before mentioned, or fry of them, shall ascertain the amount of the said additional fltfeor duty hereby imposed; which said additional rate or duty t to'Chmputed shall fee added to the amount of the former assessed t rite* and duties, and shall be collected, raised, levied, and re*

under the rules, regulations, and directions prescribed by } ftfc said former acts, subject nevertheless to such proportionable.bcftafe or abatement in the amount thereof, as shall be necessary ificafe the said former rates or duties so assessed shall be in-

this act.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III..&, |.S. {, \8<*6.

creased or diminished, by any surcharge thereupon or therefrom in pursuance of the said acts: provided^ always, the computation of the duty granted by this act no rate of duty'shall be charged of a lower denonunatlop, than one fourth of a penny.

Powefeofafcts

IV. And be it further enacted, That the additional rate ordut* relative tofor-jjy ^g act imposed shall and may be respectively ascertained* t^extend to manage(h collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and aqcouqted foj, under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such general rules, methods, and directions, by which all thp* former rates and duties on the amount of which the said addk tional rate or duty is by this act imposed, Qr according to si special rules, methods, and directions, by which such of former tates and duties upon the amount of which the said tional rate or duty may be chargeable by virtue of this aqt or might be ascertained^ managed, collected, paid, recov< paid over, and accounted for, (except as far as any of the rules, methods, and directions are expressly varied by this and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, i ties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, contained in act or acts of parliament relative to the said former rates duties, or any of them, now in force and net hereby ot wise provided for the computing, surcharging, recovering, payh and accounting for the said* rates and duties by the said m. granted, as far as the same are applicable to the additional ratfi duty by this act imposed, and not repugnant to the pa: directions of this act, shall be in full force, and be duly ob practised, and put in execution throughout Great Britain, computing, surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting the additional rate and duty by this act grhnted, as fully and efl tually to all intents and purposes as if the same or the like powi authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clai matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising the said rate and duty hereby granted (the necessary charges raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Wt minster, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the pu! - revenues; and the said money so paid into the said receipt be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund of Britain.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the commissioneTa of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time beings of^ any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the being, shall for the period of ten years from the commencejneid-of this act, cause a separate and distinct account of the dutier granted by this act to be prepared and annually laid before pkfc liament, pursuant to an act passed in the forty-second year of reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for directing ar&hi fublkh accounts to be laid annually before parliament, and fir disrotn

C timing

Money to be carried to the consolidated fund.

Separate account of the duty to be kept, &c.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 79, 80. 329

tomjf certain ether forms of account now in use; and the monies MWg from the said duties shall be deemed a permanent increase to&e publick revenue of Great Britain, for the purpose of de-haying any increased charge occasioned by any loan made or stock created by authority of any act of parliament, passed or to passed in the present session of parliament.

CAP. LXXIX.

jj^icttoconfirn^ an agreement entered into between the commissioner* > rf his Majesty's treasury, an<'

and the most noble Augustus Henry duke of Grafton, in pursuance of an act of the forty-third year of his present Majesty.

[July 3, 1806.]

Stas-patent 24 Car. a. granting prisage and butlerage of wines recited, ifltmissionera of publick accounts, and select committee of finance, commend the pneage and butlerage of wines to be, re-vested in the pro. Act 43 Geo. 3. c. 156. recited. The Treasury by indenture W March j6, 1806, contract with the duke of Grafton for the pur-We of the prisage and butlerage of wine granted by the recited letters teat for the payment of an annuity of six thousand eight hundred and aty pounds. The contract for the purchase of the prisage and but-Ijeof wine confirmed, and the annuity of six thousand eight hundred ^severity pounds shall be paid out of the consolidated' fund quarterly. Sttury to direct the auditor of the Exchequer to pass debentures for toent of the annuity. Warrant for payment of.annuity not to be table. Treasury and all officers of the Exchequer required to do BT thing, without fee, necessary to render the payments effectual, taitpuices of the duke of Grarton to be a sufficient discharge for cat of the annuity, &c. Provision in case the duke of Grafton Tto desirous after the year 1814 that the annuity be funded by the jury. Provision in case the duke of Grafton shall be desirous of ng apart of the annuity not exceeding one-third funded, before the ration of the year 1814. Treasury may at any time fund or redeem Iteuity. When investment is made, annuity to cease.

CAP. LXXX.

An act to provide for the more effectual examination of accounts of the expenditure of the publick money in the West Indies, and for the letter discovery of frauds and abuses therein.

[July 3, 1806.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the forty-first year of tils present Majestffs reign, intituled An act to authorise his 41O.3. c. ai. deaty to appoint of for the more effectual exami-of accounts of publick expenditure for his Majesty's forces West Indies, during the present war, divers provisions were ifor the more speedy and fife dual examination of the said accounts the 'then existing war: and whereas it was by the said act pro* amongst other things, that nothing therein contained should the commissioners for auditing publick accounts, appointed under passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign,

), An act for better examining and auditing the publick jBCOttts of this kingdom, from investigating or passing or making & of the said accounts of expenditure in the West Indies, but mat Oft the contrary, the of to be appointed under the said ^mentioned act should act in aid only of the said of for WStin? publick accounts: and whereas it is expedient that some

'330' Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c.' 80. [1806.

further and more effectual provision should te made fir the more sptefa and effectual examination of the said accounts of expenditure in tie 1West Indies, 'and also fir discovering and preventing abuses in the several departments concerned therein; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, to this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of thej t^Tct* given same, That, from and after the passing of this act, the seven! 41 G. 3. c.a. powers and authorities by the said recited act of the forty-first to cease. year of his Majesty's reign, given to or vested in the of appointed under the same act, shall cease, determine, and be no longer executed.

His Majesty.Jl. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to ap-commission- \, i <- ^J.I

ers for enquir-P0llYt five of under the great seal of Great Bntata,

ing into the for enquiring into alh frauds and abuses that have been at

abuses, and any time since the first day of January one thousand seven

examining the ylun(|re(j an(j n; ne^y.three; or that may hereafter durinjr the accounts ot

persons, con- continuance of the present war, and until the expiration d

cemed in the twelve calendar months after the ratification of a definitive

expenditure treaty of peace with'all the powers with whom his Majesty isat

of the public preSertt at war, or may hereafter be engaged in war during th

money in ther IJ ., Tv b,

West Indies, continuance of the present, war with trance f be committed by

- and on the any persons whatever concerned in the management or custody continent of of the publick stores or provisions, or, in supplying or furrastong, rica AmC* advancing, applying, Or expending any money, bills, provisions, stores, or other articles, for the publick service, or in negod* ating bills, or in contracting for the hire, or in hiring or letting of any vessels for the said service, or in any other way whatever concerned in the expenditure of publick money in any of the islands in the West Indies or on the continent of South Antru&j and for examining thq publick accounts of all commissaries deputy commissaries, deputy paymasters, and all other officers and servants in the military and civil branches of the army, or of ordinance or engineer departments, and of all other persons whatever, who nave been or shall ot may be concenudin the expenditure of the publick monies, or in supplying or for nishing, advancing, applying, or expending, any money, tolls, provisions, stores, or other articles for the publick service, or in negociating bills, or in the contracting for the hire, or in luring or letting of vessels for the said service, or who have had cr schall or may have the management or custody, receipt or issue, of any part of the publick stores or provisions in any of the islands in the West Indies or on the contlhent of South America from the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, until the expiration of twelve calendar mantis from the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace as aforesaid.

Jr#?airUoffiay And be it further enacted, That the lords of

cer8^and*of the treasury of Great Britain, or any three or more of them, cktK* to assist may appoint such secretary^gr secretaries, officers and clerks,

and

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 80. 331

and other persons, to aid and assist such commissioners to be the commis-appointed as aforesaid under this act, as may from' time to time ^ers, and le necessary, and may allow them such salaries as shall be pro- claries

C, and also reasonable sums for incidental charges, the same to incidental paid out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain, and to charges'k issued clear of all deductions.

IV. And be it further enacted, That there shall he paid, frdm Salaries to be [j&d out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain, to such paid out of of the said of who shall be first named in the datedhtod"to commission, an annual salary not exceeding one thousand five tte stratand Ired pounds, and to each of the other of, an art- othercomi^fe-iital salary not exceeding one thousand pounds; and that when any siow % and fthe said of shall be sent out to the West Indies or I the continent of South America, in manner herein after mei> missioned lined, such additional salary may be allowed and paid out of 6ent to the ie said fund to such commissioner or of so to be West Indies out, as the said lords of of his Majesty's trea- ^outl" ITy, or any three OJ more of them, may think fit, so as that thb America, kfitional salary payable to every such commissioner So sent diit,

Id!not exceed the sum of five hurtdred pounds.\;

V. And be it further enacted, That the of to be Commission, primed under the authority of this act, or arty two or mord of ers appointed hft, shall be and they are hereby invested with such and thte to pe^ubject t toe powers and authorities, and shall perform the same duties'to the same re-fccept as herein after excepted), and be liable to the same con- gufations and tod, regulations, and directions, in every respect, in relation to [he^ame*1 fe examination of all accounts hereby directed to be exaVnincH p^ereas f them, and shall have the same power of examining upon oath, commission-t Otherwise, any person or persons touching the receipt and ex- ers for audit-Wditure of money forming the charge and discharge of anyDE ich count, and touching all other matt'ers artd -things neces-a ffjr for the clue execution of the powers vested in the said com-litoioners by this act, as the of appointed by vir-11c of the 6aid recited act of the twenty-fifth year of his present la^esty, for auditing the publick accounts, are now. under the

ast-mentioned act, or by any other law or any usage or cu$-invested with, tfrare subject and liable to, in relation t<? the lination of Uny of the publick accounts of Great Britain; and examination of any such accounts as aTe herein-before di-to be et^mirted by the of to be appointed ler this act, or any two or more of them; and all matters ' things ordered, directed, or done by them in relation thereto to any accountants, sub-accountants, or other person or per-fttoflS concerned therein, or examined touching the same, in put-'ri&nce of this act, shall be asf valid and effectual in all respects, r Jfcfto all intents and purposes, as if the said accounts had been tottiiined, and the Said acts, matters, and things, done by the corittmssionets apfptwnted under the said recited act of the twenty-irffifthy&r afdre&iid.

Vl. And, to the' intent that the objects of this act may be

more

331 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 80. [1806.

Commission more speedily, and effectually carried into execution; be it fut-ent of tTrea1" t^ieT enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said of, suiy, to select w^t^1 consent and approbation of the lords of of ome of their his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, from time number to go to time to select and authorise two or more of their number, to Indies or the Proceec* to West Indies, or to the continent of South America, continent of to enquire into the-Traiids and abuses, and to examine into

America, who the accounts and expenditure, and other matters and things herein-shaHbe vested before mentioned; and such of, so selected and authorised, shall have full power and authority to execute, either other4mm- separately or conjointly with the persons herein after named, or

misnantrs, any of them, all the powers, authorities, and duties herein-with certain before specified with respect to the of to be ap-exceptions, pointed under this act, except as herein after excepted: provided always, that notwithstanding any such selection, and absence from England in consequence thereof, of any one or more commissioner or of, the remaining commissioner or of shall and may proceed in the execution of this act as if such selection had not been macle.

Governors

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the gover-mid other of- nQr lieutenant-governor, or person acting as governor, of

power so eac^ an^ every of his Majesty's colonies &id settlements ia act with the the West Indies or South America, and the commander in chief, selected com- or commanding officer for the time being, in each of the said missionerfc in colonies and settlements respectively, present in any sudr omes. coiony or settlement, shall have power to act with and assist the of so selected and authorised in the execuwfi f of their office, and of the powers and authorities by this id

f; iven, in the several colonies or settlements respectively,

ully as  they had been by name included in the original com-

Selected commission to be issued by virtue of this act: provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorise such commit-transmit state-. -

merits of ex- sioners, so selected and authorised, or the persons so assist

animations and acting with them in the execution of their said duties, to to the board grant any such certificate of allowance as is herein mentioned* fionew^ctini? ut suc^ se^ecte^ anc^ authorised of and persons as - -last aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby required, to report

and transmit a correct and accurate statement, under their hands and seals, of such preparatory inquiries, investigations, and examinations, as shall be had by them, together with the tfi-deuce relating thereto, to the board of of in jfoy-land, acting by virtue of this act, who are hereby authorised and empowered to examine, and allow the accounts of expenditure to which the same shall relate, and to grant a certificate thereof in the manner herein provided; and such examinadoo and allowance, or the certificate thereof, being produced to tie of for auditing the publick accounts, shall 1# is valid and effectual to enable the final audit, statement, andf claration of the said accounts, as if such preparatory inquiries, investigations, and examinations, and ti*e evidence reltog

in England.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 80. 333

thereto had been actually made and taken by the said board granting such certificate of allowance.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be law- ^tlen"

fclfor the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or Treasury ma?

j^jore of them, by their warrant, to appoint and authorise tha authorise the7

tary attending such of so to be selected as afore- secretary to

in the event of the death or resignation of one of the said the seated i - .^ 0 c 1 comnussion-

l of, to act in the room of the person so de- cra to act -m

or resigning, until his Majesty's further pleasure shall the place of & signified thereupon; and such secretary, so authorised, shall one of them ire full power and authority to act in such case as one of the deceased or 'I of so selected, in the same manner, and with re8, gmng-, the same powers and authorities, as he might have done if l name had been inserted in the original commission, and he d been one of the of selected as aforesaid.

PX. And be it further enacted, That for the better execu- Coromwston*

1 of this present act, the of to be appointed in ^here consignee hereof, or any two or more of them, and also the venient, and nmissioners to be selected as aforesaid, or any one of them, to send pre- any person or persons appointed under this act, to act in cePt8 for i place of any such selected of deceased or resign- pa^and^or to act with such selected of, shall be, and records.

] are hereby authorised to meet and sit from time to time, in i place or places within this kingdom, or in thfe West Indies [continent of South America, as they shall find most convenient*

'ior without adjournment, and to send their precept or pre-under their hands and seals, for any person or persons nsoever, and for such books, papers, writings, or records, bring to any of the matters to be enquired into, examined,

I investigated as aforesaid, in pursance of this act, as shall jf necessary for carrying into execution all the purposes of this ct| all which persons are hereby required and directed punc-sally to attend at such time and times, place and places, as shall \ appointed by such precept or precepts, and to perform, fulfil,

1 obey all such orders and directions as the said edmmis-ers shall make and give in execution of the powers and rides by this act given to them: provided always, 1/hat execution of every such precept issued in the West or continent of South America, shall be confined to island, colony, or plantation, in which the same shall be

X. And, for the rendering more effectual all such examinations as ft intended to be had under this act, be it enacted, That it shall Commission-e lawful for the said of, selected of, ui

jsd other persons, authorised to execute this act, and they and Cub of them are and is hereby authorised and required, to Ctaimiie upon oath, or affirmation of persons being Quakers ifbSch oath or affirmation they, or any one of them, are and ^hereby authorised to administer) all persons whom they shall occasion to call before them to be examined, touching

334

Persons neglecting to attend or to produce accounts, or

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 80. [1806.

all matters and things necessary X for the execution the powers vested in them by this act.

XI. And be it fuipther enacted, That if any person or persons summoned to appear under the powers of this act, dull wilfully neglect or refuse to appear in obedience to such summons or precept, or to bring or produce any such accounts, refuging to be books, papers, writings, or records as aforesaid, that shall be ja sworn, or to her, or their possession, custody, or power, and which he, tions^mT^be s^e> orbey ^ave been required by such summons or pit-committed. cept to produce, or shall refuse to be sworn, or, being Quakers, shall refuse to affirm, or being sworn, or, being Quotas having affirmed, ' shall refuse to answer any lawful question on oath or affirmation, touching or concerning any of the mattei^ aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be dawful for*said of, or any two of them in this kingdom, they are hereby authorised and empowered, to make and ' their warrant or warrants under their hands and seals, for and apprehending any such person or persons, and coi him, her or them to such prison as they shall think fit, there

remain without bail or mainprize, until he, she, or they

ucn

submit to be examined touching and concerning all $u< ters and things necessary for the execution of the powers _ by this act, or to make such productions as aforesaid, as die may be; and if such case shall happen in the Wex InA continent of South America, then and in every such case iH be lawful for the said selected of, or persons pointed under this act, to act with such selected comroisaMl deceased or resigning, or to act with sutfh selected coranaaip ers, or any two of them, to make or cause to be made sumaflj application to any court or courts of justice in any island < place in the West Indies or the continent of South America any such court shall be then sitting, or if no such court then sitting, then to the chief justice or other judge of any ad court; and every such court, or chief justice, or judge respo tively, is hereby authorised and strictly required, on such

cation so made as aforesaid, to issue such special process Jgtfd

the person or persons who shall have been guilty of such as aforesaid, as such court, or chief justice or judge, may necessary, to compel the appearance before such selected-eci* missioners, or persons appointed under this act, to act in the^b* and stead of any selected of, or to act widtlM selected of, as aforesaid, of any such person or J1 sons, or the production of any such accounts, books, pag&b writings, or records, as aforesaid, or to compel such jett or persons to be examined, and to answer any such quetooooift manner aforesaid.

XII. And whereas it is expedient to make provision fir kjgpt persons detained in custody > under civil or criminal process^ fij* examined touching such matters fmd things as are necessfgy

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. p, 80. 33$

txtcutkn of the powers given by this act, be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall be A writ of be lawful for any judges of his Majesty's courts of King's Bench habeas corpug and Common Pleas respectively, or for any baron of his Ma- for brhig-jesty's court of Exchequer of the degree of the coif, at his dis- ing personam cretion, and also for any judge of any island, colony, or custody to be plantation in the West Indies or South America, to award a writ examined, cr writs of habeas corpus, for bringing any prisoner or prisoners detailed in any gaol or prison in that part of the united kingdom Called England, or in any of the said islands, colonies, or plantations, within the jurisdiction of such judge, as the case may be, before the of to be appointed or selected in pursuance hereof, or any two of them, in this kingdom, or ii)r one of them in the said West Indies or South America, to be examined touching the matters and things aforesaid, so always such writs shall be issued and executed only within the ^msdiction of the court whereof the person issuing the same gfball be a judge or a baron.'

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Such commis-Jjjqmmissioners, so to be appointed, shall in no case proceed to 8ione^}^)tA?

final audit, statement, or declaration of any account what- settle- C |prer, but that such of shall and may proceed to the meat of any jppvestigation of all articles forming the charge and discharge of account, but gftysuch account, so examined by them; and that in such cases, Jbeaitkl^0 Sphere they shall find any such articles of charge and discharge forming the #0 have been properly authorised, and duly and regularly charged, charge and ijbcurred, and vouched, they shall and may grant to the ac- discharge of tountant a certificate of allowance for the same, which certi- accunt Locate or certificates, together with the receipts, vouchers, or certifmatea of jOther proper proof of actual expenditure, may be produced by allowance, viuch accountant to the commissioners for auditing the publics which, with Recounts, and may by them, if they think fit, be allowed as ^sufficient vouchers for such articles of charge and discharge in duced^may the account of such accountant, or be further examined into, be allowed by lT$s the case may appear to them to require: provided always, the commis-t.-4at nothitig herein contained shall be construed to prevent the ^ud^e the i lord high treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's accounts as: treasury, or any three or more of them, from directing and a sufficient authorising the said of for auditing the publick discharge, accounts to make, or the said of from making any i allowances to the said accountants, or any of them, by warrant jqpder the hand of the said lord high treasurer or the hands of said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of

XIV. And be it further enacted, ' That all accountants, sub- Accountant# accountants, and other persons, concerned in any accounts, or*01*1*8 in$&y proceedings whatever, that shall \>e enquired into or ex- eKaj^ariou* apqned under this act, shall and they are hereby required to of the com. demean themselves in such manner in all respects, and to do all missionere such matters and things as by the said recited act of the twenty-Aftb year aforesaid, is directed and required in the case of mean them-

336 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 80. [1806.

rectecl by the persons examined before the of appointed under5 3* c. 52. that act, and shall be subject and liable to such pains, penalties,

liable to th? anc* forfeitures, for any breach, non-performance, failure, or same penalties neglect thereof, as by virtue of the said last mentioned act they foranyneg- would have been subject and liable to, in case such accounts lect therein had been under the examination of the of appointed wl!lLTU, d under the said last mentioned act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or

have been under that act,

Perjury.

mitled in the West Indies or America may be tried where committed, or in

persons, in the course of their examination upon oath, or, being Quakers, upon affirmation, before any such of appointed under this act, or any two of them as aforesaid, in Great Britain, or before any such selected of, or either of them, or any person or persons appointed under this act, to act in the place of any such selected commissioner deJ ceased or resigning, or to act with such selected commissions* as aforesaid in the West Indies or on the continent of 5mirfKj America, shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, su<^ person or persons shall be and is and are hereby declared to subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law in being, persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury itt Offences com-subject and liable to in England: provided always, that if a j -1- SUCH 0g*ence^ ar; sing out of proceedings under tins act, shall committed in the West Indies, or on the continent of America, it shall and may be enquired of, tried, and determine^ either in the place where the same shall be committed, or in hijlj. Majesty's court of King's Bench in England, upon an inform* England!t*on to ke exhibited by his Majesty's attorney-general, or a indictment found, in which information or indictment tlfe offence may be laid and charged to have been committed the county of Middlesex; and in case of such prosecution ifc England, the several powers mentioned and contained injf certain act of parliament, made in the forty-second year of Mr, Majesty's reign intituled An act for the trying and punishing % iff Great Britain, persons holding publick employments, for Offencei. committed abroad; and for extending the provisions of an act passed in the twentyfrst year of the reign of King James, made for ease of justices, and others, in pleading in Suits brought against to all persons either in or out of this kingdom authorised to commit h safe custody, relating to the issuing and executing writs of mandamus; and the taking, returning, delivering, receiving and preserving examinations in pursuance thereof, and the aE; lowing and reading such examinations in evidence, and the takidfr copies thereof, and also relating to the examination of witness# upon interrogatories, shall and may be exercised and put in use in the same manner as in cases of prosecution instituted under the authority of the said last mentioned act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said of to be appointed under this act, and the persons $o'assisting them, or so acting in the place of a commissioner dead, or resigning as aforesaid, shall, before they shall enter upon the execution of the power vested in them by this act, take an oath

Commissioners to be sworn.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 80. 337

before the chancellor of the exchequer in Great Britain, or before the governor or commander in chief, or any judge of any of his Majesty's courts in the West Indies or in South America, which the said chancellor of the exchequer, governor, commander in chief, or judge, is hereby severally authorised and

Required to administer; the tenor whereof shall be as followeth;

(that is to ay),

I A.B. do swear, That, according to the best of my skill Oath.

A and knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly exftcute the several powers and trusts vested in me by virtue v

of an act, intituled, [Jure insert the title of this act.]*

'And the said of, or any two of them, shall, and Officers and |ffe hereby authorised to administer to every of the officers and clerks he nrks who shall be appointed to act under them, as before Sworn# rected; and such officers and clerks ^re required, before' they iter upon the execution of their duties under this act, to take following oath:

I A.B. do swear, That, according to the best of my abilities, Oath.

&A I wiU faithfully execute the duties of my office, and be ftedient to the orders I may receive from my lawful superiors.*

P XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Under certain Jfcy of the said of to be appointed under this act, circumstances W any person appointed to assist such of as afore-^recced* md in their examination of any accounts, for any periods pre- unstamped. IKtding the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight -fendred and four, to admit and allow of receipts and vouchers Jbr any monies so expressed therein to have been paid within this kingdom, although such receipts or vouchers shall not have jleen stamped according to law.

jf

XVIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That no Commission-fiommissioner to be appointed by virtue' of this act, who shall; Receive any salary for the execution of his duty as such com- Sgible to^it ttissioner, shall, during his continuance in such office, be capa- in parliament, fee of being elected or of sitting as a member of the hduse of: Commons.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Limitation of SCtKHi shall be brought against any of the said of, acko0*

Mflr any other person or persons whomsoever, for any matter or Jibing whatsoever done or committed qnde* or by virtue or in i ihe execution of this act, unless such action shall be brought Within six calendar months next after the doing or committing of such matter or thing $ or if such matter or thing shall be done in the West Indies or continent of South America, then wiihm six calendar months after the return or coming to inland of the party or parties complaining and complained

provided also, that if any action or suit shall be hereafter Gener^ issue. 0991ifneqd or prosecuted against any person or persons for any miter or thing done under or by virtue or in thp execution of

338 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. Si.

[1806.

this act* such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence \ and if the'plaintiff* shall become, nonsuited, or suffer discontinuance, or

forbear further prosecution, or if judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants, such defendant or defendants Coats. shall recover treble costs, for which he, she, or they, shall have the like remedy as where costs by law are given to defendants.

Duties of customs on importation of thread-lace to cease and determine.

New duties.

puties to be subject to the

admtional

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for better encouraging the manufacture of thread-lace in Great Britain.

[July 12, 1806.]

WHEREAS it would greatly contribute to protect and encourap the manufacture of thread-lace in Great Britain if the*dulia of customs payable on the importat ion of thread-lace were repealed and other duties imposed in lieu thereof; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commonsf in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of August orit thousand eight hundred and six, the duties of customs payable on the importation of thread-lace by an act passed in the forty* third year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act to repeal m duties of customs payable in Great Britain, and Jo grant other dutiet in lieu thereof or by any other act or acts passed subsequent thereto, shall cease and determine, save and except in all easel relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any arrean thereof, which may on the said fifth day of August reman! unpaid, or to any fines, penalties, or forfeitures relating the reto} and from and after the said fifth day of August in lieu ant instead of the duties of customs hereby made to cease and determine, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid untt Ris Majesty, his heirs and uccessors, upon thread-lace of foreign manufacture iriiported and brought into Great Britain, toe duties of customs following 5 that is to say, on all such thread* lace, not exceeding five shillings per yard in value, the sum of one shilling and sixpence per yard; on all such thread-lace of five shillings per yard in value, and under ten shillings per yard, the sum of two shillings and sixpence per yard; on all such I thread-lace of ten shillings per yard in value, and under fifteen ^hillings per yard, the sum of three shillings per yard 5 on all such thread-lace of fifteen shillings per yard m value, and under twenty shillings per yard, the sum of four shillings per yard 5 0 all such thread-lace of twenty shillings per yard in value, an under twenty-five shillings per yard, the sum of five shfffinj per yard 5 on all such thread-lace of twenty-five shilling* p yard in value and upwards, the sum of twenty-five poutah ft every one hundred pounds of the value thereof: provided always that the duties'on thread-lace aboveJ imposed shall be Sttjbject and liable to the several additional duties on the Amount fkerro

grama

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 81, 339

granted by an act passed in the forty-third year of his present granted by

Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty, 43 G. 3. c. 70.

during the presentuary and until the ratification of a definitive

treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain goo'Is, wares, and merchandize, and on the tonnage of ships and vessels in Great Britain; by another act passed in the forty-fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for 44 G. 3. c. 53.

granting to his Majesty, during the present war and for six months after the expiration thereof by the ratification of a definitive treaty

of peacey additional duties on the importation of certain goods, wares,

and merchandize, into Great Britain, and on goods, wares, and

merchandize, brought or carried coastwise within Great Britain;

by another act made in the forty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty 45 G. 3. c. 39*.

additional duties within Great Britain on certain goods, wares, and merchandize imported into, or brought or carried coastwise; and by.Mother act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty, during the present war, 46 G. 3. c. 44. and for six months after the expiration thereof by the rctification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on certain goods,

wares, and merchandize, imported into and exported from, or brought 1; or carried coastwise within Great Britain,

II. And be it further enacted, That the several duties by Duties to be this act imposed shall be ascertained, managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, appropriated, and applied in such

and the like manner, and by the same means, ways, and methods, and subject to the like penalties and forfeitures respectively as the former duties on thread-lace were or might be, by any former act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such thread-lace of Foreign

v foreign manufacture shall, after the same hath been entered at^d-lace the Custom-house, and before it shall be discharged by thetobemar officers and delivered into the custody of the importer or his agent, be marked or sealed at one end of every piece, with such

or seal, and by such officer as the of of the Customs shall direct and appoint for that purpose; and such officer shall in his own hand-writing, together with such mailc or seal, also signify what is the number of yards in such piece, and the rate of the duty of customs paid thereon: provided ^Iways, that no such thread-lace shall be so marked or sealed, Not to be im* nor shall be imported in a packet or parcel containing a* less ported in quantity than twelve yards, unless the same shall be of the value of two pounds per yard or upwards, and unless such as than 12 yards, shall be brought into Great Britain by any person for his or her unless of the own private use, and not for the use of any other person, nor value of 2l.

|p be sold as merchandize; and if anyone or more pieces ofper^ar': tl^d-lace shall be joined or pieced, the whole of the lace so joined or pieced shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized VjJgT fficer of the customs.

lfIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, 'That if it But lace im-ml be proved to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his ported before

_ I.. thp noscino M*

a Q by VjUVmn 1

1 x.*

lers oj uis- -

Majesty's ^P*611*

quantity, 8cc shall not be forfeited.

foreign

thread-lace

346 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. ci 81. [1806.

this act. Majesty's customs, that any foreign thread-lace which shall have though in been imported previously to the passing of this act, and shall have parce s _ paid the duty chargeable thereon by any act or, acts now in force, and shall have the proper marie or stamp affixed thereon denoting the payment of such duty, shall be in pieces or parcels of less quantity than twelve yards, or shall be joined or pieced, such foreign thread-lace shall and may be marked and sealed according to the provisions in this act, and shall not be liable to be forfeited or seized, nor shall the person or persons in whose possession the same shall be found, be subject to any penalty on account of the same being in such quantities or so joined or pieced; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding, t.ncnu-itfwc V. And be it further enacted, That all thread-lace of foreign proved to'have manufacture which shall on the fifth day of August one thousand paid the duty, eight hundred and six be in the possession of any dealer in lace, may have the and which has on it the stamp or mark now required by law to be j^k^uired hereon, and which shall be proved to the satisfaction of the com &c. within* missioners of his Majesty's customs to have paid the duty of 1 one month toms by law payable thereon at the time of importation, shall after the may, Upon being sent to the custom-house within one calern passing of this month after the passing of this act, be marked or sealed at

end of every piece with such mark or seal as aforesaid, and it shall in like manner be signified thereon in writing what is Act number of yards in such piece, and what is the duty of custom! paid thereon.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear upon representation to his Majesty in privy council, that the time hereinbefore limited for stamping or marking such thread-lace of foreign manufacture, is not sufficient to enable the proprietors thereof to have the same marked or stamped, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his

His Majesty may grant further time for marking uch lace.

Payment of duty to be marked OB lace.

privy council, to grant such further time for thaymj^pose as shall be thought proper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall be found1 difficult to ascertain the precise duty which has been paid on any' thread-lace that shall have the proper istamp or mark thereon, i and which shall be taken to the custom-house to be re-stamped1 and re-marked as aforesaid, it may be written thereon, < Duty*, paid before the sixth of August one thousand eight hundred and' six, " in addition to the number of yards contained in each piece.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That any foreign thread-lace^- which at the time of the passing of this act may be in the possession

cu^om-houSn7 dealer or dealers, and which may be without the properstamp wfcbiri i4day8or#mark thereon, shall and may, if taken to the custom-house after passing within fourteen days after the passing of this act, be admitted to* entry, and the proper duties being paid thereon, such thread* lace shall and may be duly stamped and marked, and the number of yards in each piece, and the rate of duty which has been paid on the same, shall Ae marked thereon. Ip

Poreign thread*lace.

this act, shall be properly marked.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 8r. 341

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon oath being made by Two justice* tny credible person or persons, that he, she, or they, has or have ^cranatr reason to suspect or believe that any foreign thread-lace, for J^oath which any duty by this act imposed in respect thereof ought to being made Imre been paid, is or shall be in the custody or possession of any that there is lace-dealer, draper, haberdasher, shopkeeper, or other person or persons for sale, without having the rettyon such mark or stamp as foragulace is by this act required, it shall and may be lawful for any two is to be found justices of the peace from time to time, to issue their warrants or which h^s not orders, thereby authorising and requiring any officer or officers of the customs, or any constable or other officer of the peace, in the day time to search for the same, and to open doors, trunks, chests, boxes, and packages, and to seize such lace, with the packages containing the same, and to carry away the same, and all such foreign thread-lace so found shall be forfeited, and the party or parties in whose possession or custody the same shall be found, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the fifth Foreign day of August one thousand eight hundred and six, all such thread-lace which shall be found in any shop or warehouse, or other may be Seized, dace whatever, upon land within Great Britain, not being

marked or sealed, or having the hand-writing as aforesaid, upon one end of every whole and entire piece, or upon one end of every* remnant of such thread-lace, which remnant shall exceed twelve inches in length, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of the customs j and the person or persons to whom the same shall belong, or who shall be possessed thereof, shall forfeit Penalties, and pay the sum of fifty pounds; and if the value of the thread- t

hce so found unmarked or unsealed, or without the hand-writing as aforesaid, shall exceed the sum of fifty pounds, then the said person or persons shall forfeit and pay double the value of the lace so found unmarked or unsealed, or without the handwriting as aforesaid5 and upon every second conviction before two or more f&tices of the peace for the like offence, the person convicted shall forfeit and pay double the sum forfeited and paid on the first conviction $ and for every third conviction, treble, one moiety of the said penalties to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs as shall sue and prosecute for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Punishingpet* shall at any time fcfrge or counterfeit any mark or seal to resemble sons counter-any mark ox seal which shall be provided and used for the.above kiting marks,] purpose, or shall forge or counterfeit the impression of any such

mark or seal, and shall be thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy 5 and if any person or persons shall sell or expose 

to sale, or have in his, her, or their custody or possession, any such thread-lace, with a counterfeit mark, seal, or hand-writing, knowing the same to be counterfeited* or shall use ojr affix any

suc4

34^ Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 81. [1866.

such mark, seal, or hand-writing, to any other piece or remnant of lace, other than that to which the same was originally affixed, all and every such offender and offenders, and his, her, and their aiders, abettors, and assistants, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of orte hundred pounds, one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the other moiety to the officer or officers of the customs, or other person, who shall sue for the same.

Proof of lace not beinft foreign to iie on the person in possession.

Value of -thread-lace to be ascertained on importation 5

and to be sold only for exportation;

Foreign thread-lace to be imported into the port of London only.

Dealers in thread-lace -to take out licences.

Duties on

to be

unde; the

ere c.r c.'-m-mr sioners of sumps.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any doubt or question shall arise, whether any thread-lace is of foreign manufacture, the proof thereof shall lie on the person or persons in whose possession any such thread-lace shall be found, and not on die prosecutor, ' any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the value of all thread-

lace, of foreign manufacture, shall be ascertained on the importation thereof, according to the rule, manner, and form, directed by an act passed in the forty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to repeal the duties of customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other duties in lieu thereof; and in A case such thread-lace shall not have been valued by the importer*according to its true and real value, it shall be proceeded against \ and dealt with as directed in and by the said act: provided always, that such thread-lace when sold shall be sold only for exportation, and the same shall not be worn or used in this kingdom, but shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of the customs.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no thread-lace of foreign j

manufacture shall be imported or brought, by way of merchandize to be sold, into any port or place in Great Britain, but only into the port of London. -j

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the 'i first day of August one thousand eight hundred and six, every & dealer or dealers in thread-lace of foreign manufacture, shall, 1 annually take out a licence for that purpose, upon which there j shall be charged a stamp duty of three pounds and three shillings; and every dealer or dealers in thread-lace cf British manufacture, shall anually take out a licence for that purpose, upon which there shall be charged a stamp duty of five shillings: provided always, that if any dealer or dealers in thread-lace shall keep more than one house, shop, warehouse, or place, where he, she, or they expose thread-lace to sale, every such dealer shall take out a distinct licence in respect of every such house, shop, warehouse, or place.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said duties of stamps shall be under the government, 'care, and management of the of appointed for managing the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and authorised to employ such officers to allow such salaries and incidental charges, and to provide and use such stamps to denote the said duties, as shall se^m

' by vjV

n*

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 81. 343

to them proper and necessary, and to do all other things respecting the same, as far as they are empowered by any former law or laws concerning stamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Continuance iny two or more of his Majesty's of appointed for ma- 0 lccncei*

naging the duties arising by stamps on vellum, parchment, and i paper, or for any person duly authorised by such of, i or the major part of them, to grant such licences as aforesaid; and every such licence issued between the first day of August and the [first day of September in any year, shall bear date on the second fday of Augustand every such licence issued at any other time f shall bear date the day on which the same shall be issued; and livery such licence shall continue in force from the day of the date

{thereof, until the first day of August then next following.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising Application the stamp-duties granted by this act, shall be paid into the

Is of the receiver-general for the time being of the duttes on

iped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall pay the same, deducting the necessary charges of raising, collecting, and Lilting for the same, into the receipt of his Majesty's exche- at Westminster, at such time and in such manner as other \ on. stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are by law: ed to be paid, and that the money so paid into the said receipt bresaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated I of Great Britain.

XIX. And be it further enacted, 'That if any person or persons Punishing whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be Pern8 fors-brged or counterfeited, any stamp which shall be provided, made, in* ^P8-Mr used, in pursuance of this act, or shall counterfeit or resemble,

ft cause or procure to be counterfeited or resembled, the impression of any such stamp, upon any vellum, parchment, paper, pother material, or the impression of the stamp upon any vellum, pschinent, or pap^r, allowed to be issued, used, or applied, fpder the authority of this act, thereby to defraud his Majesty,

!ms heirs or successors, of the duties by this act charged or imposed on such licences, every such person so offending, being jpi^reof convicted in due form of law, shall he adjudged a felon, fad shall suffer death as a felonA \yithout benefit of dergy." iX. And be it further enacted*T^at, frpni and after the fifth Pe{^ty f? jby of August one thousand eight hundred and six, no person or penonswhinr persons shall sell or expose to sale any thread-lace of foreign or thread-lace.*British manufacture, unless he, she, or they shall respectively be Licensed for that jmrpose in manner before-mentioned, upon pain F<*f forfeiting for every such offence, if a dealer in foreign lace,

[ the sum of fifty pounds; and if a dealer in British lace, the sum '.offive pounds.

XXIr And be it further enacted, That every person or persons Dealeri to, vending or exposing to sell any threadrlace of foreign or British certain.manufacture, and who shall have taken out a licence respectively as ov?r

hereinbefore directed, shall cause the words, (C Dealer in foreign X&t" or SfJittiexin British Lace* as th^ as ^toj^e painted

or

344

Commissioners of the customs may, alter marks.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 81.

[1&06.

or written in large or legible characters, either over die door, or in some visible place on the front of his, her, or their house, shop, or warehouse, being the place where he, she, or they, keep such thread-lace for sale; and if any such dealer shall be a licensed hawker and pedlar, then he, she, or they, shall have such words painted or written on the cart or boxes used for the conveyance or sale of such 1, -ce; and if any person or persons so licensed as aforesaid, shall sell or expose to sale any such thread-lace, without having painted or written such words respectively, as the case may be, every person so offending shall, a dealer in foreign i lace, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds; and if a dealer ini British lace, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That as often as any re*| regulation shall be made by any act of parliament respecting thread-lace of foreign manufacture, it shall and may be lawfij for the commissioners of the customs, and they are hereby an?* thorised and requ^ed to cause an alteration to be made in the mark or seal hereinbefore directed to be affixed to thread-tael of foreign manufacture, 'when entered at the custom-lioui and every dealer in lace who shall, at the expiration of i calendar' month after such alteration, sell or expose to sale, 'have in his or her possession any thread-lace having thereon old mark or seal, such thread-lace shall and maybe seized b;

' officer or officers of the customs, or by any constable or <_

peace officer, by any order under the hand of one or move his Majesty's justices in and for the county* riding, city* place, where the same shall be found; and the person or persons so selling or exposing the same to sale, slnll-be liable the same penalty as if such thread-lace had not been marked*sealed as hereinbefore required: provided always, that if such dealer shall within one calendar monJi after such; ation shall have been made, bring to the custom-house ary thread-lace, having thereon the old mark or seal, such tbi lace shall without any fee or reward be marked or sealed the1 new mark or seal.

Recovery and

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary _ application, which shall be incurred under this act, of a greater sum

fifty pounds, shall be recovered, together with costs of suit^ any of his Majesty's courts of rccoTdat Westminster, by action debt, bill, plaint, or information, therein no essoign, protec -

' privilege, or wager of la^, or mdre thtm one imparlance be allowed; and one moiety of every such penalty or forfc shall belong to hte Majesty, his heirs and successors, and other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall ' or sue for the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give dence before any justice or justices of the peace touching any the matters relative to this act, and shall neglect or renife to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed* without a reasonable excuse for^pdi[ neglect or refusal* to

igii^e y c-'* allowet

of penalties above* 50l.

Penalty on witnesses neglecting to attend.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 81. 343

ftitowed of by such justice or justices of the peace before whom tny complaint or prosecution shall have been made or shall be depending, or appearing, shall neglect or refuse to give evidence touching the matter in question, that then every such person or persons so offending^ shall forfeit for every such offence the sum ti ten pounds, to be recovered, levied, and paid in such manner9 and by such means as are herein directed as to other penalties under fifty pounds, apd shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for the county, riding, or place where the offence shall be committed, for any time not exceeding two ftnoaths, nor less than one month. 1

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Recovery and (pecuniary penalty by this act imposed doth not exceed the sum application of iof fifty pounds, it shall be recoverable before two of his Majesty's

Justices of the peace of the county, riding, shire, division, city, liberty, town, or place wherein the offence shall be committed, son proof of the offence either by voluntary confession of the party or parties accused, or by the oath of one or more credible iritness or witnesses; and one moiety of every such last men-ed penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and succes-, and the other moiety to the informer or informers proofing for the same; and in case of nonpayment, the said jus-: e by warrant under his hand and seal shall cause the same to levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels,

1 the overplus of the money raised, after deducting the penalty [ad the expence of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to # die owner, and shall also commit the offender to the prison of feuch county, shire, division, city, liberty, town, or place, there fto remain until the said penalties, and the reasonable charges of flaking the said distress, shall be levied by such distress and sale ti aforesaid, or unti| the same shall be paid or satisfied by such offender; and it shall be lawful for any such justice of the peace by his warrant to cause such offender to be apprehended sod brought before him to answer to any charge or complaint for any such penalty, and to commit suen offender to prison as aforesaid, until the nearing of such charge or complaint, unless the she shall and do enter into a recognizance before such justice with two sufficient sureties, in a sufficient sum to be'

ordered by such justice, to appear at the hearing of such charge ir complaint.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person Persons not tCommitted to any gaol or house of correction for any offence committed against this act, shall be detained in such gaol or than three^(Wae of correction for any longer space of time than three months.

\ months.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or Appeal persons shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by allowed, the judgement of any such justices, then he, she, or they fUtor may upon entering into a recognizance, with two suf-k fitient sureties to be approved by such justice, to the amount* die value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with a sum

Conviction in form following to be good;

which in the judgement of such justices shall be adequate to the amount of the costs which may be awarded, conditioned to pay the amount of such penalties, forfeitures, apd costs as shall be adjudged in case such judgement shall be affirmed) ] appeal to the justices of the pekee at the next general quarterj Sessions for the county, riding, or place, who are hereby em?

Sowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, andj nally to hear and determine the same, pr at their discretion* to state the facts specially for the determination of his Majesty's } Court of King's Bench thereon; and in case the judgementoH such justices shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful forbad justices, or the court of King's Bench, to award the peteoi or persons to pay such costs, occasioned by such appeal, as t them shall seem meet.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That a conviction i the form or to the effect following, mutatis mutandis, as th case shall happen to be, shall be good and effectual to ail intents and purposes whatsoever, without stating the eviden<| and without alledging more than the substance or the offence, a -all cases wherein any justices of the peace hath power to col vict by virtue of the present act*

frorm.*JgE lt rememkere<* That on &e

day of,

1 in the year of our Lord at in A

County of A.B. came before us C. Z). and /. K. ta

of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, fl siding near the place where the offence herein after mentioned w committed, and informed us, that E. F. of in the ssi

county of [here set forth the fact for which the itformatm

laid]; whereupon the said E. F. being duly summoned to aj swer the said charge, appeared before us, and, having heaj the charge- contained in the said information, acknowledged at voluntarily confessed the facts therein stated to be true; b in his [or, her] defence all edged [here setting forth the subtext of the defence] or, voluntarily confessed the said charge to be true or, did not make any defence against the said charge, wherq uporr the same was fully proved / on the oath of G. H. a cr$ dible witness; or, said that he [or, shej was not guilty of th Said offence, whereupon the same was fully proved on the oal of G. H. a credible witness, [or, as the case shall be]; or, did nf appear before us pursuant to the said summons, but the ssd charge was fully proved, on the oath of G. H. a credit! witness [or, as the case shall be]; and therefore it manifestly af pearing to us, that the said  F. is guilty of the offence chaig? In the said information, we do hereby convict him [or, hex of the said offence, and do adjudge that he [or, she] hath fo& feited the sum of of lawful money of Great Britoi*

to be distributed as the law directs, according to the form of th statute in ouch case made and provided. Given Under our hsadl and-seals the day of j

XXIX

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 82. 347

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no conviction upon Conviction i act shall be removed or removeable by writ cf certiorari, not be re-r otherwise, into his Majesty's court of Kind's Bench, or J^oraru y other court, save upon an appeal as by this act is di-

____And be it further enacted, That if any person or General issue

tons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or pro- Plead-tated for any thing by him or them done or executed in pur-

pee of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein*fcined, such person or persons shall and may plead the ge- issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or if defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the jndant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be-le nonsuited, or judgement shall be recovered against him or b upon demurrer, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall dis-inue his, her, or their action, or be nonprossed therein, then t defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to i or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXXII.

ti for abolishing fees received by certain officers and other persons Mployed in the service of the customs, in the port of London, -i for regulating the attendance of officers and others so employed.

(July 12, 1806.]

WHEREAS various officers and other persons in the service of hh Majestf s customs, in the port of London, employed in domination and delivery of goods and merchandize imported.

Wed, or brought or carried coastwise into or from the said port, fk*g been in the practice of receiving fees and gratuities for trouble in the execution of their official duties; and whereas great mnience arises therefrom, and also from the number of holidays jtf the custom-house in the said port, for which remedies should rmded: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excel-; majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Inal and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and No fee or gra* f the tenth day of October one thousand, eight hundred and tu^7 be fee, perquisite, gratuity or reward, whether pecuniary or ^!n ^fficcra" ry other sort or description whatever, shall be required, and persons f, or received by any officer, clerk, or other person, ex- employed in or performing, or assisting in the execution or per- the service: e of any of the duties, or acting in any of the offices Or n the port of* nents in or belonging to his Majesty's customs in the London, of London, enumerated or described in the table to this act: e4, marked (A.) for any service, act, duty, matter, or j done or performed, or to be done or performed, by any either of such officer or officers, clerk or clerks, or other or persons, on account of or relating to any such office or ment, except as herein after is provided; and all such if Clerks, and other persons respectively, shall] cf$ro the

allowances

said tenth day of October receive such annual salaries, orotl allowances, as the lords of of his Majesty's trwa for the time being, or any three or more of them, shalTdeenil be reasonable, for the labour and troubled executing the dtf* of such respective offices or employments; and if any such off Any officer or clerk, or other person shall, at any time, after the said t person re- day of October, require, take, or receive any fee, perquisite, d or gr^uity to orewarc^ whether pecuniary or of any other sort or be dismisid scription whatever, except as herein after is provided, either for the first rectly or indirectly, on account of, or relating to any sucho offence. or employment, or for any service, act, duty, matter, or d done or performed, or to be done or performed therein, adihd the same shall be freely offered or given, every such oil Clerk, or other person so offending shall, on proof thereof ft satisfaction of the commissioners of his Majesty's custon England, or any four or more of them, be for the first ol peremptorily dismissed from his office or employment, at Tendered incapable of ever again holding, or executing, oi ing in any office or employment in the service of his Maj< customs, or excise.

Nottoprevent

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such officer* this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extet. from^receiving Preven* any officer or other person holding or exercising, a their shares 6 ing in or performing the duties of any of the said offices ft of seizures, ployments, from receiving such reward or satisfaction for i penalties, and account of any detention, seizure, or forfeiture of any g or Tn^allow- wares> or merchandize, or any penalty, or share of penah'ance or re- composition, which, under any la^ now in force, or hereaf ward from the be passed in relation to the duties of customs, he is or m erown. legally entitled to; or to prevent any such officer, clerk, orp from receiving any allowance, gratuity or, reward, whit lords of of his Majesty's treasury, or anytft more of them, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's etf in England, or any four or more of them, may think direct. 1

III. Andy in order that proper Compensation may be to any officer, cirri, or other person who may sustain loss \ abolition of fees directed by this act, be it enacted, That it Cotnpensa- be lawful for the lords of of his Majesty's ttd tion to be for the time being, or any three or more of them, in cases M made to those on due examination and enquiry, it shall be made appear to officers and that tke saiafles or allowances hereby directed to be paid' ficers, clerks, and other persons, as a reward'for their! in future, in the execution of the duty of their respective ft or employments, may not amount to so much as it mig jut and reasonable to allow to the present possessors of offices or employments, by way of compensation for the M fees formerly received by them respectively, to order sudSl ther allowance as the said lords of shall dee and reasonable to be paid to any such officer, cleric; of person; such further allowance to commence from id aftei

persons who may suffer by the abolition of fees.

349

Landing waiters to make out and deliver to merchants certain accounts of goods imported.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 82

ijl tenth day of October, and to continue only during the time yiuch officer, clerk, or other person, shall hold any such office employment.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the i tenth <Jay of October, every landing-waiter, or other proper cer of the customs employed in the examination of goods HTtedinto the port of London, is hereby required to make out deliver, without delay, to the importer, proprietor, or conjee of any goods or merchandize of the' growth or produce of West Irtdies, imported into the said port, a correct account, ract$d from the official books, of the weight, tale, gauge, or teats of all such goods or merchandize, in the manner etofore practised, in case he shall be called upon so to do, without requiring, taking, or receiving any fee, perquisite, taity, or reward, whether pecuniary or otherwise, for the le, on pain of dismission, as by this act is directed in other n respecting fees.

And be it further enacted, That every person who shall. Oath to be the said tenth day of October, be appointed to any of the*or employments enumerated or described'in the Table to thdradmiflk ct annexed, marked (A.) shall, at their respective admis- sion to any of thereto, instead of the oath prescribed by an act passed in the offices or ixth and seventh years of the reign of King William and

Mary, take the following oath $ that is to say, Table (A.)*1

A.B. do swear to be true and faithful in the execution, to the best of my knowledge and power, of the trust commit-to my charge and inspection in the service of his Majesty's toms, and that I will not require, take, or receive any fee, quisite, gratuity or reward, whether pecuniary or or any ersort or description whatever, either directly or indirectly, for service, act, duty, matter, or thing done or performed, or to be e or performed in the execution or discharge of any of the fes ot my office or employment, on any account whatever, than by salary, and what is or shall be allowed me by law.

So help me GOD.*

Jl. And be it further enacted, That from and after the fifth ^holidys^ of January one thousand eight hundred and seven, no holi- whatever shall be permitted or allowed to be observed and house in the " at the custom-house in the port of London, or by any port of Lon-tctt, clerk, or other person belonging to or employed in the don, ccept trice of his Majesty's customs in the said port, except Christ-u-Day and Good-Friday in every, year, and any days which all be appointed by his Majesty's proclamation for the prpoie of a general fast or thanksgiving, and also the anni-enaries of the restoration of his majesty King Charles the econd, and of the coronation of his Majesty, and the birth-ys of their Majesties and of his royal highness the Prince of jfa; but that all business of the custom-house, and relating the fereuue of customs within the said port otX&prf* shall

35

Hours of attendance for i officers and persons employed in the

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 8a.

[1806.

be carried on and performed on every day thfdughout the yeai except on / Sundays, and the days before excepted; any hi'custom, 01^ usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

A* h? i

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tb of attendance8 nothhig in this act' contained shall extend, or be construed of the revenue extend, to vary or alter any of the days or hours appointed, i officers at the to be appointed, for the attendance of the officers of his S do^s"1^ jesty's revenue at the West India docks, London docks, or El prevent the^ia ^oc^s> m Port of London; or to restrain or prevent t commission- of of the customs in England, from granting lei ers from of absence for Such reasonable period, and in such manner

oFabsence^6*> to any fficer> clerk, or other person el

o a sence. pi0yej in the service of his Majesty's customs in England.

VIII. And whereas it is expedient for the accommodation of tn and for the better managepient of the revenue of customs, that hours during which the officers, clerks, and other persons, employ the service of the customs in the port of London, are require* law to attend the duties of their respective offices and emplcym should be altered and regulated; be it therefore enactedJ4That, n and after the tenth day of October, the several officers and q persons executing or performing, or assisting in the execi or performance of any of the duties, or acting in any offis

service>f the employment in or belonging to his Majesty's customs in port^fSI^r^e Port London, shall, and they are hereby required, un don, altered prevented by sickness or other unavoidable cause, which and regulated, be made appear to the satisfaction of the of 0^ Majesty's customs in England, duly and regularly to atten the respective offices or places where their duty is or shal directed to be executed and performed, during such hours, at such times, as are particularly mentioned in the table & i^nto annexed, marked (B.) on every day in the year, exceg Sundays, and on the other days before excepted in this; and that during the said hours and times there shall be intermission or cessation of business on any account or tence whatever; any law, custom, or usage to the com notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, 'That nothing in this act contained^ in the table hereunto annexed, marked (B.) shall extend, or construed to extend to prevent or hinder the commissioned the customs in England from directing and enforcing the tendance of any officer, clerk, or other person, employed in

F service of his Majesty's customs in the port of London, at person em- . js r

ployed under time and at any place, when on any particular emergency, them, at any publick service snail so require; or from directing or ensor ttat the the attendance of any qlerk whatever, or of any officer or 0 h^lreq^re?Person so employed in the service of the customs necer *daily pay, or of any officer or other person so employed on

water-guard, at such hours and times as the said commissia shall think fit and requisite, for the proper discharged official duties of any such officer, clerk, or other person,

X. Provided always ^n^rther enacted* Thafc noth

Commissioners of the customs may direct and enforce the attendance of

Persons au-arised to

i this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impel the personal attendance of any person or persons who: e now authorised to execute the duties of their respective of-es or employments in the service of the customs in the port London, dv sufficient deputy or deputies.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this act may be varied, jtered, or repealed by any act or acts to be made in this present B$ion of parliament.

S51

execute the duties of theif offices by deputy, not to be compelled to attend.

Act may be altered in this session.

TABLES to which this Act refers.

Table (A.)

illST of Offices and Employments in his Majesty's Customs in the Port of London, the Officers, Clerks, and other Perms appointed to execute and discharge any of the Duties iereof respectively, or acting the rein, are by the Act to hich this Table is annexed prohibited, on pain of dismis-bn, from requiring, taking, or receiving any Fee, Perquisitef Jiatuity, or Reward, on any Account whatever.

INWARDS: ,

Biding surveyors.

Bpttty King's waiters.

Ring King's waiters.

mding waiters of every description, and persons acting at landing waiters, iugers.

easurers of timber, rqners.

neyor of the Ring's warehouse.

ristants to the surveyor of the King's warehouse.

arehouse-keeper under the collector inwards.

Warehouse-keeper for the crown.

Beer for stamping silk, crape, laces, &c. kreyor of the East India warehouses, instant surveyor of the East India warehouses, toector of the delivery of all unrated East India goods.

Instants to the inspector of the delivery of all unrated East India goods.

*q*3r of the warehouse-keepers books and accounts of prohibited East India goods, bntroller of the lockers of the China-warehouse. arehouse-keOpers of every description, trotters on warehouse-keepers of every description.

of the cheque, iters of the weighers.

bf' ettrj ^description, and persons acting as lockers.

Weighing

35*

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 82. [1806.

Weighing porters and weighers of every description, and persons acting as weighing porters and weighers.

Noon tenders.

Supervisor of the watchmen.

Assistant to the supervisor of the watchmen*

Watchmen of every description, and persons acting as watch* men.

Coopers.

Husbands for taking up and receiving all goods consigned fron^ his Majesty's plantations on account of the four and! a half per centum duty.

Assistant to the husband.

Controller on the husband*

Surveyor for buildings.

Inspector of burning damaged tobacco, and warehouse-keepa at the burning kiln.

Waiter and searcher at BlackwalJ.

OUTWARDS:

Chief patent searcher.

Under patent searchers.

Surveyors of the searchers.

Searcners of every description, and persons acting as scare

COASTWISE.

Surveyor of the coast-waiters.

Coast-waiters of every description, and persons acting as < waiters.

Supervisor of the coal-meters.

Coal meters.

WATER-GUARD.

Inspectors of the river of every description, and persons as inspectors of the river.

Tide-surveyors of every description, and persons acting as 1 surveyers.

Register for the tide-waiters.

Superintendant of the tide-waiters employed as piazza men. j Tide-waiters of every description, and persons acting as torn waiters. 2

Register for the watermen. 2

Watermen of every description, and persons acting as watermen Surveyor for the building and repairing sloops and boats. Assistant surveyor for the building and repairing sloops am boats.

Surveyor for the act of navigation.

Gate-keepers and messengers employed in any of the offices d employments enumerated or described in this Table, officers, clerks, and other persons employed ia or the West India or London Docks, ' or any of the quays, warehouses, offices, or places belongiuyg c

All

V

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 8a,

All clerks and persons of every description, employed either constantly or occasionally in or about any of the offices or employments enumerated or described in this table, or in any way acting or assisting in the execution or discharge of any of the duties or business thereof.

See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

t -

Tabic (B.)

A TABLE of the Hours and Times of Attendance to be observed by Officers and other Persons employed in the Service.of his Majesty's Customs, in the Port of London.

f The several officers, clerks, and other\ persons employed in ithe execution or discharge of the duties of any of the offices or [employments particularly enumerated or described in this Table,1 attend at their respective offices or places appointed or ter appointed for that purpose, from the tenth day of Novem-r to the ninth day of May both inelusive, in every year, from i hour of nine in every morning to the hour of four in every noon, and from the tenth day of May to the ninth day of jkvember both inelusive, in every year, from the hour of eight i every morning to the hour of four in every afternoon. Sun-yap and the days appointed to be kept as holidays by the Act to Much this Table is annexed, excepted, videlicet,

INWARDS.

landing surveyors, eputy King's waiters, ting King's waiters.

lding waiters of every description, and persons acting as landing waiters, iaugers.

Surveyor of the King's warehouse, his assistants, and every officer or other person employed in or about the King's warehouse.

Warehouse-keepers of every description, itrollers on warehouse-keepers of every description, reyor of the East India warehouses, inspector of the.delivery of all unrated East India' goods, and all other officers and persons employed in or about any of the warehouses wherein East India goods are or may be deposited and secured.

Husband for taking up and receiving all goods consigned from r*his Majesty's plantations on account of the four and

ba half per centum duty, and his assistant. oUer on the husband, of the cheque. i % fXHntm of weighers.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c 83, [1806.

OUTWARDS.

Surveyors of the searchers.

Searchers of every description, and persons acting as searchers*

COASTWISE.

Surveyor of the coast-waiters.

Coast-waiters of every description, and persons acting as coast-waiters.

Money relived by

ceirea by redyer-general

qjyrer-j

WATER-GUARD.

Register for the tide-waiters.

Register for the watermen.

Gate-keepers and messengers employed in arty of the offices or employments mentioned in this Table.

All officers, clerks, and other persons employed in or about the West India or London docks, or any of the wharfs, quap warehouses, offices, or places belonging thereto.

All other officers, clerks, and persons employed in the of his Majesty's customs in the port of London, whether pointed by the lords of of his Majesty's treasi by the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England, by deputation, or other instrument or authority of any pat< or other officer or person whatever, shall attend at the st offices or places appointed, or to be appointed for the ext_ tion and discharge of their respective duties on every day 11 the year, from the hour of ten in every morning until hour of three in every afternoon, Sundays, and the days pointed to be kept as holidays, by the Act to which this Ti is annexed, excepted.

For the attendance of officers and other persons at any when the publick service shall so require, and for the at ance of clerks and of officers and persons receiving daily pay, \ employed on/the water-guard, see the Act to which this Table] annexed.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act<sgt for the better regulation of the office of receiver-general of t post office in England.

[July 12, 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that regulations should be este by law in the post office^that all monies, bills, and received on account of the revenue under the management of the ral post office, should be lodged in the bank of England, and that payments previous to its being carried into the Exchequer should i made by drafts on the Bank; be it therefore enacted by the King most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consenr a the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this preoooo* parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Tbtfc from and after the fifth day of July one thousand eight honored

and

1806.] Anno o regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 83..355

and six, all sums of money, bills, and drafts, received by the of the post-receiver-general of the post office, on account of the revenue him*

under the management of the general post office, shall, the day into the Bank, after the same shall have been received, or the day after any bill shall have been accepted (if the same was not accepted at the time it was received by the receiver-general) be paid by him. into the hands of the governor and company of the bank of England, for which the receipt of the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company shall be a sufficient discharge; and all such monies, bills, and drafts so to be paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, shall be placed to an account to be raised in the books of the said governor and company, and to '

be intituled, The account of the public monies of the receiver-general of the post office, inserting the name of such receiver-general for the time being.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That Receiver ge-it shall be lawful for the receiver-general of the post office from ne.ral time to time to retain in his hands, out of the monies received form

bjr him as such receiver-general, such sums of money, not mentsnot ex-exceeding the sum of three hundred pounds in each week (unless ceeding 300l. any larger sum shall be allowed to be retained with the permis- P* week, lion in writing of any three or more of the lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury) as the postmaster-general shall from time to time direct for the making of payments of tradesmen's bills, and casual and ordinary and small disbursements.

in. And be it further enacted, That the governor and com- Bank to enter jwnv of the bank of England, or some person duly authorised in that behalf, shall daily upon receiving any money, bills, or drafts from the receiver-general of the post office, make an turned to the entry of the money, bills, and drafts so received, in a book to post office for be provided and sent for that purpose by the receiver-general tj^f^counU f the post office, which shall be forthwith returned to the post- ant-general, bffice, and inspected daily after its return by the accountant-general of the post office, or his deputy, who shall compare the same with the book kept by such accountant-general, for the purpose of seeing that die receiver-general constantly pays into the Bank all the money, bills, and drafts, which he ought to do under the provisions of this act; and any default which uch accountant-general or his deputy may discover in that behalf, shall be immediately reported to the postmaster-general. 1

IV. And be it further enacted, That the weekly payments Money to be into the Exchequer of the monies arising by the duties under Paid into the the management of the post office pursuant to law, shall be ^5p?uer made in manner following; (that is to say) the said receiver-general shall make an otder upon the governor and company of the bank of England, to write off from his account the sum desired, which order shall be countersigned by the accountant-general of the post office or his deputy, and the said governor and company or some person duly authorised in that behalf, shall upon receipt of such order writ? off such sum and deliver

AA2 by gpfod

Other payments to be

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 83.[1806.

a spoiled or cancelled note for the amount to the receiver-general or his clerk, who shall pay the same into the Exchequer 5 and the bank clerks attending the re shall receive the same as so much cash.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said receiver-general shall make all other payments required to be made out of the wTthe Bank/ mon*es to deposited in the bank of England by drafts on the said Bank, which drafts shall be countersigned by the accountant-general of the post office, or his deputy, and shall specify the particular service, salary, or other charge or expence, for the payment whereof the said draft was given; and every such draft shall also have marked in the margin thereof a figure corresponding to the page in a book to be kept by the said receiver-general, wherein entry shall be made of the particular service, salary, or other charge or expence, for the pay-j ment of which such draft shall be given.

Drafts a suf-

VI. And be it further enacted, That all drafts drawn pur< ficient autho- suant to any of the directions of this act, but not otherwise

rity to the Bank.

On death or remoyal of the receiver-

shall be sufficient authority to the bank of England to pay amount thereof to the persons mentioned in such drafts, or i the bearer of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon the death, rea nation, or removal of the present an4 of every other yecein general of the post office hereafter to be appointed, the balam

in his successor.

falance in the of cash for which he shall at that time have credit on hi*  Bank to vest count as receiver-general with the governor and company* the bank of England, shall, as soon as a successor shall be; pointed to the said office, actually vest in such successor in tt for the service of the public, and be forthwith trai/sferred, a tied over, and placed to the account of such successor, to applied to the said service in pursuance of the like drafts; orders as aforesaid; and the receiver-general for the time be^ shall and he fs hereby directed and required to issue his dr^( and orders as aforesaid for all unsatisfied charges and deman on account of the publick services, although the same shall ha accrued in the time of any former receiver-general.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after I fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and six, f receiver-general of the post office for the time being, shall ke the account with the Bank of all monies issued on his acco^ for the service of the publick; and the said receiver-gene! observing the rules and regulations hereby prescribed, snafl 1 be answerable for any money which he shall have so paid 1n the bank of England; and the governor and company of t bank of England shall be answerable for all the monies whi shall be actually received by them as aforesaid from the receiv general of the post office.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or peraoj shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause \ procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and fully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting the name or h?n

1 wiling

( )^lC

Receiver-general to keep account.

Punishing

forgery.

357

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 84.

writing of the receiver-general of the post office for the time being, or his clerk, to any draft, instrument, or writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the money in the hands or custody of the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the receiver-general of the post office, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any draft, instrument, or writing, in form of a draft made by such receiver-general or his ' deputy, or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the saroe to be forged or counterfeited, with an intention to defraud any person whomsoever, or any corporation, every such person or i persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be ', and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty'of 1 felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

X. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered. Act may be Varied, or repealed by any act to be made in this present session altefr<* this parliament. 6"'

CAP. LXXXIV.

an act to grant certain allowances out of the duties, under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of faxes> to persons in respect of the number of their children.

[July 12, 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to grant an allowance, out of the duties charged by an act passed in the forty-third year of the feign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the 4, G. 3. C. 161. kveral duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and granting new duties in lieu thereof$ for panting new duties in certain cases therein mentioned \ for repealing the duties of eicise on licences, and on carriages constructed )sj coachmakers, and granting new duties thereon uridef the management of the said of for the affairs of taxes; fed also new duties on persons selling carriages by auction, or 6n commission 3 and out of the duties granted by an act made in tht 'kst session of parliament^ intituled An act for grariting to his 45 G. 3. c. 13. Majesty additional duties in Great Britain on. horses used in riding, or for drawing certain carriages, and for consolidating jthe said additional duties with the present duties thereon; and min out of the duties granted by an act of this session of parliament, for granting to his Majesty an additional duty On the amount of the duties under the management of the commissioners for the Affairs of 1 taxes therein mentioned^ to persons having more than two children to maintain; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty,

L by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and ^yjowance8 l by the authority of the same, That every person having more than out Of^agf. l two children born in lawful wedlock, and bond side maintained sessed duties at the expence of such person, shall for every such child above under recited

two be entitled to an allowance after the rate of four pounds

r sons having

pr centum on the amount of all the assessments on such person more t^an

by two childre

Children by a former mar-

Allowance not to be granted for a child chargeable to duties.

Commissioners under recited acts to grant allowances.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 84. [1806.

by virtue of the said recited acts, in case the total amount of all the said assessments shall be under forty pounds, in any one year; which allowance shall be made annually out of the duties so charged, at any time in the year of assessment, on delivery of a declaration in writing, containing the whole number of such children, and their respective names and places of residence, and which of them are of the family, or reside elsewhere.

II. And be it further enacted, That the children by any former marriage either of the husband or wife, or of the husband

to allowance or w^e deceased, shall equally entitle the husband or wife, or ' ' surviving husband or wife maintaining such children, to the benefit of such allowances as his or her own children.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said allowances shall not be granted in respect of any child who shall personally be charged to any of the said duties, 01 who shall be a householder.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the respective commissioners acting % in the execution of the said acts, shall and ares hereby empowered to grant the said allowances in their respect tive districts, an4 therein to use, practise, and apply all and: every the powers and authorities of the said first mentioned act* and all the powers and provisions of the said act shall in the execution of this act be severally applied and construed in thi like manner as if the said powers and provisions were severally and specially enacted in this act; and all and every the prow-sions of this act shall in the execution of the said first mentioned act, be severally and respectively construed in like manner as if the same provisions severally formed a part of the said act] and were specially enacted therein; and the said allowances! shall be ascertained and allowed in the same manner as any rate; or duty may be ascertained and charged by the said first mentioned act.

Persons claim- V. And be it further enacted, That every person intending ing allow- to claim such allowance shall cause the whole number of his or hUheturn^6 ^er servants> carriages, horses, mules, and dogs, and other arti* cles chargeable on him or her under the said acts, and of which, a return is required by the said first mentioned act, to be return^, ed in the parish or place where such claim shall be to be made 3: and if such person or persons shall have two or more dwelling*] houses situate in different parishes or places, then and in $uc& case the amount or amounts of duty charged in respect of any such dwelling-house or dwelling-houses situate elsewhere thaa' where such claim shall be to be made, shall be certified by and i under the hands of two of respectively acting for the parish or parishes, place or places where such other dwelling* house or dwelling-houses are situate; and no allowance shall be granted on the amount of any duty not; charged in the assess*-ment of the parish or place where such claim is made, except the duties charged in respect to such |lwellin^-house or dwelling* houses situate elsewhere th^n in such parish or place which shall

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 84.

shall have been certified in manner before directed, nor shall any such allowance be granted unless #the person claiming the same shall deliver at the tjme of making such claim a declaration in writing to the assessor or assessors of the parish or place where suth claim is to be made, declaring the parish or place, and the several parishes and places, and county, riding, division, or counties, ridings, or divisions in which his or her dwelling-house or dwelling-houses are situate.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every person claiming such allowance shall deliver or cause to be delivered, to the assessor of assessor's of the parish or place where such claim shall be made for the present year, on or before the thirtieth day of August one thousand eight hundred and six, and for every subsequent year within the time When the assessors are required to prepare and deliver their certificates of assessment under the said first mentioned act, a declaration or declarations in writing to the effect before mentioned; to all which declarations any inspector or surveyor acting in the execution of this act shall have access, to take copies of or extracts from, under the like powers as in cases of returns made under the said act; and in every case where the inspector, surveyor, or assessor shall not object to such declaration before all the appeals for that year are determined, it shall be lawful for the of to grant such allowances on the amount of the duties charged in the assessments for that year, in the parish or place where such claim shall be made, adding thereto the amount of any duties charged for the same year on the claimants in respect of any dwelling-house or dwelling-houses inhabited by such claimant, and not situate in the district of the said of, the amount whereof shall have been certified to them as aforesaid; but in case the inspector, surveyor, or assessor shall object to such claims, giving notice thereof in writing to the respective claimants, then the merits thereof shall be heard upon appeal before the said of, subject to such rules, regulations, and penalties, as appeals under the said first mentioned act are directed to be heard and determined.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall make any such claim without declaring or causing to be declared in manner before directed the full amount of all the duties chargeable on him, her, or them under the said acts, or shall be guilty of any fraud or contrivance whatever in making such claim, or in obtaining such allowance, or shall deliver any declaration which shall be false, with intent to obtain the said allowance contrary to this act, or not granted thereby, or shall fraudulently cause to be certified any amount of duty not Actually charged on him or her, or shall make a second claim for the same cause, he, she, or they so offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as any penalty for offences against the said acts may be recovered and applied.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the amount of every

allowance

359'

Claimants to deliver in declaration.

Punishing persons for acting fraudulently.

Amount of allowances to

360 'Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 85. [1806.

be set down in allowance do granted shall be set down in figures, and rentein cm assessment0^ t^ie certificate of assessment for the parish or place where such claim is made, under the head of allowances for children, " and the whole of such allowance shall be granted out of the duties charged in the said parish or place, by deducting the sums allowed from the amount of duty there charged; and the sum to be paid, after deducting the whole of the said allowance, shall be set down as the net duty to be paid by such claimant in the j said parish or place, and the duplicate thereof to be delivered j 1 to the collector shall be made or amended in such manneT so th*}

the net duty only, after deducting such allowance, may remain to be paid on the said assessment.

Separate ac-

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a sepa-fowance to beTate aCcoun* keept allowances made under this act* made and a anc* that a sum eclualto the total amount thereof shall be paidintt sum equal to the receipt of the consolidated fund at the Exchequer, out ofanj the amount monies arising under an act of the present session of parliament

int^the coif hauled, An act for granting to his Majesty, during the preid solidated vuar, and until the sixth day of April next after the ratification*

fund* a definitive treaty of peace, further additional rates and duties

Great Britain, on the rates and duties on profits arising from proper* prosessions, trades, and offices; and for repealing an act passed ini jorty fifth year of his present Majesty, for repealing certain parts an act made in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for grdk ing a contribution on the profits arising from property, prefessiei trades, and offices; and to consolidate and render more effectual ( provisions for collecting the said duties; for the year within whi such allowances were made.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for reviving and continuing until the twenty fifth dag March one thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an act made in I forty-third year of his present Majesty, for regulating the nuuA in which the United Company of Merchants of England trading the East Indies shall hire and take up ships for their regJ service.

[July 12, 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient theft an act made in thefortyAm

__year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act 1

explain and amend an act passed in the thirty^ninth year of ft present Majesty's reign, intituled, ' An act for regulating & manner in which the United Company of Merchants of Enfi* trading to the East Indies shall hire and take up ships for the regular service, to continue until the twenty-fifth day of Mari one thousand eight hundred and six/ should be revived and ccd tinued; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent roa jesty, by and with the advice and consent of tire lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assem bled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and afta Smtinued the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred till March5, six, the said act shal) be revived, and the same is Jierety ferW ||3*

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 86. 87. 361

and shall be and continue in force from and immediately after the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and thirteen.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for enabling his Majesty to grant the castle of Norwich with the common gaol, castle hill, and certain land adjacent thereto, in the county of Norfolk, and for vesting the same in his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, for the use thereof; and for other purposes relating thereto.

[July 12, 1806.]

CAP. LXXXVII.

iJn act more effectually to regulate the collection of the duties on 1 goods, wares, and merchandize imported or exported into or from'Ireland; and the payment of bounties, allowances, and drawbacks \ thereon.

[July 12, 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the several laws now in force for regulating the collection of the duties on

rods, wares, cud merchandize imported or exported into or from Ireland, and the payment of bounties, allowances, and drawbacks there-

an, and to provide for the greater ease and convenience of persons

mgaged in or carrying on trade, and for preventing frauds in the

I tollection of the said duties and in the payment of the said draW-

Hacts, allowances, and bounties; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this preserit

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Goods im-

from and after the commencement of this act, all goods, wares, ported or ex-

1 and merchandize whatever, which shall be unshipped or shipped

kff at any time before due entry shall be made of the same, with may be seized,

Itlie proper officer of the customs, or warrant or licence had and

obtained from such officer, shall be forfeited, and may be

Seized.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such entry shall con- Entry shall tain the following particulars in figures and words at length j and

that is to say, the several and respective numbers of the packages, marks Of casks, or vessels in which the goods mentioned in any such entry packages, are contained, with a particular description of suen packages, and the con-casks, or vessels, and of the name by which such packages, tent casks, or vessels respectively are usually called and known, and oiTrenalty^f* a representation of the several marks on each sufch package, cask, forfeiture, or vessel, together with a particular account, specifying the denomination and description of the contents of each such package, cask, or vessel 5 and if the package, cask, or vessel in which any goods or merchandize mentioned in such entry shall be contained, be not described in the manner herein directed, or if she goods contained in each particular package, cask, or ve$- '

sd, shall not agree with the account of the contents of such

package, cask, or vessel, such goods and merchandize, together r* byisnngK with,

362 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. [1806.

with the package, cask, or vessel in which the same shall be contained, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

On seizures

III. And be it further enacted, That if any goods, wares, or proof ofeDtr^ merc^an^ze shall be seized as being entered in the name of any p other t\m the true owner and proprietor of the same, then

ownership shall lie on the persons claiming.

and in such case the proof that such goods, wares, or merchan* dize were entered in the name of the true owner or proprietor thereof, shall lie on the person who shall claim such goods, ware*, ? and merchandize, and it shall not lie on the officer or officerw who shall seize the same, to prove that such goods, wares, merchandize, were entered in the name of any other than thi true owner and proprietor thereof. s 1

IV. s}nd whereas persons importing into Ireland the frflowin goods and merchandize; that is to say, spirits, wines y hops, sugm cojfeey salty lemons, oranges, and timbery have been sometimes fee mitted to make a prime entry of such goods and merchandizey as cm taming a less quantity than they really contain, on account of their A being able exactly to ascertain the quantities thereof, and oftervsari to make ts post entry of the quantities deficient in such prime entry; h it enacted, That in all such cases such post entry shall be mad within seven days after the weight, quantity, quality, and con tents of such goods, wares, and merchandize shall be respectively ascertained by the proper officer, or in default thereof d person neglecting to make such post entry shall forfeit the sum i fifty pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That all goods, wares, U

merchandize not entered, mentioned, or set forth in the inron of any ship or vessel, and found on board such ship or vesa after twenty-four hours from the time of such invoice being made shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any master or coni mamler of any ship, vessel, or boat, appointed or employed orii narily by his Majesty's postmasters-general in Great Britain a Ireland, for the carriage of letters and packets, shall, withd

the licence of the commissioners of customs and port-duties k

and ^forfeiture previously obtained, knowingly import or export, a

of goods, &e. cause> permit, or suffer to be imported or exported in such ship, vessel, or boat, any goods, wares, or merchandize subject duty, such master or commander shall forfeit the sum of'hundred pounds, together with the value of such goods

merchandize so imported or exported, and all such g and merchandize so imported shall be forfeited, and may Id, ., seized.]

S AallMv V*1* And be it further enacted, That all goods, wares, ai

Pdst entries shall be made within sev<*n days, on penalty of 50l.

Goods not mentioned in invoices forfeited.

Packet-boats shall not import nor export goods subject to duty; on pe-

customs or^be merchandize which shall be saved out of any ship or vessel that^ re-shipped under direction of of of customs with direction of Treasury.

shall happen to be forced on shore or stranaed on the coast oH Ireland, not being wrecked goods, Jet sow y Flotsamy or Lagath! shall be entered with the proper officer as if the said goods wen. regularly imported, and after charges of salvage and other charges paid shall be subject to the payment of the like duties, and me owners be entitled to the like drawbacks on exportation, and the like allowances and abatements as such goods, wares, and merchandize

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. 363

chandize would be liable unto, or the owners be entitled to have, in case the same were regularly imported: provided always that if any ship or vessel shall be so forced on shore or stranded, at aHjr port or place in Ireland, to which such ship or vessel was vot bound, it shall and may be lawful for the of of customs and port-duties to order and direct that any goods, wares, and merchandize which w6re on board such ship or vessel, may be re-shipped or transhipped into the said ship or intony other ship or vessel, without the payment of any duties or fees thereon, after payment of salvage, and all other charges of Reserving and re-shipping or transhipping the same, under such pies, regulations, and restrictions, and subject to such condi-jjpns as such of shall require, by and with the appro-totkm or direction of the commissioners for executing the offiee Slord high treasurer of Ireland.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be wful for any officer of customs to open and examine ail goods, may be feres, and merchandize imported, subject to duty ad valorem^ examined bj d if upon such examination it shall appear that the value sworn for affirmed on the entry thereof, is less than the true value, with nS^per Kept in the case of statues <md paintings) it shall and may cent, paid to lawful for such officer to detain such goods, wares, and mer- the merchant iodize, and to cause the same to be conveyed into any of his ^or 8ame* liestyV warehouses, and it shall and may be lawful for the id of of customs and port-duties, and they are here-\ empowered to direct the collector of the port where such pds, wares, or merchandize may have been entered, to pay out any money in his hands to the proprietor of such goods, wares, merchandize, or to the person making any such entry, the due of such goods, wares, and merchandize, as sworn to or inned on the entry thereof, together with an addition of ten nods per centum thereon, and also the duties paid on such lods, but without any further allowance- whatsoever, which ijment the said of of customs and port duties are reby directed to cause to be made within thirty days after Ae Kxk shall be so taken and detained.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such payment 80^l!lch^0^jj ttde shall be deemed to be in full satisfaction for such goods, anYthe pro- ires, and merchandize, to all intents and purposes as if such duce paid to tab, wares, and merchandize respectively nad been xegu- the use of dy sold; and that it shall be lawful for the said of, fcether the value of such goods, wares, or merchandize so re-lectirely ascertained, together with the addition of ten.pounds overplus to tr entum, and also the duties paid thereon be demanded or the officer, lot, to cause the said goods, wares, or merchandize respectively to be fairly and publickly sold to the best advantage, not sooner don twenty days after the goods, wares, or merchandize shall fke so taken and detained; and in case there shall be any over-fluj remaining from the produce of such sale, after deducting the value so ascertained as aforesaid, together with the addition v <rf ten pounds per centum, and also of the duties paid or payable thereon, and the charges of warehousing and selling such goods,

364 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. {$7.

[18 & 6.

wares, or merchandize, to order one moiety of such overplus to be paid to the officer or officers of the customs, who shall hate opened and examined such goods, wares, or merchandize, as an encouragement for the faithful discharge of his or then duty, and the other moiety, together with the amount of the value of the goods, wares, or merchandize, so ascertained as aforesaid* with the addition of ten pounds per centum, and also of tbr duties payable thereon, shall be paid into the hands of the coUj lector of the port within which such goods, wares, or mew.chandize shall have been sold, for the benefit of his Majesty! J but in case the produce of such sale, after deducting the char

arising froipri the warehousing, securing, and sale of such goo wares, or merchandize, shall not exceed or amount to so ran as the value of Such goods, wares, or merchandize so ascertain as aforesaid, with the addition of ten pounds per centumy and oft duties payable thereon, then the whole produce of the sak such goods, wares, and merchandize, after deducting the chafj arising from the warehousing, securing, and s^le thereof, sh be paid to the collector of the port within vjfrich such gotk wares, and merchandize shall have been so sold for the 1) of his Majesty.

X. And whereas in many cases the casks, or packages which a tain goods, wares y or merchandize subject to duty ad valors

Packages, if ore also of a certain value; be it enacted, That in all cases wh valuable, shall such casks or packages are of real value, more than the ufl

or necessary casks or packages for such goods or mercharufi

are or ought to be, they shall be entered, and the value there if entered ad valorem, snajl in every valuation be added to t value of the goods, and pay duty accordingly.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases, wherej this act, or any other act or acts in force in Ireland relating} the revenues under the management of the said commissio

pay duty ad valorem

Packages -may, in all cases, be seized, &c.

the goods contained in them.

together with of customs and port-duties, or of the commissioners of in excise and taxes, any goods, wares, or merchandize shall; may be seized or detained, it shall and may be lawful for officer seizing and detaining the same, also to seize and deal the casks and packages in which such goods, wares, and 'aw chandize shall be respectively contained, and such casks ant packages shall be dealt with in all respects in the same romne^ as the goods, wares, and merchandize so seized and detained, j Goods stored

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawfJ for"security for the said of of customs and port-dudes, or fat

be^soldif"^co^ector or othev chief officer of the port for the time perishable in their respective districts, in all cases where goods are or 5

within two be entered on bills of store or bills of view, and brought

months, or his Majesty's warehouses for the security of the duties there except suen goods, wares, and merchandizes respecting which any special provision is made, by this or any other act or acts in force in Ireland, to cause all such goods, if perishable, which shall have remained there for the space of two months, and if not perishable, for the space of six months, th# dudci

UgOB

else within six months.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. 365

upon which have not been paid or secured as the law directs, to be publickly sold by auction or inch of candle as soon as conveniently they can; and after such sale the produce thereof shall be first applied towards payment of the duties, and of she storeage, and all other charges thereon, and the overplus i [if any) shall be rendered and paid to the proprietai* or other [Jerson lawfully authorised to receive the same: provided always, that before any such sale shall be made of any perishable goods, three days' notice thereof, and before any such .^le of goods not perishable, then one month's notice thereof,

Jnd of the place, day, and hour of making such sale respectively all be publyckly kept posted up, and exposed to open view in the ng room at the custom-house of the port where such sale to be made, 'specifying each article and package, and the re-sive marks thereon.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any goods, Penalty cm ires, or merchandize subject or liable to the payment of duty unsh^)PinS at on import, shall, either within eight leagues of the shore g^odsUable fW, or within any port, harbour, haven, or creek in Ireland, to import i unshipped, or shall be taken out of any ship or vessel at sea, duties; for- order to be put into any other vessel, ship, or boat, or shall be ken out of any ship or vessel in order to be landed, without^eV UC*

it paying or securing according to law all duties payable by Iwthereon, all such goods, wares, and merchandize shall be rfeited, and the master or other person having charge of ship, boat, or other vessel, into or out of which any such s, wares, or merchandize shall be taken or put as aforesaid,

I forfeit treble the value of such goods, wares, or merchan-ze, unless in case of unavoidable, distress or necessity, (of frhich the master or other person having charge of such ship, at, or other vessel, shall immediately upon his arrival give dee in writing, and make proof thereof before the chief icer or officers of the customs in the first port in Ireland; re he shall arrive).

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any brandy, rum, For prevent-other spirits, in any cask, bottle, jar, or other vessel or in?j.smug-: kage under sixty gallons gauge, save and except spirits of te^ob^1co, 3,

fariol, or other spirits used in the linen manufacture, and Qr prohibited pordial waters; or if any teas (except such teas as shall be ex- goods.

Wed from Great Britain to Ireland in packages, containing not je$$ than ten pounds each); or if any tobacco in any package,

containing less than four hundred and fifty suttle pounds weight;

Or if any coffee in any package, confining less than one hunted and twfclve pounds weight; or if any goods, wares, or merchandize, by law liable to forfeiture upon importation into f Ireland shall be found on board any ship, vessel, or boat, in any j bay, port, harbour, creek, haven, river, or other place in Ireland, f or within ei^ht leagues of the shore thereof, or shall be di$-[ covered so to have been, although bulk shall not appear to have ! been broken, or although it shall not appear that any of the said*l, wares, or merchandize before mentioned, were run or

(attempted

366 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. [1806.

If ships in distress land goods illegally they shall be forfeited.

attempted to have been run out of such ship, vessel, or boat, in every such case all such goods, wares, and merchandize, so found on board such ship, vessel, or boat, and also"*such ship, vessel, or boat, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ariununi-tion, and apparel shall be forfeited; and if any ship, vessel, dr boat shall be found in any bay, port', harbour, haven, ri?er, ! creek, or other place in Ireland, or within eight leagues of thej shore thereof, or shall be discovered so to have been, althoum such goods, wares, or merchandize before mentioned, or zxm of them, shall not be found on board such ship, vessel, or txrt upon proof made that any such goods, wares, or merchandia have been taken from on board such ship, vessel, or boat, 1 landed in any part of Ireland, then every such ship, vessel, \ boat, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, si apparel, and all goods, wares, and merchandize on board, sha be forfeited, over and above any other- penalty or forfeiture ft the said offence: provided always, that no such forfeiture sha be incurred in case such ship, vessel, or boat, not being bool for any port in Ireland, shall be driven in by unavoidable neeft sity and distress, provided the master or other person havil or taking the charge or command of such ship, vessel, or boa shall immediately after the arrival of such ship, vessel, or boa in any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, creek, or other place i Ireland, give notice in writing, and make satisfactory proof ( the port to which such ship, vessel, or \>o2Lt was bound, and at of such necessity and distress, to and before the chief officer ( the customs at the port or place where such ship, boat, or vessel shall arrive: provided also, that it shall be lawful to hai so much tea, brandy, rum, or other spirits for the use of it seamen then belonging to and on board such ship, vessel, c boat, as shall not exceed in quantity more than two gallons of spirits nor more than one pound of tea, nor more than taw pounds of tobacco, for each seaman belonging to such shiw vessel, or boat. J

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any shifi vessel, or boat shall come into any bay, port, harbour, haveM river, creek, or other place in Ireland, or shall be within eig leagues of the shore thereof, and any spirits, teas, or tobattm or any goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be unlawfully lande# from such ship, vessel, or boat, such ship, vessel, or boata together with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, anfl apparel shall be forfeited j and also the remainder of the card* of such ship, vessel, or boat, notwithstanding such ship, vessel or boat was forced into Ireland, or was within eight leagues of the shore thereof, by unavoidable necessity or distress.

XVI. And whereas by several acts of parliament in force in Ireland, certain ships, vessels y and boats, in the said acts respectively particularly described, are, if found in any bay y port y harbour, haven, twery or creek in Ireland, or within four leagues of the shore therrtf, or discovered so to have beeny under certain circumstances subject and liable to forfeiture, together vfth all goods on board any

ship

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. 367

isup, vessel, or booty and the guns, furniture % ammunition, tackle, and apparel thereof: and whereas it is expedient that the provisions tf the said acts should be extended-; be it therefore enacted, That Extending r from and after the commencement of this act, every ship, yes-limits of e/, and* boat, which under and by virtue of any act or acts in h'eriBS to i force in Ireland, or of any of the provisions in any such act or eig eague8* 'acts contained, would be subject and liable to forfeiture for ibovering, or being found or discovered to have been within $ur leagues of the shore of Ireland, shall, with all her guns, fcckle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and all goods and tanmodities on board, be subject and liable to forfeiture, if pvering, or found, or discovered to have been within eight agues of the shore of Ireland, under any of the circumstances l the said acts or any of them respectively specified, described,

5 mentioned, and that all and every such act and acts respect[dy, and all clauses, provisions, powers, authorities, forfeit-les, penalties, restrictions, exemptions, oxceptions, matters, d things, in such act or acts contained, relating to ships,

[isels, or boats, and the guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, d apparel thereof, hovering, or found or discovered to have en within four leagues of Vie shore of Ireland, and also relat-l to any goods laden or being on board any such ships, vessels,

[boats, shall be, and the same are and is hereby extended,

A hereby directed and declared severally and respectively to lend, and shall from and after the commencement of this the deemed and construed to extend, and shall apply and be 1 full force, and be applied and put in execution, as to all ija, vessels, and boats, and the guns, tackle, furniture, am-xnition, and apparel thereof, which shall, under any of the jcnmstances specified, described, or mentioned in any such pt or acts, be hovering or found, or discovered to have been schin eight leagues of the shore of Ireland; and also to all rods on board any such ships, vessels, or boats, in as full and

Cle a manner to all intents and purposes, as if all and every act and acts, and all the clauses, provisions, powers, au-lorities, forfeitures, penalties, restrictions, exemptions, excep-aos, matters, and things therein contained, w; ere particularly pd expressly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this nsent act, as to such Hi stance of eight leagues as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Penalties of Qmmencement of this act, all pains, as well pains of death as former acts as ither pains, and all forfeitures, fines, and penalties, and all extended*U> revisions, powers, authorities, rules, regulations, restrictions* this act. Jeemptions, and exceptions, contained.in all and every or any'act or acts of parliament in force in Ireland, relating to ships, vessels, or boats so hovering, or found, or discovered to have been within four leagues of the shore of Ireland, or to any I mastet or other person having or taking the charge or command, or any other person on board of any such ship, vessel, or boat, shall extend, and shall be deemed, construed, and taken, and shall apply and be in full force, and put in execution in all

368

Doubts respecting the limits of

judgement against vessel and cargo.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. [1806.

cases, and for all purposes as to all such ships, vessels, or bints which shall be hovering, or found, or discovered to have been within eight leagues of the shore of Ireland; and as to every master or other person having or taking the charge or command, or other person on board of such ship or vessel as aforesaid, in as full and ample a manner to all intents and purposes, as if all and every such act and acts, and all such, pains, as weB pains of death and other pains, and all forfeitures, fines, and* penalties, provisions, powers, and authorities, rules, regulations, ! restrictions, exemptions, exceptions, clauses, matters, and things) in such act or acts contained and enacted, were particular and expressly repeated and re-enacted in the body of Am present act, as to such distance of eight leagues as aforesairf any thing in any act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding, j

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if upon anytd limns 01 of anynformation for J or any action relating to the seirt hovSng shallor forfeiture of any ship, vessel, or boat, or the tackle, appafl not prevent guns, furniture, or ammunition thereof, or of goods on bead the same respectively, hovering, or being found, or discover! to have been within any limits or distances mentioned in A act, or seized or proceeded against in due course of law i hovering, or being so found or discovered as aforesaid, it du appear to the court or jury respectively, that from the evidea given on such trial it is doubtful whether such ship, vessel^ boat was within such limits or distances as aforesaid, but it dv nevertheless at the same time be made appear to the satisfacti of such court or jury respectively, that such ship, vessel

boat, had on board prohibited goods, or goods in packajp contrary to law, or goods liable to the payment of duties Ireland, and was then bound for, or hovering on the coast I shore of Ireland, for the purpose of clandestine importation si illegal running of such goods, it shall be lawful for such co^g or jury to find a verdict, or give judgment on such inform; or action respectively, as to any such ship, vessel, or boat, the guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel the and any goods on board such ship, vessel, or boat, in manner as if it had been fully proved that such ship, vessel, SR boat, was hovering, or found, or had been discovered to bsil been within any such limits or distances as aforesaid: provide! nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall be constrvRK to extend to alter any such limits or distances, or to any casfl in which there shall not be a doubt as to whether such ship, vessel or boat, in respect whereof any such questions shall amt, was hovering, or found, or discovered to be within such limffl or distances respectively as aforesaid.

Custom

XIX. And be it further enacted, That any officer or office*

ma^atten* of customsn Ireland'who shall first come on board any ship down hatch- vessel bound for any port in Ireland, and having on board any ways of ships spirits, wines, tobacco, tea, sugar, or coffee, except the qtianrity ^Ynd/or allowed by law for the consumption of the crew, either within spirits, &c?on of any of the ports of Ireland^ or within eight leagues

board.

of

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. 369

of the shore thereof, shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and required to batten, fasten, and lock down the main and other hatchway and hatchways leading to (behold or place of stowage in such ship or vessel; and if such officer or officers shall neglect so to do, then and in such case, uj other officer or officers of the customs shall and may batten, wen, and lock down the said hatchway and hatchways: and the master or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall and he is hereby required to jmst or, cause to be assisted such officer or officers by and with sufficient number of the crew of such ship or vessel in the ing, fastening, and locking down such hatchway or hatch- and to provide and keep on board good and sufficient; s and fastenings for that purpose; and if any such master [jother person shall neglect or refuse to provide and keep such idts and fastenings, or to assist or cause to be assisted any ich officer or officers in battening, fastening, or locking down (ch hatchway or hatchways according to the directions of this at, or if any such hatchway shall, after the same shall have (hi so battened, fastened, or locked down as aforesaid, ac-irding to the directions of this act, be opened, or if any

Kening or Ipck affixed to any such hatchway for the puree of fastening or locking the same according to the directs of this act, shall be open, broken, or damaged after such tchway shall have been so battened, fastened, or locked down aforesaid, and before the same shall have been opened by the per officer or officers of the customs, the master or other Hon having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, ail for each and every such offence forfeit the sum of two mdred pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That when any goods, wares. Forfeiture of (merchandize shall be unshipped or landed in Ireland out of

vessel or boat under the burthen of twenty-five tons, not ton8 (rag in leak or wreck, before due entry made of such vessel goods with-^boat, and of all such goods at the custom-house or place out paying bwed by law for landing thereof, or after due entry, with-duties* nt the knowledge, privity, and consent of the proper officer or Beers of the port or place where such goods, wares, or mer-laadize shall have been unshipped or landed, such vessel or tot together with its tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall be (rfeited.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any ship If cargoes of i vessel shall arrive at any port or harbour of Ireland, and the ester or person taking charge of such ship or vessel, shall to another do

art to the proper officer that either the whole or any not agree with of the cargo of such ship or vessel is not to be landed in invoice and* wd, or not to be landed in such port of her first arrival, ad shall depart from such port or harbour, and shall arrive in vessel and ly Other port or harbour in Ireland, it shall Ue lawful for the cargo may be Eject or or other proper officer of such last mentioned port or seized, t. Vol. XLVI, B b harbour

37 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. [iJc6,

harbour to examine the state of the cargo of such ship of rend* and if such cargo shall not agree with the report and invoice of the master Or other person, made to the collectorother proper officer of the port or harbour where such ship or read did first arrive, every such ship or vessel together with her carg6 shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of the customs, unless it shall appear that such efisapee-ment was caused by unavoidable necessity.

Officers of

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to customs may atlj for any officer or officers of the customs to enteT into any fneThips^d coa8t*ng ship or vessel, which shall be within the limits of iny

compare of the ports of Ireland, or within eight leagues of the Aon

cargo with thereof, and to demand the cocket, certificate, let-pass, or ffhetH'an<* obtained by the master or other person having the

agree may" charge of such ship or vessel, and to examine whether the

seize the^cargo on board suen ship or vessel corresponds with the said

hip, &c. cocket, certificate, let-pass, or transire5 and if such cargo skill not correspond with the said cocket, certificate, let-pass, or transire, then every such officer is hereby authorised and required immediately to seize such ship or vessel, and bring her into the next convenient port or harbour to which she can be brought} and whether such cargo shsfll be found to correspant with such cocket or not, such officer or officers is and hereby authorised and empowered to stay and remain on beat all such ships and vessels during the time that the same sbt continue within any such port, or within eight leagues as asti* said 5 and if such master or other person having charge of sad ship or vessel, shall, upon demand by any such officer, refuse <r _ omit to produce such cocket, certificate, let-pass, or traasity or if any person shall oppose, molest, or hinder any officer or officers of the customs in going or remaining on board any Of or vessel, or in the entering or searching the cabin or any otbfT part of any such ship or vessel, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds. Regulations

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That i any goods, wim and ketse or merc^an^ze> shall be put on board any ship or vessel to be for coasting camed from any one port, haven, or creek of Ireland, to be vessels. landed at any other place in Ireland, without a sufferance ec

warrant first had and obtained from the proper officer of the 'port where such goods shall be shipped or put on board, iB such goods, wares, and merchandize, shall be forfeited, ad the master or other person having the charge of every such ship or vessel, whp shall take in any goods, wares, or merchandize, in any port, haven, or creek in Ireland, to be landed and discharged in some other port, haven, or creek thereof, shall, before the ship or vessel be removed from the port or riatf where he shall take in his lacting, take out a cocket, certificate, let-pass, or transire, as the case may require, and enter info a bond with twt> sufficient sureties to his Majesty, his hess^ifld successors, in a sum equal to the value of the goods, wares,!

nttrebadift

lto&} Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 8 7. 371

merchandize so laden or taken on board such ship or vessel,

(Ottfidoned for die delivery and discharge thereof in the port m place for which the same shall be entered as aforesaid, or in other port or place in Ireland^ the dangers and accidents tf the seas excepted, and also conditioned to return a certificate within two calendar months after the date of such socket, certificate, let-pass, or transire, under the hand and leal of the proper officer of the port where the same shall be landed and discharged, to the collector or other chief officer of the port in which such goods shall have been put on board, that such goods, wares, and merchandize were landed and discharged at the port for which the same shall have been entered, or at some other place within Ireland; and in case any such person as aforesaid, shall omit or neglect to take out such cocket, certificate, let-pass, or transire, and become bound as nioresaid, such person so neglecting or omitting, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any ship or vessel Coaster* not hiving departed from any port or place in Ireland, where she

shall have obtained a cocket, certificate, let-pass, or transire, with* shall arrive at any other port or place in Ireland, not having on cocket, for* bard all such goods, wares, and merchandize as shall be men-fated 5 and boned in such cocket, certificate, let-pass, or transire, or not indorsed thereon by the proper officer, as having been landed9i* some other port in Ireland, or having on board any goods, wares, and merchandize, not mentioned in such cocket, certificate, let-pass, or transire, then and in every such case, such ship or vessel, with all her tackle, ammunition, furniture, and apparel, shall be forfeited, and the master of such ship or vessel shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any goods, wares. On landing merchandize, brought or coming into any port, haven, or S*8

creek within Ireland, from any other port, haven* or creek castwi#e the within the same, by coast-cocket, certificate, let-pass, or trans- cocket, &c.

in ships or vessels, shall be landed or put on shore before shall be pro-such cocket, certificate, let-pass, or transire, shall be delivered to the proper officer or officers of the port, and a warrant or iterance made and given by such officer or officers for the i ndiHg and discharging thereof; or, if the goods, wares, and merchandize do not agree with such cocket, certificate, let-pass,

: transire, the master or other person having charge of such p or vessel out of which the goods shall be landed or put on Jiore, consenting thereunto, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and if any goods of foreign growth, product, or manufacture, coming coastwise as aforesaid, shall be landed without the presence of an officer of the customs, such fdreign goods shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Where a master or other person having the charge of any ship or vessel 9

rriving at any port or place in Ireland, shall report to the n^to*be proper officer of customs either the whole or any part of landed, bond

B B 2 O the <b*U be given

371

to the collector.

Officer may examine bales of

be landed^ and seize them if they

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87.

the cargo of such ship or vessel not to be landed in Irefaai) t shall be lawful for the collector or other chief officer tf such port or place to detain such ship or vessel, and such cargo* dr such part of the cargo thereof as shall be so reported not to be landed, until such master or other person having charge of 9udt ship or vessel, shall execute a bond to his Majesty, with two Sufficient sureties to be approved of by the collector or other chief officer of the port where such ship or vessel shall arrive, in double the amount of the duty payable in Ireland on such cargo, or part of such cargo; which bond shall contain a condition that such cargo, or such part thereof as aforesaid, shall not be landed in Ireland.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where the master of any ship or vessel shall report any bales or other packages of goods, contents unknown, and not to be landed, or for ex-| ^orted^ot to Portat^on from Inland^ in the same ship or vessel in which theft por n were imported, it shall and may be lawful for any officer <4 customs to open such bales and packages on board such shroj.or vessel so reported, and to examine the contents thereof; an$ ar<^6rohii3ited in case it shall appear on such examination that such bales 5*packages shall contain apy goods which are prohibited to be in

ported into Ireland, or are liable to forfeiture on being it ported into Ireland, all such goods and the packages them shall be forfeited; and in case such goods shall not be prohibit the same shall be chargeable with the duties diie and payalS thereon, and shall not be permitted to be exported or defiveif for that purpose before the legal duties due thereon to his M

eare regularly paid for the same, without the particai i and directions of the said of of customs af port-duties, or the collector of the port where such goods sh^arrive; and all goods found on board any such ship or ves*?

which the master shall have omitted to specify in his repdf shall be forfeited. i

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be ladfl for any officer or officers of customs to go on board any diifm vessel being in any port or harbour, or within eight leagues the coast of Ireland, and to demand from the master, coUf mander, or other person having charge of such ship or vea* the cocket granted for any goods on hoard such ship or mis'entered outwards, and on die exportation whereof any pettd shall be entitled to any bounty or drawback, and to examii whether the cargo on board such ship or vessel correspond with the said cocket; and if oh examination of such goods 0! board such ship or vessel, the said officer or officers shall fia that such goods on board are less in quantity than, or differs in quality from, the goods specified in such cocket so produce! in such case the whole of such goods so found on board sod ship or vessel, together with the ship or vessel, on board a which such goods shall be found, shall be forfeited; and in cai^ no such goods as shall be mentioned in such cocket shall hi found on board such ship or vessel, such ship or vessel shall lx

r forfeited j

Officer may enter Ships outward-bound, and compare cargo with cocket of goods exported on drawbacks, Scq.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. 373

Weited; and in case the master, commander, or other person luring chatge of any such ship or vessel, 'shall refuse or neglect to produce Such cocket, and shall have cleared out such ship or vessel, all goods, wares, and merchandize on board such ship or vessel, together with the ship or vessel, shall be forfeited) and it shall and may be lawful for such officer or officers, in any of the cases aforesaid, to seize such ship or vessel, and the goods, tares, or merchandize found on board the same respectively, as the case may be.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no drawback or* bounty shall be allowed or paid for any goods, wares, or mer- GreaBritain chandize exported or intended fQr exportation from Ireland to Jersey, &c.*Great Britain, or to the Isle of Man, or to the Islands of Jersey, shall not be 'Guernsey, Alderney, ot Sark, until a certificate shall be produced^eiti^ateof fcnder the hands and seals of office, from the collector or comp- Undin^there, holler, or other chief officer of the customs for the port where unless in case tfoh goods shall be landed, testifying the landing thereof, which of goods lost pkertificate shall be produced within four months after suchat 8ea> 5cc* goods were so exported, and shall express the exact weight, neasure, or quantity respectively of the goods, wares, or mer-Jundize 30 landed, with the numbers and marks of the casks,

Ees, or other packages in which such goods, wares, or mer-mdize shall be contained: provided always, that in case the sup or vessel in which such goods, wares, or merchandize were iported shall have been detained on her voyage by contrary binds; or in case any goods, wares, or merchandize shall have, tfjshed at sea, or shall have been taken by an enemy or pirate.

Bid the same shall be respectively proved to the satisfaction of'le of of customs and port-duties, it shall and may t lawful for the said of of customs and port-duties b direct payment to be made of any drawback or bounty on pch goods, wares, and merchandize respectively, on production /

fsuch certificate after the expiration of the said four months; nr in case of such loss or capture then without such certificate dng produced, any thing herein contained to the contrary not-standing: provided also, that in case such certificate shall as to the measure or quantity of any goods from the amount f whereon drawback or bounty shall be claimed, and such iation shall not exceed-What shall appear to the said commis-lers a reasonable allowance for ordinary leakage, or acci-ttal diminution of measure or quantity, it shall be lawful for them to direct payment of such bounty of drawback to be made -notwithstanding such variation.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no drawback shall Affidavit re-f be paid on the exportation from Irelatid of any goods, wares, ^J11 merchandize intended to be exported and declared for ex- master to f-.pOftation elsewhere than to Great Britain, or the Isle of Man, cr obtain dfraw-f* tb isles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, or Sark, unless the ex-back on 1 porter, merchant, or person having the direction of the voyage, dull make and sign an affidavit upon the debenture-paper, that S^tati0^ Jo he is the real owner, exporter, merchant, or person having the foreign parts.

- 1 direction

v

374

IVtialty on illegally re-landing goods; Forfeiture! and 500l.

No drawback to be paid till bond given not to re-land! nor till 31 days after sailing.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. [1806.

direction of the voyage* and that such goods* wares* and mer# chandize have* at the time of making such affidavit* been shipped fairly and without fraud* and mat all duties of custom* and excise due and payable on such goods* wares, and merchandize have been duly paid and satisfied* to the best of his knowledge and belief* specifying the time when and the place where such duties shall nave been paid* and that such goods* wares* and merchandize are intended to be exported to the port or place mentioned in the entry thereof and to no other* and that no part thereof is intended to be re-landed in any part of IreLmi} or to be landed in Great Britain* or th^ Lie of Man, or the islands of Faro or Ferro, nor to be transshipped or put on board any ship or vessel; and the master or person having the chartt or command of the ship or vessel on ooard which such goods* wares* and merchandize shall be shipped for exportation* shall also make and sign an affidavision such debenture-paper* that he is the master or person having the charge or command ofj such ship or vessel* and that such goods* wares* and mer-C chandize* have at the time of the making such affidavit been* fairly shipped* and are then actually on board such ship or sel* and that he will not suffer the same or any part thereof tU| be re-landed in Ireland, nor to be landed in Great Britain* or % the Isle of Man* or in the islands of Faro or Ferro, nor to bag transshipped or put on board any ship or vessel unless in case real distress* to save such goods* wares* or merchandize from* perishing. t

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the master, or person having charge of any ship or vessel* shall permit cty suffer any goods* wares* or merchandize* which shall be tered and Slipped for exportation* on which any drawback ofj bounty shall be paid or payable to be re-landed in any port or* place in Ireland % or unshipped within eight leagues of the coast,; thereof* or before the arrival of such Slip at its port of destk nation* unless in case of real distress* to save the same froflfe perishing (of which distress the master or person having the < charge of such ship or vessel out of which such good?* warev and merchandize shall be $0 unshipped or re-landed* shall im-, mediately give notice in writing to* and make proof before die chief officer of customs at the port or place where such goods*; wares* and merchandize shall be unshipped or re-landed) the said goods* wares* and merchandize so unshipped or re-landed shall be forfeited \ and the master or person having the charge of such ship or vessel* and also the owner of such goods* waxes* and merchandize* shall respectively forfeit the sum of five hus dred pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no drawback or bounty shall be paid to any person or persons* nor shall any person or persons be entitled to receiveany drawback or bounty upon the exportation of any goods* wares* or merchandize fro in Ireland, until the person exporting the same* together with two sufficient sureties* shall enter into a bond to his Majesty* his heirs and jucces-

ion,

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. 375

Mjindoubie the value of such goods, wares, or merchandize, conditioned that neither the whole nor any part of such goods met, 6r merchandize so to be exported shall be landed again is lay pbrt or place within Ireland, or in the Isle of Man, (except such goods, wares, and merchandize, as may by law be exported from Ireland to the said Isle of Man) or in the isles of ton and Ferro, unless in case of distress; and that no such draw-hick or bounty shall be paid to any person or persons until after dh expiration of thirty-one days from the sailing of the vesiel itrtoatd which such goods, wares, or merchandize were ship-fsd for exportation: provided always, that upon a certificate |dag returned under the hand and seal of the proper officer of Customs, at any port or place m any part of his Majesty's plantations, or settlements where any officer of the shall be resident, or for want of such officer, or if such wares, or merchandize shall be landed at any foreign or place, then under the hand and seal of the British Conor vice-consul rending at the port or place; and if there shall such consul or vice-consul, then under the hand and seal '

chief magistrate of the port or place, or under the hand seal of two known merchants of the port or place where poods, wares, and merchandize shall have been lauded, the same were there landed; or upon proof made to the Action of the said of of customs and port-duties, the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer at the port uch such goods, wares, or merchandize were shipped for 1, that such goods, wares, or merchandize were taken ties or pirates, or perished in the seas, such bond shall void and shall be cancelled; and such certificate shall be luted within nine months from the date of such bond, with to goods, wares, and merchandize entered for or landed part of Europe, Mother than Great Britain or the Isk of or the idles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark) not the Stteights of Gibraltar j and within fifteen months m to goods, wares, or merchandize entered for or landed other part of Europe, or in any part of Asia, Africa or

______And be it further enacted, That in case any 4uch ftxiofof laxid

I shall be put in suit, the woof that such goods were landed

"'W, or in the islands of Faro or Ferro, shall not lie on his ghanbe made f, his heirs or successors, but such goods shall be deemed by the party*

: been landed there, unless proof shall be made of the 1 it which the same were landed or put on shore, not being in Ireland, or the islands of Faro or Ferro: provided always, no such bond shall be put in suit at any time beyond three after the time within which such certificate as aforesaid ing the same is required be produced; nor in case ds shall have been landed by licence from the collector frflfe Proper officer of the port.

_0nV. And be it further enacted, That the master of every Report shall "Jf'tfrriifeg at any port, harbour, or creek, in IrekmL\ or de-

" # 7)jCTOgpj^ng WHP iff OSl*

or outwards.

xN one but officers or persons licensed shall go on board East India ships.

76 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87*.

last inwards parting from any port, harbour, or creek, in Ireland, i* balk* shall make a just and true report of such ship or vessd inward* or outwards respectively, and answer upon oath to such questions relative to the voyage and navigation of such ship or vessel, and to the goods, wares, and merchandize laden cm board, or unshipped from such ship or vessel, as shall be put to him by the collector, comptroller, pr other chies, officer of customs at the port, harbour, or creek, where he shall arrive, or from whence he shall depart, and shall, if Required by such officer,

Eroduce the ship's papers, under the penalty of forfeiting out undred pounds for every neglect, omission, or refusal 60 to do: provided always, that no master or other person having the charge or command of any ship or vessel in ballast, making a report n above required, shall in respect thereof be liable to the paymest' of any fee.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in shall not be lawful for any person or persons to enter on board any ship or vessi arriving from any part of the East Indies or China homeward* bound, except officers of customs whose duty obliges them to gd on boatd such ship, of such other person or persons as shal receive a permit or licence from the collector or other chirf officer of the port or place where such ship shall lie or be, ujid*

' the penalty of five hundred pounds for every time such person* persons shall go on board such ship without such licence as.af<m said; and if any goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be foui* open on board such ship, ox vessel, the same shall be take* act count of, and made up in proper packages suited to the nature cl such goods, by any officer or officers stationed at the port* place where such ship or vessel shall be; which said good % wares, and merchandize, when so paeked, shall be corded aid Sealed with lekd, with the King's-arms thereon, and an account of all such goods, wares, and merchandize so packed up, corded* and fcefaled as aforesaid, shall be transmitted to the commissioner! or collector of the customs in the port of London, and also to the chairman of the court of directors of the United Company d Merchants of England* trading to tfye East Indies.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any boat of vend shall carry to such ships or vessels arriving fxfcm any part of the; East Indies or China, any persons without such licence as aforesaid, such boat or vessel shall be forfeited, with all her furniture and tackle, and maybe seized by any officer of the customs; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer of customs stationed on hoard such ship or ships, vessel or vessels, arriving from the East Indies ox, China} and they are hereby required to) prevent any person or persons from going on board the unless he, she, or they produce such licence; and that if; person or persons shall resist or obstruct such officer in doiij his duty as aforesaid, such person or persons shall forfeit thes of five hundred pounds; and if any person or persons what* ever shall in any case forge or counterfeit any such licence ( permit as is hereinbefore mentioned* or shall, knowingly usee

by ()ip]o]f1

For preventing boats, carrying persons on board East India ships; penalty on resisting officers 500l. forging a licence, 1000l.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87.

enpfoy ady such forged or counterfeited licence or permit, he, dm* or they, shall forfeit the sam of one thousand pounds for smrsuch offence.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any ship or vessel shall arrive at any port or place in Ireland, it shall be lawful for the of of customs and port-duties, or for the collector or surveyor of the port, or tide-surveyor, or other officer appointed by the said of of customs and port-duties, qr any of them, to place one or two officers of the customs on board such ship or vessel, there to remain during such time as to each of, collector, surveyor, or other chief officer, feu in their discretion seem fit; and that from the rime any feb or merchandize shall be begun to be shipped or put on pard any ship or vessel at any port or place in Ireland, to be " to any other port within the same, or to any parts beyond seas, it shall be lawful for the said of of customs port-duties, or for the collector, surveyor, or other chief officer the port where such goods or merchandize shall be so put on lord ouch ship or vessel, to place an officer or officers of customs, exceeding two in number, on board such ship or vessel, there remain for such time as to the said of, or to such Hector, surveyor, or chief officer, in their discretion shall sefcm H and in case such ship or vessel shall have any corn or other loda board, which shall at the time be prohibited to be ex-Mted, or any goods on which any drawback, allowance, or / shall be payable, on proof of the landing thereof in Great titsm? then and in every such case, it shall be lawful for the said nuntssioners, or the collector, surveyor, or other chief officer, require one such officer to remain on board such vessel during t voyage, whether it be a coasting voyage or to Great Britain

Bectively.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every master or

m

Commissioners, &c. empowered to place officers on board all ships.

person having charge of any such ship or vessel in the re rctive cases aforesaid, Miall provide such officer or officers with " and sufficient beds or hammocks to rest or sleep in, under deck of such ship or vessel, and shall also provide such officer officers with sufficient food during the time of his or their _ on board, and shall land such officer or officers at the place -^rhich such ship or vessel shall have cleared out, or at anyr place within the harbour where such ship or vessel shall be the time when such officer shall be placed on board, as such MMussioners, collector, surveyor, or chief officer shall direct \ nd for any neglect or refusal in any of the cases aforesaid, such fetter or other person as aforesaid shall forfeit the 6um of one feadred pounds.

1 XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be kwful for the commanders of any of his Majesty's ships or vessels vf war. Or any commissioned, warrant, or petty officer specially authorised by them, to seize, without having any deputation or commission from the of of customs and port-duties itt Ireland for that purpose, any ships or vessels whatever, and

OO^ LC any

Master shall provide officer with bedding and provisions.

Commanders of King's ships may seize vessels with contraband goods.

37& Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. Sj. [iW,

any such goods^ wares, and merchandize found on heart toy ship or vessel as shall be subject to forfeiture under aay act or acts in force in Ireland, relating to the revenue under the v management of the said of of customs andport-dthes, for any offence against the said acts, or any of them; provided that the commander of such ship or vessel of war shall in ill respects, in regard to the delivery and prosecution of any suck* seizure, conform to all and each and every of the rules, teguM tions, and restrictions to which the officers of customs in IrdaS iYe now, or hereafter shall be subject, in case of such seizure^ made by them; ainy law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

of the r XL* And be it further enacted, That whenever any part oftb

of a sh^p^0 carg of any ship or vessel chased by any ship or vessel in tk chased by service of the commissioners of customs and port-duties in Irefan revenue-ves- or by any ship or vessel belonging to his Majesty's navy^ shall b els, &c*is thrown overboard during such chace, whether within or whhd boird^he^" t^ie of any port of Ireland, or within or beyond eigl

ship and leagues of the snore thereof, in every such case such ship d cargo shall vessel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and ay be forfeited. parel, shall be forfeited, together with the remaining part of sue

Vessels in the navy, or service of the customs, may fire on ships refusing to bring to, on hoisting a pendant and tiring a gun.

cargo.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case any ship vessel, liable to seizure or examination, shall not bring to of being required so do, or being chased by any ship or vessel be longing to his Majesty's navy, having the proper pendant am ensign of his Majesty's ships hoisted, or by any vessel in tl service of the commissioners of customs and port-duties in Irdtr* having a pendant and ensign hoisted with such marks thereon a blue field, aS'now are or shall be directed or authorised by said of of customs and port-duties to be used or u by such vessels at the time, it shall be lawful for the captain master, or other person having the charge or command of such vessel belonging to the navy, or in the service of the commissioners of customs and port-duties, to fire into such or vessel which shall not brine to after such colours shall be hoisted, and after a gun shall have been fired by such vessd W

longing to the navy, or in the service of the said commissioneftdf

customs and port-duties, as a signal; and such captain, master, w other person, and every person acting in his aid or assistance, by his directions, shall be and is hereby indemnified and charged from any penalties or actions for damages for so doings and in case any person or persons shall be wounded, maished, of killed by or by means of such firing, and in case such capitis, master, or other person having the charge or commanded any such vessel belonging to the navy, or in the service of the said of of customs and port-duties, or any person acting in his or their aid or assistance, or by his or their direction, shafl be sued, molested, or prosecuted, or shall be brought before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace, or other justices or person* having competent authority, for or on account of such wording,

maiming,

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87.

oar killing, all and erery such justice or justices, person 1, is and are hereby authorised and empowered, enjoined, required to admit every such captain, master, and other or persons so brought before him or them as aforesaid, to

379

And be it further enacted, That if any ship or vessel Penalty on  ging to his Majesty's navy, nor being in the service of ?hiP*of of customs and port-duties, nor being other-; ai

jmthorised by law, shall carry or hoist any such pendant or thorisedf ytooJ. " as hereinbefore mentioned or described, the master or having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

"TL And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- In case of board any ship, boat, or vessel, being in any port, harbour, resistance to river, or creek, in Ireland, or within eight leagues of any officer though shores of Ireland, shall resist, or prevent any officer of cus- not with from boarding or entering into such ship, boat, or vessel, or force, ships u seeing, surveying, or making search for goods, wares, and may be seized^ ndicce, or shall prevent or hinder such officer from seizing Tying away such goods, wares, or merchandize, as shall or [be found therein, and which they have authority to seize, such resistance, hindrance, or prevention shall not be rarms, or by force of arms, then and in such cases, such'ship,

Lor vessel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, rel, and all goods, wares, and merchandize found therein, forfeited, and shall and may be seized by such

_ And be it further enacted, That any cutter, lugger, Vessels of a^wherry, sloop, smack, or yawl, belonging in the whole o^rme^for Ipart to any of his Majesty's subjects $ and all vessels belong- resistance,

" aforesaid, of any other description, whose bottoms are shall be foo-work, having either a standing or running bowsprit which fated, xceed in length more than two-thirds of the length of such lugger, shallop, wherry, slopp, smack, yawl, or other from the fore-part of her stem, under the bowsprit, to the Te of her stem-post aloft5 and all vessels belonging as phe length of which shall be greater than in the pro-three feet and a half to one mot in breadth; and all of vessels belonging as aforesaid, armed or furnished with otherwise than as is herein after excepted, which shall be within the limits of any of the ports of Ireland, or within leagues of the coast thereof, shall be forfeited, together |1 the goods, wares, and merchandize, if any, which shall be therein, and all her guns, tackle, ammunition, furniture, areL

Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in^shall extend Or oe construed to extend to any ship or America, See* on a voyage from any part of America, or the East or West and ships ia^or Africa, or the island of Madeira, or the Mediterranean, service of to subject the same to forfeiture on account of her built, or

t1 nance, occ*

"lying on board arms or ammunition* nor to any ship or^8hip*u.

vessel censed.

U

No fee for such licence.

Particulars of licence.

Security by bond.

Licences shall be registered with the collector of thf port.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 8].

[1806.

vessel in the service of his Majesty's navy, victualling-office, ordnance-office, customs, or post office, on account of her built, or for having on board arms or ammunition^nor to any vesse the owner of which shall have a licence as herein described an< directed for navigating the same, from the lord high-'admini n Great Britain, or the of of the Admiralty for the tim being, or from the of of customs in Great Sn/jw, 0 from the of of customs and port duties in Ireland, 0any person authorised by them to grant the same, for or on account of her built, or for having on board such arms or ammuni tion, as she shall or may be licensed to have as herein after mentioned $ nor to any lighters or barges used solely in rivers or in land navigation \ nor to any ships or vessels which shall have a board any arms or ammunition, which shall have been regulafl entered and cleared at any custom-house in any of his Majest? dominions as merchandize, or for the use of his Maje^y, or 1 stores or garrisons, ' and are regularly stowed in the hold of $u< ships or vessels, or are put on board for the necessary use ( defence of such ships or vessels, by licence from the lord big! admiral of Great Britaiti> or the of of the Admiral! for the time being, or by the Commissioners of his Majest customs as aforesaid, or any person authorised by them to grs the same, for or on account of such arms or ammunition: pi vided also, and be it enacted, That no fee, gratuity, or reroj shall be demanded or received for any such licence, or for t gistering the same as herein mentioned.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That every such lie shall specify the tonnage of such ship or vessel, and de whether she is a cutter, lugger^ shallop, wherry, sloop, or yawl, and of what sort of built she is, and who is or are t owner or owners thereof, and what quantity and number, a what species of arms and ammunition she is licensed to have board.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That before any sut licence shall be granted, the owner or owners of such ship or vest shall give sufficient security by bond to his Majesty, in doa| the value of such ship or vessel, to be approved of by the collects comptroller, or chief officer of the customs, with con&tion thi the said ship or vessel shall not be employed in the importation < landing of any tea, spirituous liquors, or any goods prohibited I be landed, or any other goods clandestinely, or with intent i evade the payment of duty contrary to law, or in the expoitatic of any goods prohibited to be exported from Ireland, or in the n landing contrary to law any goods which have been entered on wards for exportation, and on the exportation whereof any dm back or bounty shall be claimed.

XLVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the owner ( any ship or vessel which shall be licensed as herein mention^ shall, before such ship or vessel sails out of any port, harbour, 0 creek, in Ireland, bring such licence, or cause the same to h brought to the collector, comptroller, or chief officer of custorr I the port, harbour, or creek from which such ship or vessel i

'L I

about

3 8t

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87.

afebvt to sail, which licence such collector or other such officer of tfcftotns is hereby required duly to register without fee or reward,

Mi to endorse such registry thereon, and every such owner shall felM^mxluce the same, or cause the same to be produced, so en-Itosed, to the collector or other proper officer of customs of any harbour, or creek at which such ship or vessel shall

XLTX. And be it further enacted, That any licence which indorsed, 1"0? not be so endorsed, or which shall be granted without such granted with-rity as aforesaid having been given, and a certificate thereof out security, inechin the body of such licence, shall be null and void; ghip/01*

t the ship or vessel shall be liable to seizure and prosecution, liable to sei-Tie same manner as if no such licence had been given. zure.

And be it further enacted, That if any boat, wherry, Boats rowing ace, barge, or galley rowing, or made or built to row with than six oars, shall be found upon the water, or in any f0j^tedun-_ e-house, workhouse, shed, or other place within any port, leas licensed, ken, harbour, or creek in Ireland, or within eight leagues of the t thereof, such boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, all heT tackle, and furniture, shall be forfeited, and may be by any officer of the customs, and after the seizure and iemnation of such boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley,

collector or other chief officer of the customs in the port or where such boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, shall be Efcoridemned, shall cause such boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or to be burned and wholly destroyed: provided always, that ig herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, kany barge or galley in the service of the said of of "3ms and port-duties, or to any long-boat, yawl, or pinnace hewing to and used in the service of any merchant's ship or vessel, bio such boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, as shall be liaised by the said of of customs, and port-duties,

by such person as the said of shall appoint for that T>ose, which licence shall be granted without any fee or charge; rided that no such licence shall be granted but upon sufficient tsrity to be given to the said of, or to the person k be appointed by them, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and eessors, by the owner or owners of, such boat, wherry, pin-e, barge, or galley, by bond in such penalty as the said com-stoners of customs and port-duties shall think reasonable, with lition that the same shall not be made use of in the illegal tiding ot re-landing, or in attempting or assisting so to do, of any Is whatsoever in Ireland,

LI. And in order to ascertain the tonnage or burden of all ships or Vessels; be it enacted, That m all cases where it shall be requi- Mode of astute by law to ascertain the tonnage or burthen of any ship or certaining jrvessei in Ireland, the rule for admeasuring such ships or vessels ghipsfnSl shall be as follows; that is to say, the length shall be taken on a cases.

P Straight line along the rabbit of the keel of the ship, from the after-of her stempost aloft to a perpendicular line from the forepart of the main stem under the bowsprit, from which subtracting

: tfifefc-fiftha of the breadth of such ship or vessel, the remainder

382.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. e* 87. [1806.

shall be esteemed the just length of the keel to find the tooflBgh j

and such breadth shall be taken from the outside of thetiWp I -1"l in the broadest part of the ship or vessel* be it t&jfr

plank!

above or below the main whales* exclusive of all planks that may be wrought upoit the sides of the ship or tq then multiplying the length of the keel by the breadth so, and that product by half the breadth* and dividing the whsis ninety-four, the quotient shall be deemed the true contents the tonnage; according to which rule the tonnage of all U ships and vessels shall be measured and ascertained. Nameolrboat,

LII. And be it further enacted, That the owners of all gc: ^ot, bards* boats* wherries, and other vessels not required by toshall be* paint-ke registered, belonging to any port or place tn Ireland, \

00 the silem. paint or cause to be painted in white or yellow Roman letter a length not less than three inches upon a black ground* some conspicuous part of the stern of such gabbard, boat, who or other vessel* provided there shall be sufficient space lot purpose; but if not* then in letters as large as the space admit* the name of such gabbard* boat, wherry* or other the name of the port or place to which she belongs* and name and surname of the owner or owners; and in defi thereof such gabbard* boat, wherry* or other vessel* with iK tackle and furniture* shall be forfeited* and may be seized any officer of the customs.

For register-

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if upon the aflin ing ships, de any ship or vessel in any port or place in Ireland* to which belong, the master or other person having or taking charge or command of such ship or vessel*' and one or 1 of the owners thereof* shall make proof upon oath* or case of a Quaker* upon solemn affirmation* to the til faction of the commissioners of customs and port-dudes, if the port of Dublin, or if at any other port in Ireland to the tisfaction of any person or persons appointed or to be appoio for that purpose by the said of, under their infl and seals, of the loss of the certificate of registry granted such ship or vessel, under the regulations of an act* made the parliament of Ireland in the twenty-seventh year of his pi sent Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the further intrust* encouragement f shipping and navigation^ and if such master If owner shall likewise give the security required by the said |P cited act in case of such loss, it shall and may be lawful for said of of customs and port-duties, or for such son appointed by them for that purpose as aforesaid and are hereby respectively required in such case* to authorise proper officer of the port to which such ship or vessel' to register the said ship or vessel de novo9 and to grant a ficate of registry according to the regulations and in the tt and form prescribed by the said recited act* mentioning in stidt certificate that such registry is made de novo> on account of fte loss of the certificate of the former registry* and specifying tfct date of such former registry.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any pecmsshsU

try under 17 > c. ii3

from

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. 383

jbn and after the commencement of this act, be found passing smuggling ^company together in any part of Inland within the space ofd? With*n miles Cu any of the coasts thereof, knowingly and will- the Toast,  axing in their custody any goods, wares, or merchandize misdemea-[ector liable to any duty on the importation thereof, which "our; if more I hare been landed from any ship or vessel, without due th five m Ittry and payment of the duties by law charged thereon, or any i^disguised1* rods which shall have been shipped or exported upon debenture or armed, &c. r certificate, and which shall have been illegally landed, every felony, pu-ich person, if there shall not be five in the whole, shall be nishable bT emed guilty of a misdemeanour and suffer accordingly; or if transporta-are shall be five or more, or if any person or persons snail carry tion.

7 offensive arms or weapons, or wear any vizard, mask, or other iguiae, when passing with any such goods, wares, or merchants, or if any two or more persons shall be found assembled other, armed with fire-arms, or other offensive arms or wea-in order to be aiding and assisting, or being aiding and itting ip running, rescuing, or illegally landing, removing, or lying away any such goods, wares, or merchandize, or in ream; any person who shall be apprehended for, or in prevent-. the apprehension of any person who shall be guilty of the offences, or of any offence made felony by any act in force hland relating to the revenues, matters, and things under management of the commissioners of customs and port-ies, or of the commissioners of inland excise and taxes, or icr of them, every person being legally convicted of such Mice, shall be deemed, taken, and adjudged to be guilty of my, and shall for such offence be transported for the term of tn years.

LV. And, for the speedy and impartial trial of any offence against f law in force in Ireland, relating to the revenues, matter/, and if/ under the management of the said of of the customs \prt-duties, or of the said of of inland excise and taxes,

Other of them, which is declared to be a felony or misdemeanour; k enacted, That every such offence, in case the same shall Felonies, &c. committed within the limits of any of the ports of Ireland, or thin eight leagues of any part of the coasts thereof, shall and wtiun eight be enquired of, examined, tried, and determined before any leagues of the art or courts of oyer and terminer, or gaol-delively in any shore, may

C within Inland, in such manner as if the fact nad been*

f committed within such county. Ireland.

XVI. Andy for the prevention of collusive seizures and sales iJneign spirits and tobacco; be it enacted, That all brandy, Distribution m, geneva, or other spirits, and all tobacco which shall here-hr be seized and condemned as being illegally imported into ^"08 seized dand9 or attempted or intended so to oe, shall be sold by inch for illegal wk f candle, and that out of the produce arising by such sale, the portation Jtoount of the duties due on the importation of such brandy, therc0^ pneva, nun, or other spirits respectively, at the time of tha ttzurt thereof, shall be paid to the use of his Majesty, his heirsod successors* and that in the next place all costs and charges of suchsak shall be deducted and defrayed out of such produce,

384 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. [1806.

and that the surplus, after the said payments, or a sufficient reservation for the same, shall go and be to the use of the person or persons who shall seize or discover, or give information of and prove the said offence, except in the case of tobacco, wherein one-third part only of the produce arising- from such safe thereof, after payment of all duties, costs, and charges as aforesaid, shall be paid to the person or persons who shall seize discover, or give information of and prove the offence with respect to suqh tobacco, and the other two-third parts shall be ra the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors. j

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any perscK shall knowingly harbour, keep, or conceal, or shall permit ( higi or buying suffer to be harboured, kept, or concealed, or shall sell or e rum goods, pose to sale, or shall buy any goods, wares, or merchandize su jfcct to or chargeable with any duties upon importation, the duti upon which shall not have been duly paid, every such per* shall forfeit treble the value of such goods, wares, and merchz dize, and all such goods, wares, and merchandize, shall forfeited, and may be seized.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That during any wari.which the United Kingdom may be engaged, no pot-ashes time*of war m Pear^ ashes shall be exported from Ireland to any place era*Great Britain, or shall be exported to any place eia Great Britain; and if any such ashes shall during any waT 4aden on board any ship or vessel bound to any place exO Great Britain, such ashes, together with the ship or vessel which the same shall be so laden or exported, shall be forfeit with all her guns, tackle, furniture, and apparel. J

LIX. And be it further enacted, That before such asl shall be laden on board any ship or vessel in Ireland, the j exporting the same shall enter into a bond, with two sumcn sureties, in the sum of two hundred pou nds, conditioned such, ashes shall be landed in Great Britain and no where and upon certificate being returned within three months fa the day of the date of such bond, under the hand and sea the chief officer of the port in Great Britain where such ad shall have been landed, that the said ashes were there land* or upon proof made within such time to the satisfaction any one of the said of of customs and port-duti that such1 ashes were taken by enemies or perished in the the said bond shall become void and may be cancelled.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no duty whatsoei shall be paid on the exportation from Ireland of any bread biscuit, any thing in any act or acts in force in Ireland to contrary notwithstanding.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the imp* tation of wheat into Ireland shall be allowed duty free, or payment of the lowest duty, it shall and may be lawful any person or persons to import starch into Ireland free of dul LXII. And9 for the preventing of frauds in the delivery coals imported into Ireland, and for ascertaining the amount duty on every ton {hereof (enacted, That it shah and

tJS weight maj

Penalty on

persons concealing, sell-

treble value and forfeiture.

Pot-ashes shall not

except to Great Britain.

On exportation of such ashes bond shall be given to land them in Great Britain.

Bread or biscuit may be exported duty free.

Starch may be imported duty tree, when wheat may be so imported.

For asccrtain-weight

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. 385

nay be lawful for the collector and surveyor of the customs of coals ac-t any port in Ireland, where any coals shall be imported, and fr the chief magistrate at such port or place, or in caseRemeasure here shall be no such chief magistrate, then for any neigh- by which they wring justice of the peace, and they are hereby required, are dis-pon the arrival of any ship or vessel laden with coals at0*1* ay such port, to ascertain what weight of the sort or kind f coals laden on board such ship can be contained -in the tenure by which coals are usually discharged and sold at kh port, such measure being filled according to the custom t such port, by heap or strike; and all coals landed at suchr prt shall be discharged uniformly by such measure accord-Igly, and the amount of duty chargeable on such coals shall 8 calculated by the ton containing twenty hundred weight, jcording to the number of such measures, and the weight preof respectively: provided always, that the master or other pson having charge of any vessel in which such coals shall be ^ported, may, on his arrival at such port, and before discharg-t any part of such coals, make a prime entry of the quantity (such coals, according to the number of tons contained in the

Smber of chaldrons specified in the cocket accompanying such thereof, is, rating each such chaldron at the weight of one ton and Kighth of a ton at least; and the said master, or other per- shall, before clearing out of such port, deliver to the said sector of the customs, whether he shall have made a prime ry at such port or not, a true account upon oath, of the Uber of measures of coals discharged and landed out of such p or vessel, and shall then make a post-entry of the quantity such coals, entering the same by the ton according to such pputation, and paying duty agreeable thereto; and if any Penalty on pter shall neglect to make any such entry, or to deliver such neglecting to fount, or to pay the duty chargeable according thereto, he ill for every offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds,

4 it shall and may be lawful for any officer of the customs to ee and detain such ship or vessel until the said penalty shall id.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That wherever the Weight when, p.^.it of any measure of any sort or kind of coal coming from s aweitain* fy particular port in Great Britain, shall have been ascertained all

(manner aforesaid at any port in Ireland, and the commission- coa]s of the ( of customs and port-duties in Ireland shall declare such like sort im-rright to be the fair average weight of such measure of such J>orted for ptorkind of coal coming from any particular port in Great Britaint the cargoes of all vessels laden with coals coming into the ud port in Ireland, or any part of the district thereof, from such articular port in Great Britain, for the space of six months next fter the time when such weight shall have been so ascertained, r. until such declaration shall be revoked, shall be discharged, nd shall pay duty according to such weight and measure so scertained and declared as aforesaid; and that an account of the espective weights of the several sorts or kinds of qoals, which Vol.XLVI, Ccuch

3*6

Foreign hops shall be warehoused till British hops are 9l. Irish currency per ewt.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. [1806.

such measures filled in manner aforesaid shall be capable of containing, and ascertained in manner aforesaid, shall from time to time be signed by the respective surveyor or collector and such magistrate as aforesaid, and a copy thereof shall be from time to time hung up and remain in the long room of the custom-house of such ports respectively.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all foreign hops imported into Ireland at a time when the middle price of British hops imported into Ireland, ascertained as herein directed; shall not exceed the sum of nine pounds Irish currency by the hundred weight, shall, upon the landing thereof, be lodged in tkj presence of the proper officer of the customs, in any of la Majesty's warehouses, at the expence and risk of such importi or proprietor, and the same shall not be delivered out ol sue warehouse or warehouses except for exportation, unless as until it shall appear to the satisfaction of the said commisska eirs of customs and port-duties that the middle price of Brith hops imported into Ireland shall exceed the sum of nine pouni Irish currency by the hundred weight: provided always, thatti said of shall from time to time make enquiry, ai whenever it shall appear to them that the middle price of BriA hops imported into Ireland shall exceed the sum of nine pauai Irish currency by the hundred weight, it shall and may beta ful for the said of, and they are hereby required! give notice in the Dublin Gazette, that the middle price of vd hops doth exceed the said sum of nine pounds by the hundn t weight; and in such case it shall be lawful, for the spaced

three months after the date ind publication of such notice, fi the proprietor or importer of foreign hops so warehoused, take the same out of such warehouse on payment of the di imposed thereon by law, and of the expence of wareho and for any person to import foreign hops without warel the same.

Allowance for

LXV. And be it further enacted, ' That an allowance after

tare of hop

bags, &c.

Sheep's skins tanned with bark deemed Basil leather. Silesia linens bleached in Holland shall be considered as hoiland.

Regulations respecting duty on printed Muttons.

rate of ten pounds per centum shall be made for the weig every bag or pocket in which hops shall be.imported from ( Britain or elsewhere, for the tare of such bag or pocket.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all sheep's skins tamtiC with bark which shall be imported into Ireland, shall be entered basils, and shall be charged with duty accordingly.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all linens made# Germany or Silesia, and afterwards bleached in Holland, and ifl ported from thence into Ireland, shall be rated as linens, and pay the duties payable by law on the importation ( Holland linens.

LXVIII. And whereas frauds have been frequently committed I entering several species of manufactures made of cotton at a lover 1 of duty than by law they should be entered; be it enacted, That: manufactures made of Cotton of the like species of manu as calico, muslin, or muslinet, whether the same or any y thereof be stained or dyed before or after the wearing thereof,

by

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. 387

whatever particular1 name the same now are or hereafter snail he denominated, shall fall under the description of and pay duty as calicoes, muslins, or muslinets, printed, painted, or stained.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That when any person Allowance of shall make use of any salt in the process of bleaching linen, or 8a^t

In the making of muriatic acid, which shall be used in the JJj^JJ? process of bleaching linen, such person shall be entitled to 'pcAve, and the collector of the customs in the district within,

Sfcich such sak shall have been imported or made, shall repay So such person all duties which shall have been paid on the aid salt, on his making it appear to the satisfaction of the said bmmissioners of customs and port-duties, that such salt had aid ail duties due thereon, and had been made use of in the rocess of bleaching linen, or in the making of muriatic acid that purpose.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That where any person Drawback on b11 import into Ireland any crude brimstone, saltpetre, or brimstone and reen vitriol, and shall make use of the same in making oil of J^lrin^oil rtrioi, aquafortis, or nitrous acid, such person shall be entitled of vitriol and Heceive, and the collector of the port or district within which aquafortis, sch crude brimstone, saltpetre, or green vitriol, shall have been -ported, shall repay to such person all such duties as have fen paid by him on the importation thereof, on his making it i|)ear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of customs and xt-duties, that such crude brimstone, saltpetre, or green triol, had been used in making oil of vitriol, aquafortis, or trous acid.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That no salt of the produce Salt shall be manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland shall be exported in Ireland (except to Newfoundland in manner herein after men- one hundred led) in any ship or vessel of less burthen than one hundred tons; (except; and that all such salt shall be exported in bulk only, to Newfound-not in bags or sacks; and that on the exportation from nd of any such salt, the person exporting the same shall iftter into a bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, not be larfded irith sufficient sureties, in the sum of fifteen shillings for every in Great Bri-loshel of salt, reckoning fifty-six pounds to every bushel that bll be shipped or put oti board such ship or vessel, widi xmdition that the same or any part thereof shall not be landed li Great Britain, or the Isle of Man, but that the same shall rally and truly be exported to other parts beyond the seas; nd that a certificate of such salt having been landed at or in foreign port, shall be returned within the space of nine calen-Itr months from the date of the said bond, under the seal of ifice of the chief magistrate in some port or place beyond the Ofj or undet the hahd and seal of the British consul residing t port or place, or imder the hands and seals of two irit&k merchants then being at such port or place, that such -ak Ab there landed; and on return and delivery of such r c c 2 certificate

588

Regulating bond and cocket for alt carried coastwise.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. [1806.

certificate, such bond is hereby declared void, and shall be cancelled.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no ship, vessel, or boat, laden or partly laden with salt to be carried coastwise from one part of Ireland to another part thereof, shall be suffered to depart from the port or place where such ship, vessel, or boat shall take in her lacting, until the master, purser, or other person having charge of the said ship, vessel, or boat, shall take and receive from the chief officer of the said port or his deputy, a cocket under the hand of such officer, expressing the quantity of such salt which shall be so shipped to be earned coastwise, and shall also enter in a bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with sufficient sureties in the sum o( fifteen shillings for every such bushel of salt, reckoning fifty-si

founds to the bushel, with condition that all the said salt shal e delivered and discharged in the port or place to which th said ship, vessel, or boat shall be destined, or in some other port or place in Ireland, and not elsewhere, the dangers of the seas excepted\ and that such master, purser, or other persoa having charge of such ship, vessel, or boat, shall return a certificate of the landing thereof within three calendar month next ensuing the date of the said cocket, under the hands uk seals of the collector and comptroller of his Majesty's custooti his or their deputy or deputies, in the port or place where saw salt shall be landed or discharged \ and from and after ft return of such certificate, such bonds shall become void m shall be cancelled: provided always, that if any salt so skipprf for exportation or to be carried coastwise, or any part thereof shall perish or be lost at sea, or shall be taken by enemies or pirates at sea, or shall be stranded and perish, or be lost thereby and the same shall be duly proved to the satisfaction of the said of of customs and port-duties, the bondsecMt into in respect of such salt shall thereupon become void ai shall be cancelled: provided also, that it shall be lawful t ship in any ship or vessel as much salt as may be necessary far the provision of the crew of any such ship or vessel for dbdr voyage, without entering into such bond, apon taking a cocbt in manner aforesaid of the quantity of such salt, and the p-poses for which it is put on board: and also that it shall act may be lawful to ship as much salt as may be necessary far curing of fish, or exporting to Newfoundland in manner haft after mentioned.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all salt bnwft the coastshall on t^ie coast Ireland, or within three leagues thereof, shaDbe

pay duty, or subject to the same duty that 9uch salt would be subject to if be ware- the same was actually landed in Ireland; and in case any sift?tWn vessel, or boat, with salt on board, shall be on any part of dfc ^nalty^ for- coa9t Ir^nd* or within three leagues thereof, for the ipace fetureof the of forty-eight hours, and the person having the command of salt. such snip* vessel, or boat* shall not invoice the said safe and

PI

All salt

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. 389

Pay the duty for the same, or shall not within the said space of fcrty-eight hours duly enter the same for the purpose of being Warehoused, according to the provisions herein after contained, fen and in every such case all such salt shall be forfeited; tad it shall and may be lawful for any officer of the customs I. seize all such salt as shall be found on board such ship,

Mel, or boat, and to detain such ship, vessel, or boat in kichsuch salt shall be so found, until the said salt shall be Jfrladen.

LXXIV. And, in order to encourage the fisheries of Ireland, be 'enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed to every person Allowances jho shall proceed to fish on the coasts of Ireland, and shall for pe fish caught on the said coasts, such sum as shall be equal m cunn* i the duty on the quantity of salt used in the curing such fish; fed the of of customs and port-duties shall with all ttvenient speed form a schedule or table of the several sums tieh shall appear to them proper to be allowed in respect of le quantiti& of the several species of fish which shall be entioned in such schedule or table, as a compensation for t duties on the quantities of salt used in curing the same ipectively; and that so soon as such schedule or table 111 be ormed, and signed by four or more of the said Runissioners, and shall be approved of by the of r executing the office of lord high treasurer in Ireland, the tend and respective sums which shall be set forth and men-ned in such schedule or table, shall be respectively paid to I respective persons who shall have caught, cured, and landed tf such fish respectively in Ireland, which payment shall be by the collector of the port in which such fish shall be 1: provided always, that proof to the satisfaction of the commissioners of customs and port-duties shall be made of quantity of fish caught, cured, and landed, and that the 5 was caught on the coasts of Ireland, and cured with salt ide or imported into Ireland: provided also, that no such ta shall be paid or allowed unless due entry be made of all cb salt laden on board any ship, vessel, or boat in any port of dond, for the purpose of curing fish therewith, nor unless to! be given to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, (which 4

tad the collector and comptroller of the port is hereby em-wered to take) by the master of the ship, vessel, or boat on bard which su$h salt shall be so laden, with two sufficient ies in the sum of fifteen shillings for every bushel of such conditioned that such salt shall be used in curing fish, and: due proof shall be made thereof to the satisfaction of the commissioners of customs and port-duties, or that the same i be re-landed at some port in Ireland, and that a certificate die landing thereof at such pdrt within six months after the vdste of such bond, and within one month after the re-landing of the same, shall be produced to the collector of the port where tech salt was so laden.* -

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That any foreign salt or Salt may be any salt of the produce or manufacture of Great Britain, which ^oused

390 pay duty

within 19 monthr#

Notice of warehousing salt or taking the same out of warehouse,

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. [1806.

shall be duly and fairly imported into Ireland in any quantity not less than fifty bushels, upon due entry thereof, may forth-with, and before payment of all or any part of the duty payable on the importation thereof, be landed at such ports or places in Ireland, 'as the said of of customs and port-duties may from time to time direct and allow, in the presence of the proper officer of the customs at such port, from on board the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding*, and that such salt so landed for the purpose t>f warehousing, shall be weighed, and carried, and put into his Majesty's warehouse, or into such other import-warehouse, storehouse, or cellar, as shall be for that purpose provided, and shall be approved by the said of of customs and port-duties, or by the collector or surveyor of the port, at the expence and risk of the respective proprietors or importers of such salt, and under such rules rA regulations as the said of of customs and port-dut.es shall from time to time direct and appoint 5 and that die j -prietor or proprietor or importer or importers of such iir, shall give good and sufficient bond or security, to be alsv approved of by the said of of customs and port-duuei, or by the collector or comptroller of the port, in double the amount of the duty payable by law on the importation of any such salt, conditioned for the payment of all such duty as shaft be payable on all such salt at the time of taking the same out of warehouse, before such salt shall be taken out of warehouse, in case the same shall be so taken out within twelve calendar months; or in case that such salt shall not be so taken out of warehouse within such twelve calendar months, then for the payment of such duty at the expiration of such twelve calendar months, which duties shall be charged according to the quantity of such salt, as the same shall be ascertained by the proper officer at the time when such salt shall be landed and warehoused as aforesaid.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no such salt shaft be put into or delivered out of any such warehouse, storehouse) or cellar, in any less quantity at one time than fifty bushels, and when and so often as the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors of such salt shall be desirous or have occasion to put any such salt into, or to take or deliver the same out of any such warehouse, storehouse, or cellar, he, she, pr they shall give twenty-four hours* previous notice thereof in writing to the storekeeper or other proper officer, specifying in such notice the day and hour of the day, when he, she, or they intends or intend to lodge or put any such salt into, or to take or deliver the same out of any such warehouse, Storehouse, or cellar, and the quantity of salt intended to be put into or delivered t out of the same 5 and such storekeeper or Other officer is hereby authorised and required to attend in pursuance of every such notice, for the purpose of receiving or delivering and taking account of the quantity of such salt accordingly: provided always, that no salt shall be received intoor*delivered out of any such ware-

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. 394

house, except between the hours of ten in the forenoon and four ifl die afternoon.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person so Salt may be warehousing such salt, shall desire to take the same out of ware- taken out n house for home consumption before the expiration of twelve ut!?ent  calendar months after the same shall have been so warehoused, it shall and may be lawful for such person so to do on paying lo the collector of the customs at the port, the full amount of the duty then payable on the importation of any such salt, according to the quantity of such salt so warehoused, as the same

fill have been ascertained at the time of its being warehoused;:

1 upon the production of the collector's receipt for such duty r

the storekeeper, it shall be lawful for him to discharge the r

tad salt, and to deliver the same to the owner thereof or to ns order, under such restrictions and regulations as the said (commissioners of customs and port-duties may from time to Ifime order, direct, and appoint.'#

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may s*lt m*y he lawful to or for any person or persons within twelve calen-it months after the importation and landing of Such salt, to and exported ike free of duty for the purpose of immediately exporting the duty-free to ime in any ship or vessel of not less burthen than forty tons to Newfound* Newfoundland for curing fish to be there caught, any quantity

"such salt not less than fifty bushels at any one time from

I out of any such storehouse, warehouse^ or cellar, at the of Waterford., Ross, Cork, Lime tick) and Tough all) upon the n or persons so takitig out such salt, first giving such and;

Hke bond and security" as hereinbefore is required and

Erected respecting salt exported \ and the giving such bond or tcurity, together with the exportation of such salt for New-undland) shall vacate the former bond or security entered into.ft die waifehousinjj of such salt, so far as the same relates, to le quantity of such salt so taken out of such warehouse, store-louse, or cellar, and exported for Newfoundland, as aforesaid:

(orided always, that such former- bond shall be and remain in jrce and effect as to all the salt specified therein, or to ^which same shall relate, except the particular quantity or quan-thereof so taken out and exported for Newfoundland as laid: provided also, that such bond so given on the exportion of such salt shall be vacated, 1 upon the like certificate asv'*hereinbefore required with respect to all other salt exported* j*

LXXIX. And be it further etiatted, That it shall and may Salt may be lawful for any person or persons importing salt in any vessel transshipped .'arriving in the harbours of Waterford, Ross, Cork, Limerick, or bortswithout Ymghall) after Invoice and entry of the same, and within being ^Ware* twenty-one days after the arrival of such salt at such port, and housed, with the consent of the said of of the customs and port-dudes, and under such regulations and restrictions as the said of shall, direct and appoint, to transship such salt, or any part thereof, in the presence of the officer or officers to fee appointed for that purpose, without landing or

39*

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87.

warehousing the same, and without payment of any duty P& die importation thereof, and to lade the same in the presence of any such officer or officers on board any ship or vessel charing out from the said ports for the Newfoundland fishery:

Provided always, that the persons so transshipping such salt shall, efore commencing the transshipment thereof, give bond for the due exportation thereof to Newfoundland, under the like regUf lations as hereinbefore is directed with respect to salt which shall have been warehoused and taken out of warehouse for exportation to Newfoundland.

Raw silk, not

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That in case any entry Irtish* plan- mac*e any raw under the name or description

tations, and raw silk of the growth or produce of his Majesty's colonie* entered as plantations, or raw silk of the growth or produce of the Unil& krf States of America, such silk so entered not being of such growtty penalty soL or Prduce, or being mixed with any raw silk not oi nu % growth or produce, all such silk so entered, and the package containing the same, shall be forfeited, and the person marind entry thereof shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds: provide^ always, that if any doubt shall arise whether such raw silk, aft any part thereof, De of such growth or produce, the proof shaf, lie on the owner or claimer thereof, and not on the informer

prosecutor.

Plantation-

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any ruma| Pirit8 Spints of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the Brid

cmfyin ships co^n^es or plantations in America shall be imported or brought of wsventy into Ireland either from the said colonies or plantations, or firafc tons or up- Great Britain, in any ship or vessel under the burthen of seten^ an^ tns* or^any ^ore*6n brandy, strong waters, or other spin# spirits ^el^n shall be imported or brought from any port or place whats^ ships of one 'ever in foreign parts into Ireland, in any ship or vessel und& hundred tons the burthen of one hundred tons, except only a quantity fii or upwards. the use Of the seamen then belonging to and on board $ug| ships and vessels respectively, and not exceeding two gallons fat^Caen of such seamen, every such ship or vessel, with all ht$

guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and also a| such rum, brandy, strong waters, or other spirits, shall in each and every such case be forfeited, and may be seized.

mixed^with

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any spirits,

sugar shall bt except the spirits called shrub> shall be imported into Irdatd, imported. with which sugar, sugar-candy, syrup, or other saccharine or glutinous substance shall be mixed, such spirits so mixed, together with the casks or vessels in which the same shall be contained, shall be forfeited and may be seized.

NoaJlowance

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no allowance S-TsSts or abatement shall be made, of any brandy, rum, geneva, or for heat or other foreign spirits imported into Ireland, on account of any wet<Up. increase or supposed increase of strength or quantity by reason of the heat of the weather, or on account of the space occupied by the measuring rule, or of what is commonly called tie wet-dip.

:, LXXXIV. And

ltofc] Aftfio regai quidragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. 393

L&XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no drawback No drawback fibril be allowed upon the exportation of any brandy or other e-

a spirits which shrill be exported from Ireland in casks or ported in containing less than one hundred gallons each, or which casks less Act be shipped on board any ship or vessel of less burthen than 100 gal-tot hundred tons; and that no drawback shall be allowed upon Jewthan ioo# (he exportation of any spirits distilled in Ireland, which shall be ton8. Cr Irish exported in casks or vessels containing less than one hundred in casks less pllons each, or which shall be shipped on board any ship or |han xoogal-essel of less burthen than seventy tons; nor upon the expor-

Pjjfk of any spirit whatever, which shall be shipped to be ionu sumed on shipboard, or for any other purpose than as merchandize.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That spirits distilled \ Ireland, and not warehoused for exportation, shall not be gpf^ts [ported from any port in Ireland, except from a port at which for exporta-ich spirits might by law be warehoused for exportation; and tion (not haY to before such spirits shall be shipped for exportation to any in8* ice except Great Britain, twenty-four hours* notice thereof ^foreign'flU be given by the person intending to export the same, to parts.

I surveyor of the customs at the port from which such bits are intended to be exported; and the proper officers of e customs shall attend the shipping of such spirits, and shall, ke an account of the quantity and quality thereof; and before Ijf permit shall be granted by the proper officer of the customs it the shipping any spirits for exportation as aforesaid, the ftqn applying for such shipping permit, if he or she be the Killer of such spirits, shall make and sign an affidavit be-to such officer, that the full duty payable by law has been id for all the spirits so intended to be shipped; and every Killer making such oath, shall produce the gauger's permit r removing the said spirits from the distillery of such di-Bler, which permit such officer of the customs shall keep; id if such spirits shall be exported by any other person than distiller thereof, then and in such case such person shall duce to such officer of the customs the permit of the officer for the removal of such spirits to the port or: e at which the 6ame shall be intended to be shipped, toge-.ker with the certificate upon the credit of which such permit granted 5 and such person shall also make and sign an act of the following import j to wit. That the spirits so intended to be shipped were received by him or her by virtue ftf some legal permit or permits, on which the certificate so; produced was granted to such person, and that the full duty payable by law has been paid for all the spirits so intended to be shipped, to the best of his knowledge and belief; and such officer of the customs shall, in either of the said cases, grant a permit annexed to or at the foot of every such affidavit, for shipping the quantity of such spirits required; and before any drawback shall be paid for any such spirits so shipped for

394

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. iji [tick

exportation, the quantity and quality or degree of strerigdk hereof, and the contents of each cask shall be certified span the debenture-paper by the surveyor and other officer who shipped and gauged the same; and the person exporting the same shall make and sign an affidavit before the Collector, comptroller, m chief officer of the port from whence the same shall be exported, of the quantity of spirits so shipped, and the ship and master* name, and to what place bound; and that all such spirits se shipped for exportation shall be subject and liable to all sad other rules and regulations as are in this act contained, for or k respect of any goods, wares, or merchandize shipped for exportation to foreign parts.

Shrub shall

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all 9hrub or oths pay duty as mixed spirits imported into Irelindy shall be deemed and taka u ge spin s.^8jngje spirit or spirits perfectly made, and shall pay tiu highest duty which single spirits of the growth, produce, manufacture of the place from which such shrub shall be ii* ported are liable to, unless the same shall appear by the hydro meter to be of a strength greater than single spirits.

Colonial cer-

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon the aniul tificate shall of any ship or vessel from ally of the British colonies or pi be produced rations in America or the West Indies, with sugars on board, t the' port of her discharge in Ireland, the master or other per such sugars having the charge of the ship or vessel, shall at the time Ushall be makes his report of the cargo, deliver to the collector, cony charged as troller, or other chief officer of customs, such certificate a i

ore, En* required to be given by the master of such ship lading in sri to sail from any of the said colonies to Great Britdiny and mah oath that the goods so imported are the same that ate mentioned in the said certificate, or in default thereof shall one hundred pounds; and all sugars imported without such certificate shall be deemed to be foreign sugars, and not of m growth, product, or manufacture of the British colonies, anil shall pay duty accordingly.

Clayed su-

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That ai ftusccmder sugar shall be deemed Muscovado sugar within tb

On proof*meaning of this or any other act or acts in force in Irehnli that no fraud and if any sugar shall be imported into Ireland, as being of the ii intended, growth, product, or manufacture of any of the British colonies fc^entered^as or plantations in America or the West Indies, without being in-of the plan- eluded in such certificate, and that it shall appear to the saltations, faction of the commissioners of customs and port-duties, that though not such sugars are really the product, growth, or manufacture of such certifi- any suc^ co^on'es or plantations, and that no fraud was intended, cate. it shall be lawful for the said of to permit suehsugan

to be entered, upon payment of the like duties as the same woukl be liable to if they were attended with and included in such' certificate.

What shall

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no drawback or* considered bounty shall be allowed upon any sugar which shall be refined #u*ar andn Ire"*nd, and be exported from thence, unless the same shall

by V

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. 39$

be exported in the loaf complete and whole} being net; that is entitled to to ujy of one uniform whiteness throughout, and shall have bounty.

through the operation of two or' ntore clays since it waa to; in the pan, and shall have been properly and thoroughly dried in the stove, according to the present practice of refining,

St upon such refined sugar called bastards or ground, pow^ ieftd, or refined sugar, cf refined loaf-sugar broken in pieces,

Itoless the same shall have been twice clayed and properly dried jk the stove, or upon any candy, unless properly refined and scanufactured, and freed from dirt or scum.

XG. And be it further enacted, That if anV refined sugars^ Loaves of imonJy called lumps, being in loaves, snail have gone sugar deemed ugh the operation of three clays at least since they were last without the the pan, and shall be net, and shall have been thoroughly tips, edin the stove in the manner hereinbefore directed, though sech loaves be exported without the small ends or tips, they toll be deemed complete and whole within the true intent and leaning of this act, and the exporter or exporters of the same,

nil receive the drawback or bounty accordingly.

(XCI. And be it further enacted, That if any officer of the '

Itoms shall upon view or examination, either before or after duly refined, e shipping, find that any sugar or candy which shall be &c. may be fered for exportation in order to obtain the bounties or draw- seized, and eks thereon, shall be less in quantity than expressed in the ex* fir"

fetter's entry, or entered-under a* wrong denomination, or if e ars shall not be respectively refined in the manner before or if such candy be not properly refined and manu-Etsted, and freed from dirt or scum, all such sugars or gdy shall be forfeited, and shall and maybe seized by such

C0L And be it further enacted, That before any

ibeunty shall he paid for any of the sugars or candy herein-

fere mentioned, being of the manufacture of Ireland, or any porter of re*

Ventures made out for the same, the refiner or refiners hot fined sugars

king the exporter or exporters of such sugars or candy, shall that duties

toke an oath before the collector or comptroller of the Port sugars were

am whence such sugars or candy shall be exported, or where duly paid*

ich sugars or candy were refined, that hey she, or they $ol4

ich sugars or candy, expressing the quantity and time when

id, -to the person or persons intending to export the same, and

feat such sugars have respectively gone through the operations

ereinbefore expressed, and have been properly and thoroughly

ried in the stove, or that such candy has been properly refined

!fed manufactured, according to the true intent and meaning of

is act; and that he, she, or they verily believes or believe such

igars or candy were produced from brown or Muscovado

igars, of the growth or product of his Majesty's plantations if*

Unerica or the West Indies, and imported from thence or from 'rftrt Britain, and that the several duties payable thereon were uly paid; and the exporter or exporters of such* sugars or

j(candy

396 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. [1806.

candy, shall then make oath before such collector or comptroller that such sugars or candy, for which such bounty or drawback is then claimed, are the identical sugars or candy, or part thereof, which were sold to him or them as aforesaid by such refiner or refiners; and before the money due upon such debenture or debentures shall be paid, such exporter or ex* porters shall make oath, in the manner herein directed, that such sugars or candy have been duly exported, and the pro* per officer of the customs at the port respectively from wtrici such sugars or candy shall be exported, shall certify that tis same have been fairly shipped, and all other requisites duly formed; and whenever the refiner or refiners of such sugars* candy shall be the exporter or exporters thereof, such export# or exporters shall then make oath or affirmation in mamHf aforesaid, as well of the due exportation of the same, as of several particulars hereinbefore directed to be sworn by w# exporter or exporters, excepting what relates to the sale of said sugars or candy, according to the true intent and meamqg of this act.

43 CXCIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of an 2# to certificate^ ma<*enhe forty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, id of landing tituled, An act to amend so much of an act made in this session i tea in Ireland, parliament for granting additional duties of excise, as' relates to JJR P*exportation of tea to Ireland; for regulating the granting of pemdi 15- sect. 14!] f0*removal of coffee* tea, and cocoa-nuts out of warehouse; of for more ffectuatiy securing the duties on coffee, as enacts, That the certificate of the due landing in Ireland of any quantity of exported from England, shall be produced to and left with thf proper collector of the customs and officer of excise respective!# within two months after the date of the bond or security or entered into in respect of the exportation of such tea, tat that it shall be a condition of such bond that such certifia* shall be actually produced to and left with such collector of M customs and officer of excise respectively within such two months after the date as aforesaid, shall oe and the same it hereby repealed.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person in A* land shall dye, fabricate, or manufacture any sloe-leaves, liquorice-leaves, or the leaves of tea that have been used, or the leave* of any other tree, shrub, or plant in imitation of tea, or that mix, colour, stain, or dye such leaves or tea with terra japonic* sugar, melasses, clay, logwood, or with any other ingredients or materials whatsoever, or shall sell, vend, utter, or offer or expose to sale, or shall have in his, her, or their custody or possession any such dyed, fabricated, or manufactured leaves in imitation of tea, or any such coloured, stained, or dyed leaves* or tea mixed with any of the ingredients before mentioned, or with any other ingredient whatsoever, such person or persons hall respectively for every pound of such leaves so dyed, fehri-cated, or manufactured in imitation of tea, and for every pound

Penalty oq dying doe-leaves, &c. and mixing them with tea, 10l. per lb. and forfeiture.

397

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87.

of such mixed, coloured, stained, or dyed leaves and tea, forfeit ttd pay the sum of ten pounds, and all such leaves and tea JM be forfeited and may be seized.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful Tobacco may \M import any tobacco at any port or place in Ireland, save and be imported pcept the ports of Dublin, Drogheda, Dundalk, Netvry, Belfast, taiJport* tfnm, Limerick, Londonderry, Cork, Youghall, Waterford, Wex- enumerated.* rd9 Kinsale, and Strangford; and if any ship or vessel shall be And within the limits of any other port, harbour, haven, or Sek within Ireland, having tobacco on board in any packages Atsoever, or shall be discovered so to have been, save only i except in case of unavoidable necessity and distress (of ach necessity and distress the master, purser, or other person ring or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, ill immediately, after the arrival of such ship or vessel in ch port, harbour, haven, or creek, give notice in writing, and tk* proof before the collector or other chief officer of the ktoms resident at such port or place where such ship or vessel kD arrive), such ship or vessel, with all her guns, tackle, fur-ture, ammunition, and apparel, and also the tobacco on board dl be forfeited.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be law- Spirits, teas, to impqyt any brandy, rum, or other spirits, or any teas, j",

i, or coffee, without licence from the of of the^inerted items ancLport-duties, or some officer appointed by them for only atto-t purpose of granting such licence, at or into any place or port bacco-ports. Ireland, save only such places or ports where tobacco may by r be imported, and the ports of the shire-towns of counties,

the ports of New-Ross, Coleraine, Westport, and Larne; and say ship or vessel shall be found within the limits of any iff port, haven, or creek within Ireland, ' having brandy, rum, other spirits, or any teas, wines, or coffee on board in any ckages whatsoever, without a coast-cocket for such goods, or fehout a licence as aforesaid having been previously obtained* shall be discovered so to have been, save only and except in le of unavoidable necessity and distress (of which necessity id distress the master, purser, or person having or taking the arge or command of such ship or vessel, shall immediately tt die arrival of such ship or vessel iri such port, haven, or sek, give notice in writing, and make proof before the col-titer, or other chief officer of customs at the port where such ip or vessel shall arrive) such ship or vessel with all her ins, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and also all bndy, rum, or other spirits, teas, wines, or coffee on board,

All be forfeited: provided nevertheless, that it shall and may'lawful to have so much tea, brandy, rum, or other spirits "the use of the seamen then belonging to and on board such ip or vessel, as shall not exceed in quantity two gallons Of spiritSj and one pound of tea for every seaman.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Tobacco of to import directly from the territories or dominions

longing

S90

Turkey may

States of America.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. C.S7.[1806.

longing to the Emperor of Russia, and the Ottoman or Ttniash into tobacco- EmPire> or through Great Britain respectively, in firituh or ports in Ire- ^rts^ built ships, owned, navigated, and registered according land, and to law, into any of the ports in Ireland, into which tobacco

warehoused may by law be imported, and to enter, land, and lodge orj as^tc&acoo of securen any warehouse or warehouses provided according to the United law for the reception of tobacco in Ireland, any tobacco being the growth or product of any of the aforesaid territories m dominions, and that such tobacco may be exported from frAdl in like manner, or entered for home-trade or consumption i Ireland, on payment of the like duties as tobacco of the grot*or product of the United States of America may be export

from Ireland, or entered for home-trade or consumption Ireland respectively at the time; and the exporter of ss tobacco being of the growth or product of any of the afd said territories or dominions, shall, upon the said tobacco bei] manufactured in Ireland, and exported according to law, ! entitled to and allowed such and the like drawbacks as a severally and respectively allowed upon the same sorts andd t scriptions of tobacco manufactured from tobacco of the gros

or product of the United States of America, legally export - from Ireland.

Allowance for XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That an allowance* draft, 8cc. of^8caje sjlajj jje ma(je of eight pounds for draft of every pal age that shall contain four hundred and fifty pounds weight tobacco or more, and two pounds for every such package: nailage, which allowance on tobacco shall not be deducted < exportation.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That no wine of I

tobacco.

Portugal wine

may be imported in hogsheads only.

growth or produce of Portugal shall be imported into In or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, in any jar, cask, or other vessel which shall not contain sixtygallons at least, upon pain that all such wine, and the be

1'ar, cask, or vessel in which such wine shall be contained,

>e forfeited, and may be seized.

Unmerchant- C. And be it further enacted, That in case any merchant bellied ot^ier Person shall his wine, or any part thereof in II

p*judgement so damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, as uottj

be worth the duties, in such case such merchant shall liberty, immediately after the landing the said wines in bd to stave and spill the same in the presence of such officer officers as shall be appointed for that purpose by the said < missioners of customs and port-duties, or by the collector*other chief officer of the port where the said wines shall tt imported; and that the merchant so staving and spilling wines shall be repaid the whole duty paid by him for the sam^ without any delay, charge, fee, or deduction, on any pretence whatsoever.

All wines Cl. And be it further enacted, That act wifces imported into tered^ MfiSol shall be entered and charged with duty as nlkd wines

M and not otherwise, without any allowance thereon for Jeaiap

or

pnsage*

1806.| Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. 399

or otherwise: provided always, that nothing herein contained dalj extend to alter the prisage or butlerage of wine upon the tajotation of the same.

CU. Andj for securing the duty on wood imported into Ireland, k it enacted, That every importer or proprietor of wood so Regulations &Dorted, and subject to duty by the load of fifty cubic feet, it by the ton, shall give twenty-four hours' notice to the sur- j, g dutyPon" jkfor or landwaiter appointed to attend the discharge of the wood im-np or vessel in which such wood shall be imported, of the ported, be and place when and where the admeasurement of the same (Wended to take place, 'and such admeasurement shall not take Ice at any other time than between the hours of ten in the suing and three in the afternoon, unless with consent of the leers attending; and such importer or proprietor shall cause such wood to be so placed, as to enable the officer or officers the customs, and his and their assistants, with ease and nvenience, to take the dimensions of every piece of wood i imported; and no such wood shall be carried or conveyed layby such importer or proprietory nor shall be discharged fore it shall be so measured, and the dimensions thereof taken the officer, and the duty thereon paid according to law; and any importer or proprietor of such wood shall neglect or use give such notice, or to afford such assistance to the or officers as is herein required, or shall carry or convey any such wood before the same shall be so measured ie officer, and the duty be paid as aforesaid, then and in.try speh case, such importer or proprietor shall forfeit and pay sum of two hundred pounds.

OH. And be further enacted, That all lamb-skins and Exportation ol of lamb-skins may be separately exported; and no lamb- of lamb-^kina ds whether slink or slaughtered, from which the wool shall ^, 00|amb"

1 have been taken, shall be exported from Ireland to any ice whatsoever except Great Britain, under the penalty of the rfeiture thereof.

[CIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where Duties on y wine shall be landed or entered on bill of view, the im- wine landed rter, proprietor, or consignee thereof shall not remove such w* g^ne until an account thereof shall be taken, and the quantity secured by d quality thereof ascertained by the proper officer, and there- bond, ion such wine shall be laid up or stored in his Majesty's wehouses at the risk and expence of such importer, proprietor,

' consignee; and in case such wine shall ndt be removed and 1

ken away by the importer, proprietor, or consignee thereof, id all duties thereon duly paid and satisfied within fourteen tys after such account shall have been so taken, and the quan-5py and quality ascertained, and the same shall have been $ored as aforesaid, the importer, proprietor, or consignee of inch wine, shall within the said fourteen days enter into a bond t to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with two sureties in Rouble the amount of such duties conditioned for payment of

400

Drawback on wine may be paid, if exported within five years.

[See 45 O 3. c. 18. sec. 15.]

Certain goods warehoused under Existing acts may be exported free of duty.

No allowance by portage-bills.

Hours of attendance by officers at custom-house quay.

Brokers shall be liable to surcharges as proprietors.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. [1806.

such duties within two years after the date of such bond, which bond the collector and comptroller of the port Wljiit' such wine shall be so landed is hereby empowered totakef and in case the said bond for securing the said duties shalf noif be given manner aforesaid within the said fourteen days, in case all the duties payable on such wine shall not be before the expiration of the said two years, then, and in of such cases, it shall and may be lawful for the said cq sioners of customs and port-duties, or for the collector or chief officer of the port, to cause all such wine to be pul sold by auction or inch of candle as soon as conveniently can after the said fourteen days or two years respect* and after such sale the produce thereof shall be first aj towards the payment of duties and of the storeage other charges thereon, and the overplus, if any, shall be dered and paid to the proprietor, or the person lawfully aui rised to receive the same: provided always, that one mo notice of such sale shall be given in such manner as is reqi with respect to the sale of other goods, wares, and mei landed on bill of view.

CV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any imported into Ireland may be exported from thence at any within five years from the importation thereof, and the backs and allowances on the exportation of such wine si may be paid and allowed at any time during such five any thing in any act or acts in force in Ireland to the coi notwithstanding.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may lawful for any person who shall have deposited any wipe sugar in any of his Majesty's warehouses in Ireland, by fir of this act or any act or acts in force at the time of the of this act, to export such wines and sugar without pa1 of any duties thereon; any thing in any act or acts in force Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That no allowance or of money by bills, usually called portage-bills, shall be paid any master of any ship or vessel; any law, usage, or custom the contrary notwithstanding.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several offi< of customs shall give constant and due attendance in their spective offices, stations, and businesses, and at the custt house quays and stores, from the hour of ten of the clock the forenoon, to the hour of three of the clock in the afternc of every day in the year, Sundays and holidays excepted, for I dispaten of business, instead of attending at the several hoi during which they were formerly required to attend.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That where any bi shall make and sign an entry of any goods, wares, or merck dize, in the name or for the use of any other person or perso every such broker shall be liable to and pay any surcharge

81

40i

j8q6j Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87.

witft which such goods, wares, or merchandize shall tyjjur pe chargeable, as well as the actual importer and pro-jpetpr of such goods, wares, or merchandize,

CX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he Surveyors Jprful for the surveyor or surveyors of the customs at any port may r0Te #ktfoul, and they are hereby required, to take and remove all quays goods, wares, and merchandize imported, which shall be suf- two working iLTed to continue on the custom-house quay for any space days, of time more than two working days after the same shall have Wen taken an account of by the proper officer, and to lodge tile same in his Majesty's stores at such port, until the duties hereon shall be paid or secured to be paid, and also until all eiponces of such removal and storing shall be paid and satisfied by the owner or proprietor of such goods, or the person to whom the same were consigned, together with the further sum of iive pounds; and in case such owner, proprietor, or con-signep, shall refuse or neglect to pay such expences, and also uch sum of five pounds, within the space of one month next ifter the same shall be so removed into his Majesty's stores, it dull be lawful for such surveyor or surveyors to sell the same by publick auction, and to apply the money arising therefrom ihe payment of such duties and expences, and the said sum ifive pounds, and the costs and charges attending such sale, tendering back any overplus thereof to such owner or owners of fttch goods or merchandize.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That no goods, wares, or No private merchandize shall be sold by auction on afiy custom-house lotion on juay, unless the same shall be sold by order of the commis- custom-house oners of customs and port-duties; and if any person or quays without ersons shall sell or attempt to sell any goods, wares, or mer- permission of tandize by auction on any such quay, contrary to this act, 6ttrveyr* uch person or persons shall for every offence forfeit the sum f ten pounds: provided always, that it shall be lawful for ny person or persons to sell or dispose by auction any damaged cods, wares, or merchandize which shall be landed on such ujys, with the permission of the surveyor or surveyors of the ustoms at the port for the time being.

CXII. Andy to prevent idle and disorderly persons from fre-the custom-house quays of the ports of Dublin and Cork,

'dr pretence of plying and acting as porters on the same, by dich the property of individuals has in many instances been pur-wdy be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any person Regulating ply or act as porter on the custom-house quays of the ports of p^te8rof>n % biin or Cork, or in the stores of the said custom-houses, or >ublin and ither of them, until such person shall be first approved of by the Cork.

vors of the said quays or stores respectively, and receive from hem, in testimony of such approbation, a badge signifying the une, which badge shall be delivered to every such person with-it fee or reward; and if any person shall ply or act as porter irthe said quays, or either of them, or in the said stores, nfilbadged and approved of as aforesaid, such person being

Regulating of carmen on Dublin quay.

Appointing places of discharge for hips at Dublin quay.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. [1806.

thereof convicted before any magistrate of the cities of Dut&n or Cork respectively, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, am} in default of payment of the said sum, shall be imprisoned for one month without bail or mainprize.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall take any goods, wares, or merchandize from off the custom-house quay of Dublin, without first obtaining from the proper officers gate note, permitting such goods, wares, and merchandize to if taken away, such person shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, \ gether with the cart, car, or other draft, and the horse or 1 or other beasts of burthen drawing or carrying the same 5 cart, car, or other draft, and such horse or horses, or other ! of burthen, may be seized for such offence by any officer customs, and in default of payment of such penalty, every person so offending shall be imprisoned for one month bail or mainprize.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That the commisskme customs, and port-duties, or any three of them, or such \ they or any three of them, shall empower for that purpose, t appoint such place as he or they shall think proper for every or vessel arriving at the custom-house quay in the port of to discharge the cargo of such ship or vessel \ and that it j ' be lawful for the master or other person having the command of such ship dr vessel to discharge the cargo or; _ *thereof at any other place than the place so to be appointed^the master or other person having the charge of such vessel offending herein, shall forfeit the sum of ten pot: every such offence.

CXV. And whereas fires frequently happen among shipping \ at the several quays, or being in the docks of or belonging to the custom-houses in Ireland, and goods, wares, and merchandize f such quays, or deposited in his Majestfs stores, are often end by such fires; for remedy thereof be it enacted, That no - mate, or other person, having the charge of any ship,

in'd^kf. lp* g^hard, wherry, barge, boat, or other vessel lying at of the quays, or being in any dock of or belonging to any Majesty's custom-houses in Ireland, or lying contiguous to a his Majesty's stores, shall have or keep, or permit or suffer tSj had or kept, any fire on board such ship, lighter, gabbard, 1 barge, boat, or other vessel, for any use or purpose wha (except candlelight); and it shall De lawful for any per pointed by the of of customs and port-duties I board any such ship, and to remove or extinguish any fire i shall be kept on board any ship contrary to this act; and ini any such master, mate, or other person shall keep or permit] such fire to be kept, or shall obstruct or prevent any authorised from removing or extinguishing the same, master, mate, or other person shall forfeit die sum of pounds for every such offence.

Penalty on hating fires

CXVI. Ari

4 3

Al] penalties payable in British currency, and recoverable as undercustoms or excise acts; 14, 15 C. a. c. 8, See.

46 G. 3. C. 106.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, shall be paid and ^covered m British currency, and shall and may be sued for, recorded, levied, and applied in such manner and form, and by ifchways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are Ascribed, directed, and appointed in and by an act, of par-ptoient, made in Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of fc* reign of his late majesty. King Charles the Second, intituled,

[act for the settling of the excise or new impost upon his Majesty,

' irs and successors, according to the book of rates therein inserted; and by an act of parliament, made in Ireland in the said four-and fifteenth years of his late majesty King Charles the d, intituled An act for settling the sub si die of poundage, and ing a subsidie of tunnage, and other sums of money unto his royal ie> his heirs and successors, the same to be paid upon merchan-'/ imported and exported into or out of the kingdom of Ireland, action book of rates hereunto annexed; or in and by any act made e made in this present session of parliament to provide for better execution of the several acts relating to the revenues, and things under the management of the of stoms, and port-duties, and of the of id excise and taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other act in force in Ireland relating to the said revenues, matters, things, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all intents,

fictions, and purposes, as if the same were particularly men-, and expressed, and re-enacted in this act, with like remedy al to and for the party or parties who shall think him, her, iselves aggrieved or injured, as is provided in and by the act of excise, or by any other act or acts in force in Ireland g to the said revenues, matters, and things, or either of

7JJ, And be it further enacted, That this act shall com-Commence-and take effect on and from the twenty-ninth day ofment* yUmber one thousand eight hundred and six.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

I act to provide for the regulating and securing the collection of the faties on spirits distilled in Ireland, and the warehousing of such ffiritt for exportation.

[July 12, 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the better securing r Y the duties of excise on spirits distilled in Ireland, and for en-

(Paging the exportation of such spirits, by warehousing the same

ihoutpayment of duty; be it enacted, by the King's most ex-

Beiif majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

fds spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-

meat assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no

rspn or persons shall have, or keep, or make use of, any still or

ber utensil for distilling spirits in Ireland, without having first licence from

tained a licence for keeping and using the same from the com- commission-

D D 2 missioners ers of excise.

404

Form of licence.

One licence for partners.

Minors, be* ing distillers, made liable to this act.

Mode of estimating contents of still.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. % t'k [t8o

riissioners of his Majesty's revenue of inland expire in babmf, in the form following j (that is to say),

[ B. of is [or A.B. and C.D. of

are] hereby licensed to have, keep, and make use still [or, stills fatter mentioned; that is to say, i

c No. I. A still, the body whereof contains and which said still, with the head thereof, and every thereto included, contains gallons; the

the said still at the widest part thereof most remote font bottom, being inches; the altitude of the said still

the centre of the said diameter to the bottom, being inches; the diameter of the bottom of the said still, taken inj horizontal line, being inches; and the diameter

the bottom of the neck of the said still, being [And) in case of more than one still, also, one other still, (that say),

c No. II. A still, specifying in like manner^ every still with the number, contents, and dimensions thereof for which such cence shall be granted.] The said still [or, stills] to be had, and used in the distillery of the said A.B. [or, A.B. and ( situate at in the parish of i

county [city, or town] of

Tnis licence to reniain in full force until the day of September next ensuing the date hereof. Witness my [or, our hands] this day of one

eight hundred and E.F. C<

excise.

E.R1

G. H. > Commissioners of Eicbe* t LK.\ i

L. M* Secretary to the commission of excise.' i

Provided always, That persons in partnership carrying on A business of distilling shall not be obliged to take out more tfcfl one such licence.

Witness,

II. And be it further enacted, That this act, and all i therein contained, shall extend, and be construed to < any person under the age of twenty-one years, in whose or for whose use or benefit any distillery shall be exercised, i naged, or carried on, and such person shall be liable to aH C of excise on account of such distillery, and to all penalties i forfeitures under this act, as fully, to all intents and proposes, if such person were adult" and ot full age.

III. And be it further enacted, That, for the pu rposeofcfad ing the duty on spirits, the content of any still shall be estjinitai according to the quantity of liquor which such*still* (incSdiTO the head thereof, and every appendage to such still or taA <3r

soy

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88.

kind or sort whatsoever, whereby such still or the head thereof, 4r any part thereof, shall be connected or shall any way commu-_ ideate With the Worn,) shall be actually capable of containing; tod if any still in the distillery of any distiller shall exceed by four

Sts or inore the content specified in the licence to such di-p as being the content of such still, the person or persons in f possession the same shall be found, or who shall have used Ve same shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds $ and if any still in pe distillery of any distiller shall exceed by twenty galions, orlsre* the content specified in the licence to such distiller, as ifeg the content of such still, the person or persons in whose ession the same shall be found, or who shall have used the , shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; and every still so exceeding in content shall in all cases be deemed an ised still, and shall be forfeited and may be seized.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every still for distilling spirits in Ireland shall be of the proportions following: the aeter of such still, to be taken in the widest part of such still, ht that place of such widest part as shall be most remote from bottom of such still, shall be to the altitude of such still, as-ned in a perpendicular line from the centre of the diameter: en to the bottom of such still, in the proportion of not more three to one, that is to say, for every inch of such altitude, diameter shall not exceed three inches, and so in propor-; and that the'diameter of the bottom of such still, to be in an horizontal line, shall not be equal to the greatest ter thereof taken as aforesaid, and shall not be less than fifths of such greatest diameter, nor shall the bottom of any still be otherwise curved than inwards or towards the body such still.

V. And be it further enacted, That before any such licence tall be granted to any person to have, keep, or make use of any hill or stills, the person applying for the same shall transmit to fce commissioners of excise in Dublin, a drawing or representa-tm of each and every still for which such person shall require a Rente, setting forth the number, content, shape, dimensions, hi proportions of such still, measured and specified according to the directions of this act, for their approbation5 and in case Kch of shall disapprove of any such still or stills for tot being conformable to such directions, or otherwise, it shall tad may be lawful for them, and they are hereby empowered to fcftjse gtanting a licence for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every person requiring llth licence shall also make out, sign, and deliver to the collector if the district, an account in writing, to be entered and registered h the officfe of excise of the district in which such still or other ttensH for distilling is to be kept or used, containing his, her, or heir name or names, and place or places of abode; and the place vherelhe distillery containing such still or other utensil is or shall Je situated; and the number of stills, still heads, and worms, in-endedto be kept there; and tht number of g^qi}s which the

body

405

Penalty on still exceeding content licensed, by galions, xo/. If by ao galions, 500l.

Still shall be made in certain proportions.

Description of stills required to be licensed shall be sent to the commissioners of excise.

To obtain such licence, the party shall mak6 out account to be entered in the excise* office, containing the particulars of his name, and the cogpr*

46

tents of his stills, coppers, and stores, of which entrf the collector shall give a certificate.

Oath and bond of party licensed.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88.

body of each such still is capable of containing; and alan the number of gallons which each such still is capable of containing, together with the head thereof, and every other appendage, thereto included, separately set forth; and shall also in like manner make out, sign, and deliver an account in writing, to be so entered and registered as aforesaid, of all coppers, vats, keeves, backs, cooha^gj Vessels, and other utensils whatever, to be used in such distillery and also of the several stores, apartments, and places wherein any part of the business of such distillery is to be carried on, or wh* any materials for distilling of spirits, or any spirits are to bej or stored, with a ground-plan of the whole; and in such account, the person making the same shall distinguish ever; still, still-head, or worm, and also every such copper, vat,

-back, cooler, vessel, and other utensil, and also every such apartment, and place, by separate numbers relating to article, in arithmetical progression, beginning with Number, and shall in the ground-plan set forth the situation of the respectively; and upon every such still, still-head, or worm, upon every such copper, vat, keeye, back, cooler, vessel^ utensil, and also upon the outside of the door of every suchi apartment, and place, shall paint, or cause to be painted, oil-colour in black or white, and shall keep thereon so, the number thereof respectively in conformity with such aco.and that the surveyor of excise within whose survey such di shall be situate, shall at the bottom of every such account, the same shall be delivered to or received by the collector, the truth of such account, by signing his name thereto, thereupon the collector of excise of the district shall file, or < and register such account in the office of excise of the district, shall grant a certificate of such account and registry, by a copy thereof, signed by him; and such account and, rc and every such certificate thereof, shall be evidence on any tion that shall or may arise, or on any information in coi of or touching any of the provisions of this act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That before any such shall be granted to any person to keep any still, such person produce to the person authorised to grant such licence the certificate of the collector of excise; and the person req such licence- shall also take and subscribe the oath folio (that is to say).

' T J.B. of A I will nol

distiller, do make oa not use, or suffer to be used, any copper for^dis or making any low wines, singlings, or spirits, or for any i purpose than boiling water or small worts of a preceding brex, mixed with water for brewing pot-ale, or water for cleaning I vessels in my distillery $ and that I will not use, or su&ertt used, any still in making or distilling spirits from wash,: wines, or singlings, other than the identical still and sqlls previously entered and registered in the office of excise; and thpf I will not use or work, or suffer to be used or worked, air ksoIThk

>ogIe stOBng I

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88.

dilriHing spirits from wash, low wines, or singlings, of which Office shall have been given by me to discontinue work, without Iping given such notices as are required by law to be given of qjftta commencing to work; and that I will not directly or in* uhctly be concerned in the rectifying or compounding of any l^kits during such time as I shall be licensed to diktil spirits.

: Of So help me GOD. 1

9,

I each person shall also, with two sufficient sureties, enter ibond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in a penalty > the rate of five pounds for each gallon of the content of t stili to be licensed, the body and head inelusive, condi-for the payment of all such sum and sums of money as I be chargeable by law on such person for the duties on i or strong waters distilled by such person, or with which; person shall be charged under and by virtue of this r or any other act or acts in force in Ireland relating to such

407

And be it further enacted, That every such licence to, keep, or make use of any still or stills, shall be signed by more of the said of of inland excise in Ireland,

still to be licensed is situated many city, town, or borough, ng a member to parliament; and by three of the said com-iers at least, if such still be situated in any other part of ls and shall be of force from the date thereof, until tenintlrday of September then next following, and /no

And be it further enacted, That no licence shall be granted _ j keeping or using any still, the body whereof, without the 'or any other appendage thereto, snail not be capable of ' ig five hundred gallons at the least. i And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful smdconuniMoners of inland excise, in their discretion, to to grant any such licence to any person or persons to keep or stills; and also to withdraw any such licence in case I still or stills for which such licence shall be granted shall ed to any place other than the place mentioned in such or in case such person so licensed shall have been con-of any fraud or offence against the laws, which shall sub-such person to a penalty of twenty pounds or upwards; and and may also be lawful for such commissioners of excise, le to grant a licence to any person to keep any still or in any distillery which shall have been occupied by any so convicted.

And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-tile said commissioners of excise, or any three of them, JPgmnt, without any fee, a licence for one or more still or Ws to be kept and used at apothecaries' hall in Dublin, of any dimensions or content as such of shall think fit, fela9shall.be specified in such licence; and that it shall and tftay be lawful for any one of the said commissioners of excise,

Licences shall designed by one commissioner in qities, and by three elsewhere, and shall be in force to 19th $ept. yearly.

No still to be licensed under 500 gallons.

Commissioners may refuse or revoke licences.

Licences to apothecaries' hall, chemists, apothecaries, &c.

4q8 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. Mi plot.

or any collector of excise within his district, upon application " for that purpose, to grant, without any fee, a licence to any

chemist, apothecary, or druggist, to keep or make use of one or more still or stills of such dimensions, not exceeding twelve gallons content, and no other, as shall be specified in such licence for distilling medicinal compounds or cordials, or cordial or medical waters only; and that it shall be lawful for the said commissioners of excise, or any three of them, to grant a licence to any such person or persons as they shall think proper, to keep or make use of one or more still or stills, at their discretion, not exceeding twelve gallons content each, for the distilling of medical waters, or for making experiments and discoveries in natural philosophy; and all such licences shall be in force until the twenty-ninth day of September next ensuing the date thereof respectively: provided, that before any such licence shall be granted for any still or stills at apothecaries' hall in Dubltr, the treasurer or clerk of the company of apothecaries there, or some person to be appointed by the said company, and to be approved of by the said commissioners of excise, shall enter into a bond to his Majesty, in a penalty after the rate of ten pounds for each gallon content of each such still to be licensed, conditioned that such still or stills shall not be used or employed in distilling any spirits whatever, other than and except medicinal compounds and cordial waters; and that before any such licence, shall be granted to any chemist, apothecary, druggist, or other person applying for the same, such chemist, apothecary, druggist, or other person shall, previous to the granting of such licence, enter into a bond to his Majesty, with one or more*sureties, in the sum of one hundred pounds, conditioned that such chemist, apothecary, druggist, or other person, shall nor distil or sell any spirits whatsoever other than and except medicinal compounds and cordial waters, nor lend or let out any such still to any person whatsoever; and in case of any breach of the condition of any such bond, the licence in respect of which such bond was given, shall, immediately after judgement had upon such bond, be null and void.

Licence to

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

distil oil of lawful for the said commissioners of excise, or any three of

turpentine. them, upon application for that purpose, to grant, without fee or reward, a licence to any person or persons resident in or in the vicinity of any city or town corporate in Ireland\ to keep or make use of one or more still or stills of any such dimensions or content, and no other, as such of shall think fit, and as shall be specified in such licence, for the purpose of distilling or rectifying of oil of turpentine or spiriti of turpentine, or for the purpose of distilling of any chemical or essential oils; and such licence shall be in force until the twenty-ninth day of September next ensuing the date therec: respectively: provided, that before any such licence shall be granted, every person applying for the same, shall, previous to the granting of such licence, enter into a bond to his Ma-

jcStV,

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. 469

'jatfiwith one or more surety or sureties, in a penalty, after As tite of ten pounds for each gallon-of the content of each ttH to be licensed* conditioned that such person shall not m or sell any spirits whatsoever* other than and except oil A terpentine or spirits of turpentine, or the chemical or essen-ttt eds mentioned in such licence; and that such person shall*iot lend or let omt such still to any person whatsoever; and in me ef any breach of the condition of such bond, such licence Asti* immediately after judgement had upon such bond, be " tt and void* provided also, that every person, so licensed, shall subject and liable to the visits of any officer of excise, and web of the rules and regulations in this act contained, as commissioners of excise shall, from time to time, think ne-to enforce, for preventing any fraud against this act by n parties so licensed.

XuL And be it farther enacted, That no person licensed as Distillers " ttHer under this act, shall rectify or compound any spirits; ahaljnot be that it shall not be lawful for the said of ofrecUficr* to grant any licence to rectify or compound spirits to such distiller so licensed Under this act, or to any person ^trnst or for the account of such distiller; and if such di- Penalty |oo/

shall rectify or compound any spirits, or shall be directly b indirectly concerned or engaged in the rectifying or com-Imding of spirits, such distiller shall for every such offence ifefc the sum of fife hundred pounds, and the licence of such under this act shall be and is hereby declared to be

h And be it further enacted, That no distiller shall be Distiller shall i to sell or deal in home-made spirits not distilled ^y^'Stor distiller, or to sell or deal in foreign spirits on commission wise; and that no distiller shall receive or deal in or spirits by commission or otherwise, except such spirits State been distilled in some distillery of such distiller entered and licensed according to this act; and if any such Penalty ioo/. shall receive or sell, dr deal in any home-made or foreign by commission, or otherwise, contrary to this act, such shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hun-ipounds.

fcXV. And be it farther enacted, That no distiller shall brew ^iitfllerf make any liquor from com malted or unmalted, other than !ie or beer* "3, to ne distilled by him; and it shall be lawful for any of excise to charge all liquor made or brewed from com ' on on malted, in the possession of any distiller, in the same ler as pot-ale or wash, for the purpose of distilling, is by act chargeable; and in ease any pot-ale or liquor brewed or from com malted or unmalted, shall be found in the posit of such distiller, not duly declared by him, such distiller retail forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, together with the sum -rf Wretoty drillings for every ten gallons of such pot-ale or other 'Ityttr; provided always, that it shall be lawful for every such

fnnal distiller

forfeiture.

410 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. [1806.

distiller to have in his dwelling-house a reasonable quantity of beer and ale for the use of himself and his family; such ak or beer not having been brewed by such distiller.

Penalty on

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any distiller doll persons for the making of, or in the distilling of any low wines, singtmgv sdilorUtensil or sP*rtSj or Ir brewing* making, fermenting, or preparing or apparatus* an7 wort> wash, or pot-ale, wherewith or where from to distil low. not registered wines, singlings, or spirits, or for or in any process appertaining' 5ocl. and or relating thereto respectively, have, or keep or make use of any still, still-head, worm, copper, keeve, vat, cooler, back, or otbnt vessel or utensil whatever, or any appendage or apparatus whaMN ever, communicating or connected directly or indirectly w* any still, still-head, worm, or copper, or any part thereof 1st spectively, such still, still-head, worm, copper, keeve, vstf} cooler, back, or other vessel or utensil, appendage or appantiBjft not having been set forth, or not being numbered as set forth! or in any other place than shall be set forth in the account by this? act required to be made and delivered by such distiller, and filedfcl entered, and registered as aforesaid, on requiring his licence? if any distiller shall have, keep, or make use of any still, stilt* 'worm, copper, keeve, vat, cooler, back, vessel, or other ui or any appendage or apparatus whatever, communicating connected, directly, or indirectly, with any still, stillJ worm, or copper, or any part thereof respectively, other such as shall have been set forth in such account, entry, or u gistry, without haring given four days* notice in writing td'collector or other superior officer of the district, and to the veyor and gauger in charge of his or her distillery, and wit an account thereof being made out, signed, delivered, entered^ and registered in manner aforesaid, such distiller shall forfektej every such still, still-head, worm, copper, vat* keeve, 1 cooler, vessel, t or other utensil, appendage, or apparatus, die of five hundred pounds; and every such still, still-head, ta copper, vat, keeve, back, cooler, vessel or other utensil, apj dage or apparatus, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by officer of excise. 1

_ -

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any still or stifo;

worms maybe bead, or worm of a still, shall be found in any place whit seized if*or in the possession of any person whomsoever (except a

licence not brazier, or person following the trade of making or repairing

produced, stills) the samfe shall be forfeited, and may be seized by \

ments and" officer of excise, justice of the peace, or peace-officer, W'if j

spirits for- any licensed distiller, unless a licence in force, to the person in feitecL whose possession the same shall be found for keeping such still#

still-head, or worm, shall be produced, and delivered to be na4 at the time when such officer of excise, justice of the peace*1

Eeacet-officer, Or licensed distiller, shall find such still, -still* ead, or worm; and every person in whose possession any such still, still-head, or worm shall be found, wi&out'SQw licence being so produced, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds

Still, still-

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. 4*1

for 1 Midi still, still-he^d, or wonn respectively, and all v other vessels and utensils for distilling, or commonly made use of in the process of distillation; and all spirits, low wines,

Aglings, wash, pot-ale, malt, or com, and all materials for

wing spirits, found in the possession of any such person as

sfaresaid, shall be forfeited, and, may fye seized yi manner afore-

fed, and such vessels or utensils, may be destroyed, and such

Wh or pot-ale may be spilied, or otherwise disposed of, as Except stills

herein after mentioned: provided always, that if any still, still-conveying by

fead, or worm, shall be found upon the road conveying by P01*8*

proper and sufficient permit tQ any distiller duly licensed, or such distiller to any brazier, or m^ker or menddr of stills licensed, or from such distiller to any excise-office, it not be forfeited or seizable as aforesaid, nor shall the conveying the same be liable to any penalty on account

reof.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Notice of flph seizure as last aforesaid shall be made by any justice of the "

pace, peace-officer, or licensed distiller, by virtue of this act, Jpeac<s See. ch justice of the peace, peace-officer, or licensed distiller, shall be given d, within six days after such seizure, give notice thereofto collector, writing.to the collector of the district, or to the next resist officer of excise, who shall take into his custody, and pure the matters and things so seized, in like manner as if jtsame had been seized by him.

fXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases of Articles, seiz-: ih seizure it shall and may be lawful for the officer of excise^may be shall have seized any such articles, or in whose custody the c?istiiL shall be, to sell all pot-ale, wash, singlings, or low wines ier.

seized, to any licensed distiller, provided the sum to be Ji for the same shall amount to a sum not less than the duty geable on the spirits which by law ought to be produpea i t

t such wash, pot-ale, singlings, or low wines respectively; in case Such wash, pot-ale, singlings, or low wines^ shall be f

sold, the purchaser thereof shall pay to the collector of the ict in which he shall reside, the duty chargeable on the its which by law ought to be produced from such wash, pot-_ singlings, or low wines, and he sh^ll pay the remaining part f die purchase-money of such wash, pot-ale, singlings, or low'fes (if syiy) to the officer who shall have sold the same.

"X. And be it further enacted, That no person using or Difference of ing more than one still (not being a brazier, or person fol- diameter in ing the profession of making or repairing stills) shall have,

" or use any stills, the diameter of the neck of any one of 8^ne persons, ' i, taken at the bottom of such neck, shall not be two inches Penalty So/. -finder or narrower at the least than the diameter of the neck so, 'Jtaken of any other still or stills kept or used by him, so as that the stills kept by such person shall differ in the diameter of the seek by the breadth of at least two inches from each other, under jttiaot forfeiting the sum of twenty pounds, and all or either of wch stills.

Andr

worms than stills.

Penalty ao/.

enalty on using coppers as stills, 500l.

4ii Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c.(t. [iWS.

Distillers shall

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no disttiltotohlkfcefep, keep no more have any greater number of worms of stifls than the lWHfctf of stills which he or she shall have been licensed tb keep, nbr shall use in distilling of spirits any'greater number of than one worm with any one still, without the cottietft of thW* of the said commissioners of excise first obtained in writing under their hands for that purpose; and if ariy greater nfcmbcf of worms of stills shall be found in the distillery of or ihs other place belonging to or occupied by any distiller, than \ number of stills which such distiller shall be licensed or t as aforesaid to keep, every sufch worm of a still so found, also every still ^rith which more than one worm shall be or to which there shall be more than one arm, shall be I and may be seized, and die distiller in whose possesstdn Such worm or worms, or still, shall be found, snail forfeit \ pay the sum of twenty pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any distiller i

use any copper in his distillery for anf other purpose boiling or warming water, or small vtorts of a precede brewing mixed with water, or if by means of any appea&g or apparatus annexed to or used with any copper, or by mei of any device or contrivance whatever any copper did Connected with the body, or head, or worm of any still, such copper and still shall be forfeited* and such distiller i also forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds 5 and if a&y ratus shall be found in the possession dr in the distHkty 6# u distiller, which might fender such copper of ccfppets capable^ being used in distillation, such distiller shall forfeit the sum 6 twenty pounds: 4

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every distffltr Am set every still used or kept by him m brick or stone #ith 1H0II and shall from time to time proWde such fastenings of* locto keys to the head and cocks of the stills, and to the for door thereof, and shall keep the same in good and snl order, in such Manner as shall be approved of by the su of excise in charge of such distillery, or shall pay for fastenings, locks, and keys as shall be provided by* such veyor; and if any ouch distiller shall use or keep any sdHfttq so set iit brick or stone, or shall neglect to provide, repaid at] pay for such fastenings, locks, and keys, within such titteM shall be required by such surveyor, every suth distiller Aim forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence.*

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any distilUriMfc make use of or keep in any distillery, any copier tii vessel tofc warming or boiling water for brewing pot-afe, the Anmetifll whereof at the mouth shall be less than the diameter thereof m any other part of such copper ot vessel, or shaB ftavetir any such copper or other vessel, set or placed in any manner other than in such situation as that the still or place whefe ssti still shall be set or shall stand, shall be in as direct a fine as tU building will permit, between Jhfo plac# where such copper

l9"ze y or

If apparatus found, ao/.

Distillers shall set stills, and provide locks and keys. Penalty ao/.

Dimensions of coppers, jmd how they shall be set. Penalty ao/.

liot.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. 413

9 Other vessel shall be set or stand, and the place where the wotm-tub shall be set or shall stand, every such copper or Wei shall be forfeited, and may be seized; and the distiller in vjkuj? distillery any such copper or vessel shall be found, or gjt such cppper or vessel shall be set or placed in any situation Jfter than as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds il eaph such offence.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any distiller shall any distillery make use of any cooler which shall not be tened, and 4  wed down or otherwise fastened to beams firmly fixed at accommo-eqds in the walls of the building, or in some other firm dated to the substantial manner, or shall alter the level or dipping-place soy cooler or back in such distillery, or the beams thatr*jport the same, after it shall have been so fixed as aforesaid, ishall suffer the same to be altered without having previously renfour days' notice thereof to the surveyor or gauger in page of such distillery; or if such distiller shall use any ftfcr, through or across the centre of which there shall not be fitted and constantly kept fixed lengthways, from one end the other, a firm frame or stage of wood, at least eighteen fies in breadth, and of thickness sufficient to prevent the Be from bending, where from the officer of excise may gauge liguor in such cooler, or if there shall not be a firm hand-lot the length of such stage, conveniently placed in respect potty every distiller so offending in any of the cases afore-ii, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty

fXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no distiller shall Contents of keep, or make use of any back, cooler, or other ves- ^klTand in the distillery of such distiller, for fermenting any wort, other vessel* feih, or pot-ale, or for containing any low wines or singlings, in each di-Bnch shall be of less content than the full charge of the still, stillery, shall fif there shall be more than one still) of the largest still*distillery; and if any such back, cooler, or other vessel, the still, be found in the distillery of any distiller, which shall be of Penalty % oL content than aforesaid, such back, cooler, or other vessel be forfeited, and may be seized, and such distiller shall*every such vessel forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at the Commission* BJfi of the passing of this act, any distiller shall not be pro-lied with backs, coolers, vessels, or casks, according to the

epilations of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the com- present vessels teaioners of excise, by order under the hands of any three of until they can fern, to allow such distiller to use the backs, coolers, vessels* Pjvlde 'casks in his possession, for such time as such commissioners01 er$* kill think necessary, or until such distiller shall have provided imsetf with vessels or casks of the proper dimensions, accord-ig tQthe regulations of this act.

XIVIII. And be it further enacted, That every distiller Spirits, ScO ball keep all spirits distilled, and all wash, pot-ale, singlings, and ?haI1be winety in the distillery of such distUkr, iz<ybi000ejrtore or

stores to the

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. [1806.

ery.

Penalty stores in or adjoining to such distillery, registered in maimer Ion Sc gaI" hereinbefore mentioned; and all spirits, wash, pot-ale,

or low wines, which shall be found in any store or stareTnot so registered, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, an& tlte distiller or distillers, or Other person or persons, to whom ife same shall belong shall for every gallon of such spirits, atkTfcc every ten gallons of wash or pot-ale, and for every three 'gafc* Ions of singlings and low wines, forfeit the sum of tvrtWty shillings.

Casks con-

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all taining spirits the store or distillery of any distiller, shall be ^_____

ks^content s*ze or content of not less than one hundred gallons than ioo gal- and if any cask shall be found in any such store or dii

containing spirits which shall be of any less size or conteflj_ such distiller shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for everjj such cask.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and be lawful for any officer of excise at all times, as well by" nij

spirits stored kept in ca^t$

Ions.

Penalty ao/

Officers empowered to enter distil-

leries and take as by day, to enter into every house, distillery, still-house,

accounts.

Penalty on distillers obstructing excise-officers, ao/.

house, store, and place whatsoever, of or belonging to or use of by any distiller in Ireland, and to gauge, measure, take an account of every still, still-head, copper, keeve, cooler, back, or other vessel or utensil of any kind, of at longing to, or kept by any such distiller, and to gauged take an account of all spirits which shall be from time to^' made or distilled, and of all malt and com, and of all wash, pot-ale, singlings, low wines, and materials whatsoever^ for making or distilling spirits, which shall be from rime time made use of by such distiller, and of all such spirits and] materials for making or distilling of spirits, as shall be in house, distillery, store, or place belonging to such distiller, to make returns thereof in manner herein after mentioned.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any officer excise, or his assistants, shall be hindered, obstructed, or pr vented by any distiller, or by any servant or person acting of the employment of such distiller, from entering into any distillery, or any house, out-house, store, or other place whatsoever of such distiller, or if any such officer or his assistants, having entered, shall be hindered, obstructed, or prevented' bj such distiller, or by any servant or person acting in the employment of such distiller, or in or upon the premises of such distiller, from gauging any vessels, or taking any account of the stock of malt, corn, or spirits of such distiller, or of or ingredients preparing for or used, or ready to be us distilling in such distillery, or from seeing the whole process of distilling completely finished, or from taking an account of the liquors distilled, or to be distilled, or in process of distilling, or from doing any part of his duty in the execution of this act, or of any other act which may be in force respecting distilleries, such distiller shall for every such offence respectively forfeit the sum of twenty ppujjds, ogle

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. 415

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every distiller shall Casks shall be elite and keep all casks and vessels in which any spirits shall 4e stored or kept, or which shall be made use of in distilling, gauging, tji convenient situations, with their dipping-place uppermost, Penalty aoA lid easy of access, in such manner as any officer of excise, in ^dkar^e of the distillery, shall reasonably direct, for the more Readily and effectually taking the gauge thereof, or in default ^ereof every such distiller shall forfeit the sum of twenty founds for each cask or vessel not so placed.

; rXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any distiller, on Distillers shall d of any officer of excise made at the distillery of such iller, shall not furnish or cause to be furnished a strong iacjder and safe ladder, with steps four inches broad at the least, lights, shall not have provided an hand-rail, or a rope in the nature Penalty a/. an hand-rail, conveniently placed with respect to such ladder, length sufficient to enable such officer to ascend to and umne any cooler, back, worm-tub, or other vessel or utensil such distillery, or shall not fix such ladder at the dipping-hefe of any such cooler, or at any other part of any such >ler, back, worm-tub, or other vessel or utensil, where such icer shall require, or shall on any visit made by any officer of9e, neglect or refuse to supply every such officer, on de-with sufficient lights for the purpose of searching and ipng all the stock on hand belonging to such distiller as 1 by day as by night, every distiller so offending in any of cases aforesaid, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum twenty pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any officer of

shall, at any time, when singlings or spirits shall not be to^drawn g off from a still, require mat the water contained in off from ny worm-tub belonging to such still, shall be drawn or run worm-tub.^iff, the same shall be drawn or run off accordingly; and if it same shall not be drawn or run off by some person in the dllery, it shall be lawful for any such officer to draw or run such water, or so much thereof as he shall think necessary;

W if the water shall not be so drawn or run off at the request icf such officer, the distiller in whose distillery such worm-tub dull be situate, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any officer P^alty on 5rf excise shall not be admitted into any distillery, after having demanded admittance into the same, and declared his name and officer, ioqU business, and after having waited for the space of one quarter.fS an hour after such demand made at the house of the distiller, or the gate or entrance-door, or any window of the distillery of such distiller, such distiller shall for every such offence forfeit die sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXVI. And whereas distillers have frequently made use of places adjoining their own houses or distilleries, for the purpose of clandestinely making, brewing, distilling, or concealing their malt9 wash, pat-ale, singlings, low wines, or spirits; for retnedy whereef, be it further enacted, That if the owner or of an7 Owners of

house adjoining

4*6

houses shall admit officers to search for spirits. Penalty 50L

If no person appears to give entrance to officers, the house may time be broken open.

Officer may enter distillery from adjoining houses.

Officers may risit sugar-houses, and take stock.

Wash at sugar-bale ere not declared, shall be forfeited.

Officers tak-

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 87. [1806.

house, store, or other place adjoining to or in the neighbourhood of the dwelling-house or distillery of any distiller, m 2 any servant of the owner or occupier of any such hpwp9place, shall not, on demand of any officer of excise, made in thp*day-time, admit such officer of excise, or shall not allow hw to enter and search such house, store, or place, for malt, wtith, pot-ale, singlings, low wines, or spirits, such occupier of wA' house, store, or other place, shall in every such case forfeit tfe. sum of fifty pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if no person \ attend or appear in such house, store, or place as afore give entrance to such officer, it shall be lawful in the

for such officer and his assistants, or in the nightH for such officer and his assistants, in the presence of a { stable or other peace-officer, who is hereby authorised required to be aiding and assisting the rein, to break opens enter such house, store, or place, and make search for any malt, wash, pot-ale, singlings, low wines, or which such officer may have reasonable or probable cause I suspect to be fraudulently concealed therein: provided all that if upon search no such malt, wash, pot-ale, singb low wines, or spirits, shall be found, such officer shall all the damages done, or make reasonable satisfaction for same to the owner or occupier of such house, store, or placed

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the*store, or place broken open, and entered, shall commuoie with the distillery of any distiller, or any part of the premh thereunto belonging, and if such distiller, or some person his behalf, shall not, on demand made, give entrance into sg distillery to any officer requiring the same, every such diadBsr^ shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be Ian for any officer of excise to visit in the day-time any sugar- in Ireland, belonging to any sugar-baker, and there to take; account of all melasses-wash, and sugar-wash, and upon decrease afterwards found therein, such sugar-baker shall fpf a sum equal to the duty which would be payable by < upon spirits distilled from such wash, unless due proof sh^llli made that the same had been sold to a licensed distiller, ! otherwise disposed of in the business of a sugar-baker; and sugar-wash, and melasses-wash, found at any sugar-I twenty-four hours after it shall be taken from the cistern, 1 not declared to the officer of excise, shall be forfeited and J be seized.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any officer ef 1

ing bribes, &c. toms or excise in Ireland, shall directly or indirectly ask, > declared

Kuiltyofmis- or receive any bribe, fee, gratuity, recompence, or regard, W demeanour, the neglect or non-performance of his duty under this act, 0

for the performance of his duty, other than such salary, mcodh pence, reward, or gratuity as shall be allowed by ffie wi commissioners of excise, or shall directly or indirectly ask, t&h or receive any sum or sums of money, article, matter, or thing

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. 417

from any distiller for or on any account whatsoever, fiery such officer so offending shall be deemed and taken to be " f of a misdemeanour, and such officer shall and may be; ed for sucl> offence either at the assizes or quarter-sessions td va the county in which such offence shall be committed j, pd in case any indictment shall be found at such assizes or rtoarter-sessions against such officer, he shah plead thereto, pfahout having time to traverse the same; and it shall be law-pi for the court before whom such officer sh^ll be tried and toog^ctedj to inflict such punishment on such officer as may by } laws and statutes in force in Ireland be inflicted on persons iky of misdemeanours, and such officer so convicted shall perforth be incapable of holding any office or employment atsoever, civil or military, under his Majesty, his heirs or cessors, or under any authority derived from his Majesty, his

For successors. fV.

L And be it further enacted, That every distiller shall, Distillers Die commencing to brew any worts, wash, or pot-ale, and sh^]

1 before qommenping to work any still or stdlf in any year of lap in like manner before he or.she shall recommence so to brewing and  any still, ^fter any discontinuance thereof in such year, distilling.

I six days' notice in writing to the collector of the district, Penalty tool. to the surveyor and gauger in charge of the distillery of \ distiller^ setting forth the day and hour when such distiller nds tp commence so to brew or to work any still respectively,

0 recommence so to work any still as herein after provided; any di^tiltlery whp shall brew any worts, wash, or pot-ale, or b mall work any still or stills without having given such pctive notices, shall for each such offence forfeit and pay the 1 of two hundred pounds. aSLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Distillers shall #r day than, Monday, shall be mentioned in any such notice commence on tommenfipg or recommencing to work a still, and that no a on Slier shall commence or recommence to work any still in pur-fece of any such notice except on a Monday; and that every Mode of dis-h still shall be presumed to be kept regularly at work from continuing day mentioned in such notice for the commencing or recom-Wpgto work such still, until the working thereof shall be dis- notice at the tinned in manner herein after mentioned \ that is to say: every end of the distiller may from time to time discontinue the working first eight toy such stUl, on giving a notice m writing suc^ intention JhTend of Ibqontinue such working, to the collector of the district, and any 8ubse-k surveyor and gauger in charge of the distillery, six days at quest period least previous to the day mentioned therein for discontinuing of fur lame, requiring )>y 8UC^ notic^ that the still or stills, the weck#'

Aing of which is so intended to be discontinued, may be cted n the day expressed in such notice, and specifying them of the day at which such working is so intended to be dis-fMiimed: provided always, that no other day than Monday be ptotiaDed in any such notice for discontinuing to work any still P stills, and that sycfi Monday shall be the close of a period of

Voi.XLVI. a.*G00gIWeek*

Officers shall secure still, or on failure the distiller shall be charged as

413 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. [1806.

weeks in the year, whereof the common divisor or aliquot part shall be four, and shall be not less than eight weeks distant from the time of commencing to work such still in any year, nor less than four weeks distant from the time of recommencing to work the same after any discontinuance in such year: and that the hour of the day specified in such notice shall be some hour before twelve of the clock at noon on such Monday.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That at the time specified in any such notice of discontinuance, it shall and may be lawful for any excise-officer in charge of such distillery, and he is hereby required, to strap down and fasten the head of every such still, the working of which is so intended to be discontinued, by still* working locking the same, and to lock the door of the furnace-grate, and to stop and lock the discharging cock or pipe of any such still31 and if such officer be prevented from so doing by any personal such distillery, or in consequence of the distillery being locked^ and no person appearing to give entrance to such officer or otherwise, or if any still shall in any event not be locked in ma^ ner hereby directed, such distiller shall continue to be charged with and pay duty, as if he had not given such notice of disconi tinuance as aforesaid; and such notice shall be deemed void and of no effect.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if at any time sub quest to twenty-four hours after any still shall have been Iocki or by any of the provisions of this act ought to have'locked, or after the time mentioned in such notice as afores of discontinuing the working of such still, such still, or l works in which it is set, shall be found hot or warm, the distill or distillers in whose possession the same shall be so found, sh: forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds. I

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any distiller wh* shall have discontinued the working of any still in manner afon said, shall intend to set at work again such still so discontinue! such distiller shall deliver a notice in writing of such his inter tion to the collector of the district, and to the surveyor 30 gauger in charge of the distillery of such distiller six days at leal before the day on which such distiller shall intend to recommenfl the working of such still, specifying the day, agreeable to th provisions of this act, and the hour on which he intends so to re commence working such still (which day shall be a Monday^ am shall not be less than four weeks distant from the time of last discontinuance of the working of such still;,) and onto such officers to whom such notice shall be given shall attend and open the locks and fastenings of such still accordingly, 21 shall charge such distiller with duty as herein provided from t day mentioned in the notice for the recommencement of working of such still.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where person shall, at the expiration of any licence granted under t act, discontinue the trade and business of a distiller, or shall i

of his licence, any time during the continuance of his licence discontinue wort

shall remove i V - id

\ kie stills.

Penalty on still found warm after discontinuance 100l.

Notice of recommencement of working.

Distiller on discontinuing business on expiration

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. 419

fag for the remainder of any year in manner herein after men- Penalty xoo/ tioned, such person shall within seven days after the expiration of ssch Kcence, or after so discontinuing to work, cause ther #orbwhich any and every still in the distillery of such distiller were set, to be taken down, and shall displace and remove any and every such still and stills, and shall also displace and remove clear out of the worm-tub the worm belonging to any and every such still respectively; and shall within seven days then next following, send or convey any and every such still, and the heads and worms belonging to the same respectively, to the excise-office of the district in which such distillery shall be situate, there to be kept for twelve calendar months Unless the same shall within the said twelve calendar months be re-delivered to the proprietor thereof on his being licensed under this act, or shall he disposed of by such proprietor to time licensed distiller, which it shall be lawful for such proprietor to do; and in case any such still, or head, or worm if a still, shall remain at the said excise-office for the space of 'more than twelve calendar months, it shall be lawful for the collector of the district to break up and render useless any and every such still, still-head, and worm, and to cause the materials thereof to be sold; and the produce thereof, after deducting all expences of such sale, and a reasonable sum for the warehouse* loom for the same during the said twelve months, shall be paid by such collector to the proprietor thereof; and in case any still, still-head, or worm, shall be found in the distillery, or in any other place in the occupation of any person who shall have so discontinued the business of a distiller, at any time after the end of fourteen days -after the expiration or determination of any licence to such distiller, every such still, still-head, and worm shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the person in whose possession or on whose premises the same shall be found shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That during the continu- Mode of ance of this act, the officer of excise keeping an account of wash; pot-ale, low wines, or singlings, in any distillery, shall charge decrease of the distiller upon any decrease of wash, or pot-ale, for a quantity wash or of singlings calculated after the rate of one gallon of singlings singlings for evetj four gallons of wash or pot-ale so decreased; and for quantity of spirits after the rate of two gallons of spirits for 8X\\\ there> every five gallons of such singlings so calculated: and upon any with, decrease of low wines or singlings, such officer shall charge the distiller for a quantity of spirits after the rate of two gallons of (pints for every five gallons of singlings or low wines so decreased: and when and as often as any still in such distillery shall be charged with such wash, pot-ale, low wines, or singlings respectively, such officer shall charge the distiller for a quantity of spirits after the like rate, according to the content of such still, estimated as hereinbefore mentioned: and on any decrease of any wash or low wines produced from sugar, melasses, or decayed wines, such officer shall charge the distiller for a quantity

Double duty shall be charged on every disproportionate decrease of wash*

Distiller shall be liable to duty on spirits according to a certain number of monthly charges of low wines in each still for weeks ox S34 days in each year; vi*.

For stills under 750 gallon* 74

charges*

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. [1806.

of spirit* after the rate of one gallon of spirits for every six gallons* of wash, and one gallon of spirits for every two gallons of low wines so decreased; and when and as often as any still in such distillery shall be charged with any such last mentioned wash or low wines respectively, such officer shall charge the distiller for a quantity of spirits after the like sate, according to the content of such still as aforesaid; deducting from the content of such still, when charged with any wash or pot-ale, one-tenth part thereof for liberty for such still to work; and when such still shall be charged with any low wines or singlings, deducting one-eighth part thereof for liberty for such still to work: and such officer shall make a return of the quantities of spirits, and of the duties thereon accordingly, and such distiller shall pay the duty so charged and returned.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any decrease shall at any time during the continuance of this act appear or be found by any officer of excise, in any wort, wash, pot-ale, low wines, or singlings, in the distillery of any distiller, more than or beyond the proportion of decrease justified by the charges of the still or stills in such distillery, according to the directions of this act, such distiller shall be and is hereby charged with double duty for such quantity of spirits as might be produced according to the rate before mentioned, from so much wort, wash, pot-ale, low wines, or singlings, as shall exceed such proportion of decrease respectively, and the surveyor or gauger in charge of such distillery is and are hereby required in such case to make such charge, and return the same to the collector of the district accordingly.

XLJxl And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any discontinuance of working, under the provisions hereinbefore mentioned, every distiller shall, during the continuance of his licence in each year, be charged with and shall pay duty for a quantity of spirits in respect of each and every still belonging to such distiller, according to the content thereof, and accenting to a certain number of charges of singlings or low wines for each such still, and according to a certain number of weeks and days, as herein after mentioned; (that is to say): every such distillerj shall be charged for each and every such still for not less f thirty-two weeks, or two hundred and twenty-four days du the continuance of sqch licence; and that for every four w or twenty-eight days, while any such still shall continue or I presumed to continue working, or shall be chargeable as woika under this act, such distiller shall be charged with and shall pal duty for such quantity of spirits as might be produced (accordm to the rates hereinbefore mentioned) from the several numbers charges of singlings or low urines herein after severally set ford for and in respect of each and every still, being of the sevenll contents following; that is to say:

From seventy-four charges of low wines or singlings for every: still under seven hundred and fifty gallons content* and not less than five hundred gallons content:

For

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 83. 421

From seventy-two such pharges for every still under one under 1,000, thousand gallons content, and not less than seven hundred and 7 charges; fifty gallons content:

From sixty-six such charges, for every still under one thou- under 1, 150, sand two hundred and fifty gallons content, and not less than M charges 5 one thousand gallons content:

From sixty-four such charges, for every still under one under 1, 500, thousand five hundred gallon^ content, and not less than one c"arSc*thousand two hundred and fifty gallons content:

From sixty-two such charges for every still under one thou- under 1, 750, sand seven hundred and fifty gallons content, and not less than charges; one thousand five hundred gallons content:

From fifty-eight such charges for every still under two under ^, 000, thousand gallons content, and not less than one thousand seven 58 charge; hundred and fifty gallons content:

From fifty-six such charges for every still under two thousand under 1, 150, two hundred and fifty gallons content, and not less than two 5* chaises; thousand gallons content:

From fifty-four such charges for every still under two thousand under 1, 500, fire hundred gallons content, and not less than two thousand 54 charges; two hundred and fifty gallons content:

From fifty-two such charges for every still under two thousand under 2, 750, seven hundred and fifty gallons content, and not less than two charges; thousand five hundred gallons content: ,

From fifty such charges for every still under three thousand under 3, 000, gallons content, and not le?s than two thousand seven hundred J charges; and fifty gallons content:

From forty-eight such charges for every still of three thou- of 3, 000, See. find gallons content or upwards: 48 charges.

And that every distiller shall, over and above the respective quantities aforesaid, be charged with and pay duty for as much mote spirits as might be produced, according to the rates hereinbefore mentioned, from all pot-ale, wash, low wines, or singlings, which such distiller shall actually distil within every Such period of four weeks, or twenty-eight days: and the sur- Officer shall, ?eyor or gauger in charge of any distillery, shall, in his return make^return to die cofiector of the district for the last week of the first period accordingly of four weeks or twenty-eight days next after the day mentioned week, and in anj notice for the commencement or recommencement of the distiller pay* working of any still, in manner directed by this act, and so in duty accordlike manner in his return for the last week of every other or p8^ aoj subsequent period of four weeks, or twenty-eight days, while double* such still shall continue or be presumed to continue working, or duty, shall be chargeable as working under this act, make a return and diarge upon such distiller of such quantities of spirits, and the duties thereon, as, with the quantities comprised in the returns of spirits distilled by such distiller during the three preceding weeks, shall amount to the full quantity of spirits for which such distiller is hereby chargeable with duty for such period of four weeks, dr twenty-eight days; and also of such further quantity of spirits as might be produced according to {he^rateseherein-

before

4a

Officers in each year shall make return to compete the amount of spirits chargeable in the year, exclusive of any surplus in monthly charge.

Commissioners empowered to grant abatement where a still is set up in the course of year.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. [1806.

before mentioned, from all pot-ale, wash, low wines, or siozliags, which such distiller shall actually distil within such week, and such distiller shall pay the duty, appearing by such return and charge to have become due and payable, within six days after such return and charge shall have been made, or shall for every default forfeit twenty pounds, together with a sum equal to double the duty so returned and charged.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case the quantity of spirits charged upon any distiller in any year, ending on the twenty-ninth day of September, shall not amount to the full quantity of spirits for which such distiller is by this act charge* able with duty within such year, being for the period of thirty-two weeks, or two hundred and twenty-four days, according to the rates aforesaid, (exclusive of all spirits made within or duty charged in any return for any period of four weeks, for ant additional quantity which might have been produced in such period according to the rates hereinbefore mentioned, from all wash, pot-ale, low wines, or singlings, which such distiller shall have actually distilled within such period), the surveyor or gauger in charge of the distillery of such distiller shall, within twenty days after such twenty-ninth day of September, make a return to the collector of the district in which such distillery shall be situate, of such quantities of spirits, and of the duties thereon, as, with the quantities comprised in former returns of spirits against such distiller within the year ending on such twenty-ninth day of September, (exclusive of such additional quantities as aforesaid); shall amount to die full quantity of spirits for which such distiller is by this act made chargeable with duty for the period of thirty-two weeks, or two hundred and twenty-four days in such year, according to the rates aforesaid (exclusive of such additional quantities as aforesaid); and such return shall be a charge on such distiller, who shall pay the duty appearing by such return to have become due and payable within six days after such return shall have been made, or shall for every default forfeit twenty pounds, together with a sum equal to double the duty so returned and charged: provided always, that if any distiller shall be desirous of obtaining a licence for any still or stills at any time between the first day of November in any year, and the twenty-ninth day of September in the succeeding year, it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of excise to reduce the quantity of spirits for which such distiller is by this act chargeable with duty for and in respect of such still or stills during the continuance of suvi* licence, to such quantity of spirits as may reasonably be distilled in such still or stills between the time that such licence shall be so granted, and the twenty-ninth day of September then nei: ensuing; provided that such reduction shall be in the proportion to the part of the year which shall have elapsed from the twenty-ninth day of September preceding the taking out such licence, to the time of the taking out the same, as thirty-two weeks is to fifty-two weeks, and that the person taking out any licence

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. 423

licence for $uch still or stills, shall in all other respects be subject and liable to all the rules and regulations in this act contained.

II. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any distiller Diallers may who shall have worked for so many periods of eight weeks or discontinue four weeks, as shall make in the whole twenty-four weeks, or ^reml^der one hundred and sixty-eight days in any one year, after the time of a year.on when such distiller snail have first commenced working in such notice; after year, shall be desirous to continue working for the remainder of t*xe end of, such year, from the end of the said twenty-four weeks, or one 24 wee" hundred and sixty-eight days, during which he shall have worked as aforesaid, or from the end of any period of four weeks, or twenty-eight days subsequent to the period of one hundred and sixty-eight days, which he shall have actually worked in any one year; it shall and may be lawful for such distiller to discontinue working accordingly, on giving a notice is writing of his intention so to discontinue working for the remainder of the year, to the commissioners of excise, and also to the collector of the district, and to the surveyor and gauger in ^charge of the distillery of such distiller, fourteen days at the least previous to the day mentioned for so discontinuing to work 'for the remainder of the year: and in such case it shall and mj be lawful for the said commissioners of excise, or any tfoee of them, upon application to them made by such distiller for that purpose, to declare the licence granted to such di?

Miller to be ended and determined from and after the day men-tfcned for so discontinuing working, and the same shall be sided and determined accordingly; and it shall also be lawful for the said of to reduce the quantity of spirits for which such distiller shall by this act be chargeable with duty, during the continuance of his licence, to such quantity as such distiller shall be chargeable with during so many periods of eight weeks or four weeks, as such distiller shall have actually continued working, or shall have been chargeable as continuing to work, together with such further quantity of spirits as might he produced from all wash, pot-ale, low wines, or singlings, which such distiller shall have actually distilled during such periods, according to the rates in this act specified: and if at-JP^TP any time after the day mentioned in any such notice of any such ^kiinr distiller, for so discontinuing to work for the remainder of the SUCH notice year, any such distiller shall brew any worts, wash, or pot-ale, 500l. &c. or shall distil any wash, pot-ale, singlings, or low wines, or shall work any still or stills in such distillery, or if after the day mentioned for so discontinuing to work, any worts, wash, pot-ale, low wines, or singlings shall be found, or any still or Mils shall be discovered working in the distillery of such distiller, such distiller shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds, and shall be chargeable and charged with, and pay duty under this act, as if he had not given such notice of discontinuance as aforesaid; and it shall not be lawful for the said commissioners of excise to*g [license

ing.

Penalty io/.

424 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. [1806.

license any personto keep the said distillery, or to haw, keep, or make use of any still or stills therein, for the remainder of such year, nor during the term of one year next ensiini the twenty-ninth day of September after such offence shall hare been committed*

Abatement of

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for duty to distil- any three of the said commissioners of excise to reduce or date accident!* of quantity of spirits wherewith any distiller shall be chargeable m any year by virtue of this act, according to the number of weeks or days as aforesaid, upon proof upon oath, to it satisfaction of the said of that some fatality sud as fire, or any other unavoidable accident or misfortune, sM have prevented such distiller from working such number of # weeks or days: provided always, that such reduction or abase-

ment be first approved of by the commissioners for executing tk office of lord high treasurer of Ireland.

Distiller shall

LIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any di* offip rs of* to 5t'^er intend to commence to brew or mash any com, such every mash*, distiller shall, four hours at least before so commencing to mask any corn, give notice to the officer in charge of the distillery of such distiller, (by an entry to be made in a book to be provided by such officer for suen distiller, and to be kept in such distillery,) of the particular hour and time when such distiller so intends to brew or mash any corn, and the number cf bushels of corn, distinguishing whether malted or unmalted, or meal, intended to be used in every such brewing or mashing and also the time when such brewing will be completed, and the worts be off; and if such distiller shall intend to make any second mashing of the same materials, with any addition them of any further quantity of com malted or unmalted, sudn^ stiller shall give a like notice: and such book shall be carefully kept by such distiller, and the said entries being made therein,; the said book shall, within forty-eight hours after the expiratioa of every period of four weeks or twenty-eight days, be delivered by suen distiller, to such officer 5 and in case any com malted or unmalted, shall be mashed or brewed in the distillery of any distiller, without such notice being given by entry to be nude in such book, all worts, wash, and pot-ale, brewed from such com, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and such cWrf shall forfeit the sum of ten pounas.

Wash shall be LFV. And be it further enacted, That every brewing of cw^ers^and worts> wash, or pot-ale, from com, shall be separately run of into or placed on coolers, and shall be therein gauged and measured by the proper officer, within a reasonable time befo the same shall be let into any fermenting back 5 and that aS worts, wash, or pot-ale from corn shall be distilled in the onfc in which the same was brewed; and that no newer worts, wash, or pot-nie, shall be distilled while there is any older worts, wash, or pot-ale on hand, and not distilled; and that if any such worts, wash, or pot-ale, shall be found in the distillery oif any ^stiller which shall hot have been so run off into, and

placed

distilled in the order in which it wa f>r?wed.

Penalty Ic/.

r

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88.

on coolers, and gauged accordingly, or which shall have brewed longer than any such worts, wash, or pot-ale, as hare been men actually distilled, or distilling such worts, i, or pot-ale, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and ich distiller shall also forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no distiller shall put o nor keep in any bafck, cooler, or other vessel, which shall capable of containing the full charge of the still, or (if there iH be more than one sfill) of the largest still in the aistillery such distiller, at any one time, a smaller quantity of worts, ih, or pot-ale, than the full charge of some one still in such illery; nor shall mix in any one such back, two or more ferent brewings of worts, 'wash, or pot-ale, or any part eof; nor shall put any low wines or singlings into any d, until every other vessel in such distillery in which any wines or singlings shall have been previously put, shall be mpletely filled with low wines or singlings; and if any back, der, or other vessel in the distillery of any distiller shall be tnd containing any worts, wash, pot-ale, low wines, or sing-; s, contrary to the regulations of this act, such distiller shall every offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds. iVI. And be it further enacted, That no allowance shall be de in the gauging or taking account of the contents of any V, vat, or other vessel, for or in respect of any grouting or ind corn or meal, or other composition, matter, or thing, led to the worts, wash, or pot-ale, in such back, vat, or other sel, whilst such worts, wash, or pot-ale, are in the course of ration for being distilled \ any usage or custom to the con-notwithstanding.

MLVII. And be it further enacted, That all worts, wash^ or ">ale, made from com, which shall not be distilled at the tiration of six days, including the day of brewing and the of distilling, and all sugar-wash and wash made of melasses, ch shall not be distilled at the expiration of twelve days, uding the day of breaking down the melasses br sugar with: er, and the day of distilling, and all wash made of sweet ters which shall not be distilled at the expiration of six days, hiding the day of receiving and the day of distilling the se, shall be considered as worts, wash, or pot-ale, not in-_ ded in any former charge against the distiller; and such di-stiller shall oe charged with duty in respect of such worts, wash, or pot-ale, according to the directions of this act.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no distiller or distillers, maker or makers of low wines or spirits shall boil, heat, or prepare, by means of fire, any worts, wash, pot-ale, or other liquor, in any copper, vessel, or other utensil whatever, other than a licensed still, after such worts, wash, pot-ale, or other liquor has been fermented; but that all worts, wash, pot-ale, liquor, or other materials, shall, after fermentation, be fairly put into a licensed still or stills, without having undergone. Wiling, heating, or any preparation by means of fire,

whereby

4*5

Each brewing to be kept separate. Penalty ao/*

No allowance for grouting.

Wash shall be distilled within a limited time.

Worts shall not be heated after fermentation. Penalty 500l.

4

Distiller shall not have corn-wash and Sugar-wash in his possesion at the same time. Penalty 100l.

Distiller shall give notice of receiving sugar-wash. Penalty 50l.

Penalty on distiller having any mixture of corn and sugar-wash in his possession xooA

If contents of ptiil are not declared they shall be charged as singlings.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c.s8$.[1806.

whereby the process of distillation may. bp shortened or accdr rated, or attempted to be shortened or accelerated 5 on pul of forfeiting the sum of five hundred pounds for every offence.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if <^iy distiller the time that such distiller shall have any wort9, wash, or pot-ale from corn, on hand or undistilfed, or until ho has draw# and distilled all worts, wash, or pot-ole from corn, shall have, keep, or make use of any melasa* s, melasses-wash, wash, or sweet water, such distiller shall forfeit the sum pne hundred pounds \ and all worts, wash, or pot-ale from and all melasses, melasses-wash, sugar-wash, or sweet which shall be found at one and the same time in any disi shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise

LX. And be it further enacted, That every distiller aha twenty-four hours at the least before receipt of any quantity decayed wines, melasses, or melasses-wash, sugar-wash, or $w water, or any wash not made of com, into the distillery of sue distiller, give notice in writing to the surveyor or gauger i charge of such distillery, of the particular quantity and bud ( all such decayed wines, melasses, or wash not made of coq and of the species thereof, and of the time when such dkdOl intends to receive the same; and if any decayed wines melasses, or any kind of wash not made of com, shall be fbmi in the distillery of any distiller, without such notice bans been so given as herein required, the same shall be forfeit* or may be seized or spilled by any officer of excise, and sucl distiller shall forfeit fifty pounds. f

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any pot-ale or wadi in which there shall be any mixture of corn and melasses, sugar, or of corn-wash, and melasses-wash, or s.ugar, or sweetl water, shall be foundin the distillery of any distiller, or in an^ place adjoining thereto, or in the possession of any such did ^tiller5 or if any spirits shall be found distilling or distilled fread any such mixture, such distiller, as often as me same shall be1 so found, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and*! upon the trial of any information for the said penalty, such' distiller shall be convicted, unless due proof shall be made by such distiller that the pot-ale or wash in respect of which such information shall be brought, did not contain any mixture of corn and melasses or sugar, or of corn-wash and melasses-wash, or sugar-wash, or sweet water, or that the spirits were not distilling or distilled from any such mixture, as the case may be.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any officer rf excise shall find any still at work, and the distiller, or any person employed by such distiller, shall jefuse to declare what such still then contains, it shall be lawful for such officer excise to charge the distil|er as if such still contained singliag? or low wines, and such distiller shall pay the duties by tius act

chargeable accordingly.*v f -u

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. 447

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no liquor shall be What shall be tdlfed as feints, or taken as such, in any distillery which considered as rflfee of a greater strength than eighty-five per centum under how ufbe poof; and that in case any liquor declared as feints shall be found disposed of.

greater strength, the same shall be charged as singlings or twines; and that no liquor called feints shall be distilled or lerwise disposed of, than by being spilied, or by mixing them with pot-ale or wash in the presence of an officer of m, at the option of the distiller; and that if any decrease B at any time be found i: i the quantity of such feints more is justified by the quantity so mixed with wash or pot-ale, ijo spilled as aforesaid in the presence of an officer, such filer shall be charged for a quantity of spirits, in proportion

I; allon of spirits to three gallons of such decrease of in such feints.

And be it further enacted, That as often as any Stock of diexcise shall have entered into the distillery, warehouse, ^shewrfand any other place belonging to any distiller, such distiller, declaraTto'1 person employed on behalf of such distiller, shall, on officer on af any such officer, shew or cause to be shewn to such demahd.

I the stock on hand of wash, pot-ale, singlings, or low*enahy I00* d spirits, belonging to such distiller, and shall give or be given to such officer a declaration of the same;

1 say, that the stock so shewm is all the stock of wash, singlings, or low wines and spirits of or belonging to iller: and if such distiller, or some person on his bell not, on demand made by any such officer, forthwith few or cause to be shewn such stock, or make such declara-ID as aforesaid, or if such distiller, or any person shewing ich stock or making such declaration, shall make any false or Wrue declaration of such stock, such distiller shall for every teb offence forfeit one hundred pounds; and if any officer or leers of excise shall upon search discover any wash, pot-ale, flings, or low wines or spirits, in any distillery, or in any &er place belonging to any distiller, which shall not have been iJy shewn or declared, or which shall be in any place or store donging to such distiller, not registered under this act, then ft such wash, pot-ale, singlings, or low wines or spirits, shall e forfeited, and such distiller or distillers shall forfeit the sum f twenty shillings for every gallon of spirits, and for every me gallons of wash or pot-^ale, and for every three gallons of inglings or low wines so found and discovered.

LXv. And be it further enacted, That every distiller, or ser- Regulations ant or person in Jthe employment of such distiller, who shallfa^ockof hew the stock of such distiller to any officer of excise, shall spirits, ount all the casks of spirits, and declare the number thereof to uch officer taking an account of the same$ and in case such di- tiller, servant, or other person, shall refuse or neglect so to do, uch distiller shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty xjunda; and if after such declaration as aforesaid, any of the Penalty 20A aiks which shall have been declared to contain spirits, shall be

found '

Penalty 10l.

Officer shall make a weekly return on the distiller, who shall pay the duty accordingly. Penalty 10l. and double duty.

bistniers shall make entries themselves, and pay duties weekly. Penalty 10L See*

In case of

discontinuance, the weekly report and entry shall include the day of discontinuance.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. [1806.

found to be empty, or to contain any other liquor or thing art only spirits, or if more casks than one shall be found not to he full, or if a greater number of casks shall be found than hare been so declared, every such cask, and the contents thereof, shall he foJ feited, and may be seized, and such distiller shall forfeitforevc^ cask so found, not corresponding with such declaration, the m of ten pounds.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the surveyor or gauge in charge of the distillery of any distiller, or any other office^ excise appointed or authorised so to do, shall, once in a week, or after the Tuesday in every week, make a return or reponk writing to the collector of the district in which such distHlqi situate, or to such person or persons as the of <s excise shall appoint to receive the same, of the quantity ofspi for which such distiller is under this act chargeable with Ji and of the duty thereon, for the week commencing on Monday next but one preceding such Tuesday, and every officer shall, and he is hereby required, to leave a true copy such return in writing under his hand, with every 9uch distift or at such distillery, upon pain of forfeiting twenty poundsfc every neglect or omission in so doing, and such return or rep* of such officer shall be a charge upon every such distiller for soc week; and such distiller shall pay the duty appearing by sac return to have become due and payable, within six days fromris last day of the week, for which such return shall be made aa duty charged, or shall for every default forfeit twenty pouaa together with a sum equal to double the duty so returned ad charged.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That every distiller sluflj under the proper hand of such distiller, or under the hand of soroj person for whom such distiller shall be responsible, once in i week, on or after the Tuesday in every week, at the excise-oSq of the district in which the distillery of such distiller shall h situate, make true entry of the quantity of spirits for which sadj distiller is under this act chargeable with duty for the week cob* mencing on the Monday next but one preceding such Tuesday^ shall, at the time of making such entry, pay and clear of whole of the duty payable for such quantity of spirits, npo^ pain of forfeiting twenty pounds for every omission, neglect, cr default of such entry or payment, together with a sum equal to double the duty which such distiller shall by law be chargeable with for such week.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That wheneru it shall happen that any distiller shall have discontinued working on a Monday, under any of the provisions in this act contain^ the weekly report or return of the officer, and the weekly entry of the distiller to be made under this act, on or after the Twdsj next succeeding such Monday, shall contain the quantity of spine for which such distiller is chargeable with duty, on and from the Monday next but one preceding such return or entry, imtil ami upon the Monday of such discontinuance, including both the said

o le bp-,

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 83. 429

ns; and the duty shall be charged and paid on such quantity of

ftsfe accordingly, in like manner as any duty under any other /

Hftljr return, report, or entry, is by this act directed to be krai and paid.

E&DL And be it furth r enacted, That as often as any dis- In case of k or difference shall arise between any officer of excise and dispute, offi-idistiller, touching the amount of duty charged by the return his rc^raby och officer upon such distiller, for or in respect of any quan- affidavit, y&f spirits pursuant to this act, such o^Seer shall verify, by Ht made before the collector of the district, or some justice peace, that the return made by him is true and fair* ac-to the best of his skill and knowledge, and thereupon /return shall be a charge upon the distiller disputing the : provided always, that no distiller shall be allowed to con- Distiller shall: or dispute any return or charge of duty by any officer, gch chmrc such distiller shall have made a regular weekly return of unless he Quantity of spirits by him distilled, and paid the duty charge- has made his ton the same, and snail in such his weekly return have made own weekly jbjection to the return or charge of such officer. return.

aL And be it further enacted, That in case any officer of tt shall at any time have committed any error in any return cer8> returns^ b made by him under this act, by including or charging in and relieving return a greater or less quantity of spirits, or a greater or less surcharging ant of duty than ought to have been returned or charged by j

against any distiller according to the directions of this act, it ccor*

I and may be lawful for such officer, or for the surveyor or m examinator of the accounts of such officer, and they are mj respectively required, to rectify the same as speedily as be convenient, within six months after such return shall have made, and to report the same to the said of of; and if it shall appear that the quantity of spirits, and the it of duty charged in any such return against any distiller, reater than the same ought to have been, k shall be lawful said Commissioners of excise, and they are hereby required,

[e an allowance forthwith to such distiller, of the amount lty so overcharged; and if it shall appear that the quantity writs, and the amount of duty charged in any such return ost any distiller, was less than the same ought to have been, fell and may be lawful for the said commissioners of excise,

Ithey are hereby required to give notice to such distiller of t amount of the deficiency of the duty in consequence of such oneous return; and if such distiller shall not, within one mil after such notice, shew sufficient cause to such commis-sers of excise why he should not be charged with and pay such 5ciency, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners of excise order* a return to be made to the collector of the district in achsach distiller shall reside, of the amount of such deficiency

I die duty specified in such return shall be a surcharge on distiller; and if such distiller shall not, upon demand, or thin ten days next after, pay the full amount of such duty so ^charged, or such part thereof as shall be established by the said

43

Payment by distiller of his own calculation of duty, shall not exempt him from payment according to the officer'* return.

Penalty on

decrease of stock of distillers, factors, or dfal-er$, not being retailers, ioj. per gallon.

Minute-book* shall be delivered and kept in each distillery Penalty 200l.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. [1806.

said of, such distiller shall forfeit die sum of te pounds, and a sum equal to double the amount of duty which shall be so returned and surcharged; provided that bo such return shall be a surcharge on any distiller, unless it shall have been made, and the amount thereof demanded, within zdne month* after the date of the original return.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the payment by any distiller of any sum of money less than the aranst of duty returned, or to be returned, by any officer of excise to bt payable by such distiller, shall not exempt such distiller from lb payment of the difference between the amount of duty so return! by such officer, and the sum so paid by such distiller; and dot it such distiller shall not pay such difference within seven <kg next after such return of such officer, such distiller shall farevafl such default forfeit twenty pounds, together with a sum to double the difference between the amount of duty so returai by such officer, and the sum so paid by such distiller.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in every case wh* the stock of spirits in the stores or possession of any distiller, facte or other person dealing in or storing spirits in Ireland, not briq licensed to sell spirits by retail, shall be less than the quantity spirits which, by the stock-account kept by the officer of eaoA ought to be in the stores or possession of such distiller, factory other person, every such distiller, factor, or other person, for a* time such decrease shall appear, shall forfeit the sum of ten sa lings for every gallon of spirits which shall be so deficient.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in the distillery* every distiller there shall be safely kept such minute-books a* sW be delivered to such distiller by the surveyor or gauger in ckaf of such distillery, in which books such officers shall from times time make true entries of the times when they shall respectite visit such distillery, and of all such other particulars relative to thi state and condition of such distillery, as such officers shall te necessary and expedient, or as shall be directed by any copeck officer; and such distiller shall, within three days after the twenty fifth day of December, the twenty-fifth day of March, the twenty fourth day of June % and the twenty-ninth day of September respectively in every year, deliver such books to the surveyors excise then in charge of such distillery: and in ease any dutiflej to whom such books shall be tendered by any officer of excise; shall refuse to receive the same, or having received the staej shall wilfully tear, deface, obliterate, or alter such book, or sir| entry therein, or cause the same to be tom, defaced, obliterated, or altered, or shall make or cause to be made any entry therwa, or in case such distiller, or any person employee! in such dadj lery, shall at any time, when required by any officer of exebq neglect or refuse to produce such books or snail neglect to d* fiver such book at the times aforesaid, to the surveyor of eari* such distiller shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of Arc hundred pounds.

IiXyV. And

rfo6:,) Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. #8C- 4$*

LXXW. Arid belt further enacted, That if any distiller shaft Penalty on md out any spirits in any less quantity than thirty galions, or fitboat bring accompanied by a'legal permit, or if any spirits quan^tiL 1 Ml be delivered or carried out of any distillety between sun-set than 30 gal-Wiuiwrise, without notice first given to the officer of excise, who Ions, or st Ml from time to time be in charge of the distillery of such di-(ffleTj'to the intent that such Officer may be present to gauge such &c>Ice* bMts, every such distiller shall forfeit for1 every such offence the pounds; and all SUth spirits, and the casks or vessels fetaming the same, shall be forfeited* and shall and may be jfeed by any officer of excise.

ILXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where Collector era-dteies payable under this act by any distiller, shall be tid at the time when such duties are by this act made due and duties. iMe*: it shall be lawful for the collector of excise of the di-tin which the distillery of such distiller shall be situate, by Irtrratit under his hand and seal/to empower any person or per-to take and distrain all spirits, ' and all stills, still-heads, and and all coppers and other vessels and utensils for di-ig used in any such distillery* and all malt, corn, and ofhef rial* for distilling, and to catfSe the safne to be sold by pub-auction; and if after1 the payment of all duties and arrears tits dUe frrim such distiller* together With the costs and ex-l*of such taking and distraining, there shall be any surplus produce arising from tfiU sale thereof, such surplus shall be (forthwith tendered and paid to such distiller or his representatives;

always, that when any spirits shall be so taken and di-

1* it shUH and may be lawful for such distiller or his repre-3, at any time or Wines Befofe the day appointed for the ^thetebf* to Obtain permits? for conveying all or any part of,

Spirits, Upon hiS or their paying to the collector, towarSs.

afgtrig the duties so title and payable, the real value of such bints as he or they shall desire to remove 5 and the satne may Iftihbvrid adcohllhgly, and a proper permit or proper permits M, bn chiU application, be given for the same* in like manner as IhO such distress had been made.

k MXVf. And be it further enacted, That all stills, still-heads* All utensils M worms, and alFcfcppers and other vessels and utensils for in a distillery lufsing, having been used in any distillery, by what title orjeon- ^fll remain fcysffibe Sbbver the same shall be claimed, or ititfo whose hands ment ofdul" fever the same shall afterwards come, shall be liable and subject ties and pcT b* andr hereby charged with all debts due to the crown, and nalties. fanta of excise, Which shall be in arrear and owing by any person fenny spirits distilled or made within such distillery* and shaft bo be subject to the payment of all such penalties as shall have hen incurred by any person who shall have occupied or used such for ariy offence against this act; and it shall be lawfulact eases to levy such debts, duties, penalties, and forfeitures, by distress and sale of such utensils, as it would be lawful to db in ca|e the person owing such debts and duties, or incurring

Bounties to distillers using large stills; viz.

16 per cent, for stills of 1500 galions, 'and 8 per cent, for stills of 1000 gallons.

Bounty shall be payable monthly

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 83. [1806.

such penalties and forfeitures, was at the time the read proprietor of such utensils.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That during the continuance of this act, every distiller in Ireland who shall make use of any still, the body whereof, without the head or any other appendage thereto, shall contain one thousand five hundred gallons or upwards, shall be allowed and paid monthly by the collector of excise of the district, out of any money in his hands, a bounty after the rate of sixteen pounds for every one hundred, pounds of the amount of tho duties on spirits paid by such d % stiller in the month preceding; and every distiller in Ireland wi % shall make use of any still, the body whereof, without the or any other appendage thereto, shall contain one thousand

Silions, and shall not contain one thousand five hundred gall0 % all be allowed and paid in like manner a bounty after the raty of eight pounds for every one hundred pounds of the amount of the duties on spirits paid by such distiller in the month preceding.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That such bounty be from time to time paid by such collector, on the amount duties actually paid by such distiller, for a period of fourpreceding; and such bounty shall be received and recer by such distiller, on or before payment by him of duty for week next succeeding every such four weeks, if such dist shall demand the same*and such collector shall keep a sepanl account of all bounties so paid, and such distiller shall coofon to such regulations, with respect to such bounty, as the commissioners of excise for the time being shall direct and appoint^

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That u aaf

_____ distiller shall have or make use of more than one still, such

least still used, stiller shall be allowed a bounty on the whole amount of t duties paid by such distiller, after the rate payable in respect the still of the smallest size.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That every brazier worker in brass, copper, tin, or metal of any kina, in It before he shall make any still, still-head, or worm, shall out a licence from the said of of inland excise A Ireland, to follow the business making and repairing expressing his name and place of abode upon paper or parch^i ment, signed by one commissioner, and stamped according qty law, to be in force until the twenty-fifth day of March following the issue thereof, and shall annually take out a similar licence on every twenty-fifth day of March* so long as he shafc continue to follow such his trade; Snd if any such brazier 0*4 worker shall make at any time or in any place, or repair soft still, still-head, or worm, without having obtained such licence Penalty 100l. he or she shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds $ and 4r tools, utensils for working metals, tin, or copper plates, still-heads, or worms, and all pieces thereof, or preparations &*. making the Same, which shall be found in his er her possession shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise, w n \ LXXXI. And

' by

Bounty payable according to the

Braziers shall take out annual licences.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 8ff. 433

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Security to be cence shall be granted to any person until he shall enter into f^ns'nwd rc" ond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the sum of by^raziers.

*0 hundred pounds, with two sufficient sureties in the sum of ae hundred pounds each, conditioned that he will from time)time make a true return, verified by affidavit, to the nearest Beer of excise, of the name and place of abode of every person w* whom he shall make or repair any still, still-head, or worm, gether with the nuxhber of gallons each still shall contain, renty-four hours at the least after makiftg or repairing the me, and before he shall suffer the same to be taken or de-rered out of his house, shop, or place of work j and that he nil also, within three days after the end of each quarter of a aur, from the quarter-day next following after the commence-wt of his licence, make a return to the collector of the district herein he shall work of the whole number of stills, still-heads, id worms, made or repaired by him in the preceding quarter of rear, with the name and place of abode of every person for whom \ shall have made or repaired the same, and the number of Ikms each such still so made or repaired shall contain, or thatha8 not made or repaired any still, still-head, or worm, in course of the preceding quarter of a year.

fcXXXII. And be it further enacted, That every brazier or Brazier shall fcer person making any still whatsoever, shall, before disposing stamp name the same, stamp on the breast of such still, over that part and contents tteof wheTe the cock of such still shall be placed, and alsQ ^acts. 8 fthe head of such still respectively, the name and place of Penalty 10l. science of such maker, and also the name and place of resi-Oce of the person to whom the same shall be disposed of, at I length, in Roman letters, and the year of our Lord, in which ch still shall be disposed of, in figures, and the number of the Dons also in figures which such still and head respectively shall capable of containing, such letters and figured tet be sunk in p metal of such still, and not less than half'an inch long, under b of forfeiting for every default therein the sum of ten pounds;

A if any such still shall afterwards (re enlarged; the: brazier person enlarging the same, shall' in like manner stamp the saber of gallons such still or still-head respectively shall be pable of containing after such enlargement thereof, under a e penalty of ten pounds.

LXXXIxL And be it further enacted, That if any brazier or Penalty on ler person dealing in brass, copper, tin or other metal, shall persons hav-kfce or have in his or her possession, and if any distiller shall ^stills not re* keep, or make use of any still, the proportion of the dia- proportions* stars and altitude whereof shall be contrary to this act, every directed by sh still shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any this act. icer of excise, and the person or persons making, keeping, or Ioo/* iing the san?e, or having the same in his or her possession, til forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

MLXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no brazier or Penalty on xer p&ton dealing ifl brass, copper, tin, or other metal, shall braziers hav-Voi-Xm F.

than 500 gallons without licence, ao/.

No still shall be conveyed without permit; penalty 10l.

Permit shall be delivered up to officer, and certificate thereof given by him.

Penalties on unlicensed persons hav-stills, spirits, or wash in their

possession, % o/; andaoj. per galion, See.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. ^1806.

make or have in his or her possession any still, die content of the body whereof, without the head or any appendage thereto, shall be less than five hundred galions, other than and except any such still only as may be licensed by the commissioners of excise, under the provisions of this act, nor unless such brazier or other person shall have previously obtained a licence from some one commissioner of excise for making or keeping the same; and in case such still shall be of less content than fire hundred galions, setting forth that the same is for the use of j some chymist, apothecary, or other person duly licensed to tut the same; and if any such still shall be found in the possessor, of any brazier dr other person as aforesaid, who shall not pto^ duce a licence for making or keeping the same, such brazier other person shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and sun still shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excisu

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no brazier or mirtf facturer of metal, or other person, in Ireland, shall send or can vey any still, still-head, or worm, to any person whomsoevertheless a permit granted by an officer of excise for die remove of such still, still-head, or worm, shall have been obtained such brazier, manufacturer, or other person; and such pent shall contain in the body thereof the name of the brazier, or mas facturer thereof, or other person sending the same, and of i person or persons to whom, and the place to which such id still-head, or worm, is intended to be sent, and also the coate in gallons of such still, and the head thereof respectively; and era such still, still-head; and worm, which shall be found conveys pr conveyed, and for the conveyance of which such permit sin not be produced, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by n person whatever, and the brazier, manufacturer, or other pa son sending or conveying the same, shall forfeit the sum of ti pounds. 4

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the person whom apy such-still shall be conveyed shall, within forty-eid hours after the arrival of such still, deliver up the permit wxk which such still shall have been conveyed, to the proper offifl of the walk in which such person shall reside, and such offici shall thereupon grant a certificate to such person in lieu of me permit; and if any such still shall be found in the possession! any person after the expiration of forty-eight hours from Si arrival thereof, without such certificate, such still shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of excise.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case ia still, still-head, or worm, or other utensil for distilling of spirit! $ha]J be found in the possession of any person, not being a bnxid or not being duly licensed to have or keep the same, and kr any spirits exceeding the quantity of four galions, (except si spirits for which a permit or certificate shall be produced, )! any wash, pot-ale, low wines, or singlings, shall be found in tks possession of any person not duly licensed under this act, such person shall for every such still, still-head, worm, or other utensil

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. 435

for distilling of spirits, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and for every gallon of such spirits, and for every ten gallons of such wash or pot-ale, and for every three gallons of such low wines w singlings, the sum of twenty shillings: and all such stills, itili-heads, worms, or other utensils, and all spirits^ wash, poN tie, low wines, and singlings so found, shall be forfeited, and bay be seized by any officer of excise.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall Penalty on brbour, keep, or conceal, or shall knowingly permit to be har- Per?n8 c<?n" Itttired, kept, or concealed, or shall give any aid or assistance, ^8Pint8> I reward, to any person or persons to harbour, keep, or conceal, J*ly spirits, low wines, singlings, wash, or pot-ale, which shall pre been unlawfully made or distilled, every such person, so fending, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five blinds; and all such spirits, low wines? singlings, wash, and pot-fc, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person in Unlicensed feW, shall make use of any still, still-head, or worm for dis- distillers de-Ifog, or shall make or distil any low wines, singlings, or spirits,

sbaH brew, make, or ferment any wort, wash, or pot-ale, meanor, and rith, aifd with the intent to distil low wines, singlings, or punishable fits, without having a licence in force pursuant to law for accordingly; "ling, every such person shall be deemed and taken to be second^offence y of a misdemeanor; and it shall be lawful for any justice be trans-e peace residing near to the place where such offence shall ported.

1 committed, on information on oath of any such offence, to be his warrant for the apprehension of such person, and on bninatiort into the complaint, to commit such person to gaol, be to remain until delivered by due course of law; and in to any indictment shall be found against such person, he or i shall plead thereto, without' having time to traverse the tte; and it' shall be lawful for the court, by and before whom: h person shall be tried and convicted, to inflict such punish-tot on such person for the first offence as may by law be in-ited on persons guilty of misdemeanors; and for the second to sentence such person, so convicted, to be transported the term of seven years.

C. And whereas the penalties heretofore imposed on' town-lands I places wherein any unlicensed still or other uUnsil for distilling jnrits were se'vzedy have been found ineffectual to prevent such unused stills or other utensils, and it is expedient to m&ke other proms in order to prevent all frauds collusion, ami connivance withd to the using such unlicensed stills or other utensils: be it there- On informa-i enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any justice of tion to a jus-peace, and he is hereby required, upon information upon oath of an* un-CC lim ^hren, that any unlicensed still or other utensil for dis- licensed still, ng of spirits has been found, or is used in any place withiphe shall return jurisdiction of such justice, to examine into the truth of such the same to rrmation; arridif he shall find reason to believe that such still siz^sf where idlerutefisil has been soused or found, he shall bind over the the fact shall ion or persons giving such information to appear at the assizes be tried, and 6 F f 2 - (ora fine of 50l.

436 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. [1806.

imposed on (or presenting tern, if in the county or county of the city of j afiii Dublin) which shall be next ensuing after the expiration of acftn i

which the still Dublin) which shall be next ensuing after the expiration of is found or days from the day of such information, to give evidence, if ne-

tted.

Application of penalty.

cessary, in support of such information: and such justice shall cause notice of such information to be served on any two inhabitants of the parish being householders, (or if such still or other utensil shall be found or used in any extra-parochial place, or on the mearings or bounds of any two or more parishes, then on two such inhabitants of the town-land) in which it shall appear by such information that any such unlicensed still or other utensil was found or used, seven days at the least previous to tlx commission day of such assizes, or first day of such presenting term; and such justice shall, at or before such assizes or presenting term, deliver to the clerk of the crown all such infer-mations so made before him, and all examinations taken by him thereon respectively, and such clerk of the crown shall lay the same before the court at the said respective assizes or presenting term: and in case any person liable to pay any grand jurycei in such parish or town-land respectively shall appear at such resizes or presenting term, and shall offer to controvert the factor finding or using such still or other utensil, or the fact jhatac) such still or other utensil was unlicensed, or that the parish a town-land mentioned in any such information was the parish a town-land wherein such still or other utensil was so found 0 used; or shall offer to prove that any such still or other utensil found within such parish or town-land, was collusivoly left 0. brought there for the purpose of charging such parish or town land with the penalty by this act imposed on such parish ortowj land, and was not used in distillation within such parish or town land; it shall be lawful for the court, at the same assizes 0 presenting term, and such court is hereby required, to try th fact or facts so offered to be controverted or proved, in the sir; manner as the trial of a traverse to any presentment of a gra: jury; upon which trial the person having given such informal: as aforesaid shall be a competent witness: and if a verdict sli be given agreeable to the information so made to such justice the peace, or if no person shall appear at such assizes ot pi senting term to controvert or prove the facts as aforesaid, sue court shall fine such parish or town-land in the sum of fifty pouiv and shall direct the treasurer of the county, county of a town city, to issue his warrant for levying the said sum of fifty pouG off the parish or town-land respectively, in which it shall app. by such information that such still was found or used; wh; said sum of fifty pounds shall be levied by the collector of th grand jury cess, in like manner, and with like powers, authoring and remedies, in case of non-payment thereof, or of any p-thereof, as are provided by law in respect to any money to h levied under any presentment of a grand jury: and every su: ! fine or sum of fifty pounds, after deducting the costs of recov; ing the same, shall be applied in manner herein after meatier that is to say, one moiety (after*such deduction) of every sue

' fil

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. 437

fine or sum of fifty pounds as shall be levied oif any parish or town-land in the county of the city of Dublin, or the liberties thereunto belonging, or in the county of Dublin, shall be paid by die treasurer of the said county and county of the city of Dublin to the society for discountenancing vice and promoting virtue in the said city, for the use of the said society; and one moiety (after such deduction) of such sum of fifty pounds as shall be levied in any other parish or town-land in Ireland, shall be jnid by the treasurer of the county, county of a town or city,

in which such parish or town-land is situate, to the treasurer of tihe public infirmary or hospital of such county, for the use of pach infirmary or Hospital; and the other moiety (after such -deduction) of such sum of fifty pounds shall in all cases be paid 4y the treasurer of such county, county of a town or city, to any tolicer of excise or customs who shall have given such information to such justice of the peace as hereinbefore mentioned, and iwho shall appear at such assizes or presenting term pursuant to iis recognizance to prosecute the same, and shal) he applied by bach officer in rewarding himself and his assistants, in such tounner, and in such proportions, as the said of of rise shall order and direct; and in case the informer shall not an officer of excise or customs, such last mentioned moiety ter such deduction) shall be paid by such treasurer according the directions of the court, either to such informer, or to such fusdce of the peace, to be by such justice applied in rewarding the person or persons from whom he received such information, to otherwise, towards the suppressing of all unlicensed stills arithin his jurisdiction, in such manner as to such justice shall Item most fitting and expedient: provided always, thar in case be amount of the sum payable under this act, to the infirmary to hospital of the county, county of a town or city in which the parish or town-land shall be situate, off which any such fine shall to levied, shall at any one assizes exceed the sum of one hundred tod fifty pounds, or in case there shall not be any such county bfirmary or hospital, then and in either of such cases respectively, it shall and may be lawful for the court to direct, that all nuns of money, which shall exceed the said amount of one hunted and fifty pounds, or which by this act are made payable tp he treasurer of the county infirmary, shall be paid and applied 0 the erecting of a ward for idiots and lunaticks in any such ofirmary, or shall be paid and applied to such other infirmary r charitable institution within such county, as the said court hall think fit.

XCI. And in order to reimburse to the several inhabitants or land-dders in any parish or town^land, upon or by whom any money shall we been levied or paid on account of any penalty in respect of any nlicensed stilly or other utensil, by virtue of any warrant from any reasurer as aforesaid the money paid by them respectively on such ccount; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Forreimburs-ne inhabitant or landholder in any parish or town-land, who tantsthe fine" hall have paid any such money or penalty, or any part thereof, inflicted for

to unlawful stiller

43

isea sai r ier wi*

of soi y sopafl

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. [1806.

to proceed on behalf of the whole parish or town-land, at any time within three years from the time when any such money was paid, by civil bill against the person who was the owner cl the unlicensed still or other utensil on account of which any such money was so levied and paid, or against the person who made use of the same, or against the person in whose tenement the same was seized, for the recovery of the whole of the money so paid by the inhabitants or landholders of such parish or town-uad on account of such penalty, in respect of such unlicensed sdl r or other utensil; and any such inhabitant or landholder shall first proceed in manner aforesaid for the recovery money, shall recover the amount of the penalty or money by such parish or town-land, in the same manner as any debt demand in ordinary cases recoverable by civil bill, may be i covered and levied, with full costs 5 and the money so recovered shall be paid to the person suing for the same, and shall be him applied in repayment, to and among himself and the othe* landholders and inhabitants of such parish or town-land, of tbi respective shares and proportions paid by them respectively on account of such penalty, in such manner as the assistant banistei or judge of assize before whom such recovery shall be had, sha order and direct: provided always, that no sum of money da be recovered in manner aforesaid, on behalf of any parislt fl town-land, by more than one person, on account of one and th same penalty, levied on any such parish or town-land in respe^ of any unlicensed still or other utensil; and that if more person than one shall proceed by civil bill on account of one and tb same penalty, the assistant barrister, or judge of assize, sha dismiss the Dill of every person, so proceeding, except that of tb person who shall have first proceeded in manner aforesaid, a account of such penalty.

Penalty on XCII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or pal

siveW'briDeimrsons Su^t)r any collusion, in leaving or bringing in 0

unlicensed b into any parish or town-land, any unlicensed still or other uterai for'distilling of spirits, whereby such parish or town-land shallb

stills into parishes; 10l. &c.

or become liable to the payment of any fine under this act, everrf

- II

person so offending shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds; and such person shall be an officer, appointed by or acting under tbl of of inland excise and taxes, or the commissioocfl of customs and port duties, such person shall, upon convictkl for such offence, be and is hereby declared and rendered i&i capable of holding any office or employment whatsoever, civil military, under his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or under toy authority derived from his Majesty, his heirs or successors. / XCIII. And whereas the allowing spirits made or distilled fro* corn in Ireland, to be warehoused there for exportation without pets* Distillers may ment of^duty of excise chargeable in Ireland thereony may tend warehouse promote the profitable export thereof; be it therefore enacted, Thit \ spirits within it shall and may be lawful for every distiller or maker of suchi cert^n regida-S^tSn drelandy to warehouse his spirits for exportation without tions.*payment of such duty of excise; according to the provisions of

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. 439

this act, and subject to such niles and regulations as the said commissioners of excise in Inland shall, from time to time, direct or order in any of his Majesty's stores or warehouses at the ports'of Dublin, Drogheda, Dundalk, Newry, Belfast, Galway,

Limerick, Londonderry, Cork, Toughall, Waterford, IV exford, Sligo,

Westport, and KinsaJe, or at any other port in Ireland, in which, or in the district in which suen port shall be situated, stills of not less than five hundred gallons in content shall be hereafter licensed by the said of: provided always, that no spirits of a strength less than a strength equal to one to ten over hydrometer proof, by Clarkds hydrometer, or by such other hydrometer as shall be approved of by the commissioners for executing he office of lord high treasurer of Ireland, shall be so warehoused; tnd that all such spirits shall be contained in casks of not less than me hundred gallons content, and that there be marked on the lead of each cask in letters or figures cut therein, the number i gallons of spirits in such casks, and the strength of the spirits ttitained therein, at the time of the storing thereof.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as Distiller shall distiller shall intend to warehouse spirits for exportation, he ^officers* give notice in writing to the officer or officers of excise who anj gtore-Ibe placed over the distillery of such distiller, and also to the keeper of ekeeper at the port of exportation, of such his intention, in the time he Ifcch notice shall be set forth the number and content in gallons ^house f each cask which such distiller so intends to warehouse, and the any spirits.

IOf and hour of the day on which such distiller intends to com-lence the removal of such spirits to the warehouse, which day bll not be more distant than six dap, nor nearer than three iqfs from the time of such notice: provided always, that no moral of any spirits for such purpose shall be allowed without ermits according to law, and containing all such particulars as till be directed by the commissioners of excise; nor shall any ich removal take place on any custom-house holiday, nor com-lence at any time of the day before the hour of nine in the mom-

c, or after the hour of two in the afternoon.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That the officer of excise to Officer shall born such notice shall have been given, in manner aforesaid, at> all attend at the stores of every such distiller, at the time men- gtoi^dnring med as aforesaid in such notice, and such officer shall continue removal, ere until the whole of the spirits for which such notice has been ren, shall be removed out of the stores of such distiller, under rmits as aforesaid; and that immediately after the removal of ch spirits, such officer shall take stock on sucht distiller, and shall t forth in the stock-book the decrease occasioned by the removal all such spirits: and in case the whole or any part of the Penalty on irits for the removal of which a permit shall be granted as afore- not delivering

d, shall not be delivered into his Majesty's stores within the spirits pur-

*t.t.1 suanttoper-

ne prescribed in the permit or permits for conveying the same, mit, ioj.per

in case such spirits when so delivered, shall not be and remain galion, See.

the same strength, and quality in every respect of which they

ere at the time of the granting such permit or permits, Except

by

le in

440

On warehousing spirits, storekeeper shall give distiller a receipt for the same.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. [1806.

in cases of unavoidable Necessity, proved to die satisfaction of said commissioners of excise, or any three of them,) the&tik of such spirits, for the removal of which out of his stores, a pert mitshall have been granted as aforesaid, shall, for every gaBon spirits not so delivered, or which shall not be of the sutngt and quality aforesaid, forfeit the sum of ten shillings, and sm also forfeit a gallon of spirits for every gallon so defitient quantity j and it shall be lawful for the officer of excise to sei and take out of the stores of such distiller, a gallon of spiritri every gallon which shall be so deficient; and it sh^JJ and may lawful for the said of, or any three of them, to wn draw and annul any licence before that time granted to sudd tiller, if they shall riiink fit so to do.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That immediately on arrival of such spirits under proper permits, at his Majesty's stoi the proper officer shall gauge and take an account of every a and the strength of the spirits contained therein, and shall ento account thereof in a book to be by him kept for the purpo and thereupon the storekeeper shall receive the same with delay into his Majesty's stores $ and shall deliver to the distil or person requiring the same for the use of such distiller, a rec for such spirits, specifying the number of the different ca with their gauge, and the quantity and strength of the $p contained in mem, with the day of the month and year i such spirits were stored, and any marks which may te pni such casks by such distiller for distinguishing the spirits tc his property.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That such receipt shal delivered over within a reasonable time by every such distill* the officer of the walk where such distiller shall reside, or c* on the business of a distiller, and such officer shall immedia return to such distiller a copy thereof signed by himself; upon the delivery of such receipt, and not before, it shall be ful for such officer to deduct from the number of gallon spirits with which such distiller shall have been charge chargeable, the number of gallons so warehoused, and to re the charge against the distiller to the collector of excise forth maining number of galions, which shall be a charge against distiller accordingly and every such officer shall annex to return the storekeeper's receipt, as his voucher for having i such deduction as aforesaid.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That such spirits whai w L<l*cll be so warehoused, shall not be taken or carried out of tin

out, burunder warehouse on any account whatsoever, otherwise than in manna this act. and pursuant to the provisions and directions herein after me> tioned and contained.

Taking spirits XCIX. And be it further enacted, That so often as any pen# warehousing spirits in Ireland, shall be desirous of shipping fa exportation any quantity of such spirits, such person shall deliver to the storekeeper, five days at least before the time when Jie intends to ship suclx spirits, a note in writing, requiring such

Distiller shall deliver such receipt to officer, who shall then deduct the spirits so warehoused from the distiller'^ stock, and charge the remainder only with duty.

Spirits warehoused shall not be taken

out of warehouse for exportation.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. 4^1

storekeeper to deliYer such casks as such person may intend to export, specifying the number of casks, and the quantity of spirits intended to be shipped, as set forth in the receipt given to such person bp the storekeeper, at the time when such spirits were admitted into the warehouse, and mentioning the time when such person proposes to ship such spirits, and the name and destination of the ship or vessel \ and it shall be lawful for the officer attending the warehouse from which such spirits are to be*liken, before the delivery thereof from such warehouse, to mark '

ptvj cask of such spirits with such mark as the said commissioners of excise shall direct; and if any spirits so intended for exportation shall, after having been received in his Majesty's stores, and Wore their actual exportation, be altered in quality, quantity* or ptrength, except by decrease, occasioned from leakage, waste, or accident, all such spirits, and the casks containing the same, shall pe forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue of customs or excise.

\ C. And be it further enacted, That before any such spirits dull be delivered out of any such warehouse for exportation, the outCfor v iarson or persons intending to export the same shall, with one or exportation, tore sufficient surety or sureties, give bond to his Majesty in dou- bond shall be lb the value of such spirits^ and of the excise-duty which would Pvento ex-

It due and payable thereon, if such spirits were taken out for tjuTports^ pwne consumption, conditioned that such spirits shall (thecified. gangers of the seas or enemies excepted) be exported to and landed pt such port a* shall be specified in such bond, without alteration in quality or quantity, except what may be occasioned by leakage, waste, or accident, and shall not be landed in any other pace, nor relanded in Ireland.

CI. And be it further enacted, That upon the exporter of such produc-

irits, or some person on behalf of such exporter, producing to fixate that

pie storekeeper of the warehouse, and to the officer attending the bond has been

pme, a certificate from the proper officer, that such bona and given so much

security hath been given, the storekeeper of such warehouse, and

officer attending the same, shall deliver such spirits as shall be therein D

mentioned in such certificate to be exported$ and such storekeeper shall be deli-

shall cause the said spirits to be sent under the care of a proper vered with a

Officer, at the expence of the owner, to the quay where the ship

pr vessel shall be stationed, there to be delivered into the custody fog the ship-

of the shipping officer on such quay, and shall at the same time ping of the

deliver a permit for the quantity so sent, in which permit shall be spirits for ex-

also mentioned the date when the spirits were warehoused j and Portation.

all such spirits shall remain in the care and custody of the

shipping officer on the quay until shipped or exported; and

all such spirits shall be shipped in the same casks in which they

were originally warehoused, with the marks, numbers, and notes

of the contents thereon, except in cases of damaged or leaky casks,

which may be changed with the leave of the commissioners of the

customs, or of the chief officer of the port; and like marks shall be cut on the head of each new cask as had been cut on the leaky

or damaged casks; and all such spirits shall be shipped only in yt-

SUch

How spirits

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. &8. [1806.

such vessels as by law spirits of Irish manufacture mly be skipped for exportation, subject to all regulations, forfeitures, and penalties, in respect of relanding or unshipping the same, as are or may be contained in any act or acts respecting spirits shipped Ireland for exportation to Great Britain or elsewhere, and um not contrary to the provisions of this act. j

be taken ^11. And be it further enacted, That if any person so waioj ou/for home ^ous*ng spirits for exportation, shall desire to take the same, od consumption, any quantity thereof, not less than five hundred galions, ot m his Majesty's warehouse for home consumption, it shall and nj be lawful for such person so to do, on paying to the collector! excise for the district the full amount of the duty of excise* spirits payable in respect of such spirits, for the quantity whit each and every such cask contained at the time of its being war* housed, together with a sum after the rate of ten pounds ft every one hundred pounds by the year on the amount of the ssi duties, from the expiration of sixty days after the day of storis such spirits, till the time of taking the same out for home consumption; and upon the production of the collector's receipt fa such duty to the storekeeper, it shall be lawful for him to discharge the casks mentioned in the collector's receipt, and to d liver a permit for the conveyance of the same to the owner there* or to such place as such owner shall direct or require. Warehoused CIII. And be it further enacted, That spirits so wareboai) spirits may be may be removed, at the desire of the owner thereof, fromk

ports.

Warehouses may be visited

Majesty's warehouse at any one port, to the like warehouse at El other port as afore-mentioned, under such regulations as the lA of of customs shall order in respect thereof.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful forth

by proprie- proprietor of any such spirits, so to be lodged in any warehot*

tors.

If spirits are not exported within four months, dec. they may be told for payment of duties.

as aforesaid, in the presence of the storekeeper or other offied who are hereby required to attend at all reasonable times for tha purpose, not oftener than once a week, to view, examine, an shew for sale such spirits, or any part thereof, and to examisj the state of the casks, and to prevent leakage or damage theran* CV. And be it further enacted, That if any spirits shall remail in his Majesty's warehouses, after having been received theme under the provisions of this act, for more than four calends! months, or such further times the said of of custoaq or any three of them, shall appoint, on special application mad* to them, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioned or any three of them, to direct, that such spirits shall be puhEdy sold, giving seven days publick notice thereof $ and the produ arising from such sale shall be applied in the first place tt> the I' charge of all the duties thereon, computing such duties on \ number of gallons which each and every cask contained at At < time of its being warehoused, without any allowance for wasted j leakage, together with a sum after the rate of ten pounds for ertft pne hundred pounds by the year, on the amount of the said duties, from the expiration of sixty days after the storing of nek spirit*, pntil the sale thereof; and the remainder, after

ail

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. 443

U expence of warehousing and sale, shall be paid over to the wher of such spirits.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That on the exportation of Drawback in ny such spirits, which shall have been warehoused in manner *&* foresaid, no drawback or allowance whatever shall be given oru lid, other than and except a drawback of ten-pence (British I0* British, arrency) upon every gallon of such spirits, as and in lieu of the aty paid on the malt used and consumed in the making of such )irits (or other than and except such other drawbacks which shall r may by law from time to time hereafter, as occasion may re-iiire, be granted, given, or allowed,) unless and until all duties Fexcise, which would have been due and payable on such spirits t Ireland, in case the same had not been warehoused under this ft, shall be first fully paid and satisfied; which drawback is jreby required to be paid and satisfied on such export, subject all rules and regulations in force in Ireland respecting draw-icks.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any spirits No drawback ade or distilled from com in Ireland, which shall not have been ^all be paid strehoused in one of his Majesty's warehouses under the pro- ^rehomedf pons of this act, shall be entered for exportation to Great entered for*fttainy no drawback shall be paid, or debenture made out for exportation wring the same, unless due proof shall be first made by due to.Great Bri-rse of permits, tracing such identical spirits from the original o^prooTof btillery to the port or place of exportation, and by such other payment of ridence as shall be required, to the satisfaction of the said com- duty without issioners of customs, or any three of them, that each and every allowance, or ilkm for which such drawback shall be claimed has paid the JJJtbe iB duties due and payable thereon, by any law in force in Ire- refunded. nd, without any allowance out of or on payment of such duties, id that the distiller of such spirits has not received any allow-ice or bounty on account of the size or contents of any still or ills used by such distiller 5 or unless all such allowances or bounds as may have been allowed to or received by such distiller in spect of the amount of the duty on such spints, on account of te size or contents of any such still or stills, shall be refunded or paid to or for the use of his Majesty, in such manner as such wnmissioners of customs may from time to time order and rect in that behalf; and if such allowance or bounty shall not s refunded and repaid on exportation to Great Britain, such al-wance or bounty shall be deemed a part-payment in advance of le drawback payable by law, and the remaining part only of such: awback shall be paid on such export 5 any act or acts in force 1 Ireland, or any usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such of ^iritsfor^ nrits which shall not have been warehoused under this act, shall exportation & entered for exportation to Great Brtain, the person entering to Great Bri-lch spirits for exportation shall state or cause to be stated in the J*, n* no} ntry thereof, whether any allowance has been made out of or on warehoused, ayment of the duties payable on such

444

excise act 14 & 15 C. 2 c. 8.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88. [1806.

claimed or paid in respect thereof, on account of the size or contents of the still or stills used by the distiller of such spirits, or 00 any other account, or under any other pretext whatsoever, and the amount of such allowance or bounty; and if such perm shall neglect so to do, or shall make any false or untrue aUH< ment with respect to any such allowance or bounty, all spirits m entered for exportation shall be forfeited, and may be seized*any officer or officers of customs or excise, and the person ei ing the same for exportation shall also forfeit the sum of n j hundred pounds.

a^pUcSwn^f CIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every die penalties as penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, shall be paid

under Irish recovered in British currency, and shall and rtiay be sued for

recovered, levied, and applied in such manner and form, and such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities! are prescribed, directed, and appointed, in and by an act of liament made in Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth y< the reign of his late majesty Charles the Second, intituled An for the settling of the excise or new impost upon his Majesty, Ids k and successors, according to the hook of rates therein inserted, or in t by any act passed, or to be passed, in this present session of liament, to provide for the better execution of the several relating to the revenues, matters and things, under the ment of the commissioners of customs, and port-duties, and of of inland excise, and taxes in Ireland, or in any other act or acts in force in Ireland, relating to the said matters and things, or either of them, as fully and effectually, all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the same were ] cularly mentioned and expressed, and re-enacted in this act j like remedy of appeal to and for the party and parties who think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and the said acts, or any of them is provided and enacted.

CX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall maybe lawful to and for any one justice of the peace within jurisdiction, where any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture not ceeding ten pounds shall be incurred under this act, to hear determine the same, and to convict the party offending on his her own confession, or on the oath of any one credible witness; in all such cases, one moiety of the penalty or forfeiture shall paid to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of Hit parish, in which the offence shall have been committed, or conviction made, at the discretion of the justice: and suchjtt^ tice of the peace is hereby authorised and required, upon infbr- mation made on oath in that behalf, within three months aftatjj the offence committed, to Summon the party accused, andafaff the witness or witnesses upon either side, and if upon confes^otl of the party accused or examination of any witness orwitnSMj on oath, which oath such justice is hereby empowered to a<tai-nister, such party shall be convicted of the offence alleged against him, then it shall be lawful for such justice, and he is heo&T required to award and issue out a warrant under his hand and

*fal

Penalties under 10l. may be recovered before one justice within three months.

445

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 88.

teal to any constable of the county, for levying 'the penalty or Jbrfeiture incurred on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case the same shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, (if any,) after deducting the expence of such sale; and for want of sufficient distress, it shall be lawful for such justice, and he is required to commit such offender to gaol for any time not exceeding three months, or until such penalty or forfeiture shall be

r'd; and if any person shall find himself or herself aggrieved Appeal to # the judgement of the said justice, then such person shall and ffay complain or appeal to the justices of the peace at the next

r eral quarter-sessions for the county, and such justices are here-empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally tp hear and determine the complaint or appeal; and in case |be conviction of the party shall be affirmed, such justices shall |wue their warrants for levying the penalty and forfeiture as afore-toid, and also for levying on the goods of the appellants such sum pot exceeding forty shillings, as the said justices shall appoint, for*i costs of such appeal, to be paid to the informer: and where

such pecuniary penalty or forfeiture shall exceed the sum of above 10l. pounds, the same may be sued for and recovered by any per- may be reco-who shall sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or vcred by aeration, or by civil bill, in any of the courts of record intlon*

>/in, or at the quarter-session of the peace, or at the assizes any county or county of a town or city in Ireland; and it shall lawful for the court before whom any such penalty shall be: overed to order the offender to be committed to gaol, there remain for any time, in the discretion of such court, or until ^&ch fine or forfeiture be fully paid and satisfied.

k CXI. And be it further enacted, That no conviction made or Proceedings jHeged to be made by any justice of the peace, nor any proceed- of ?ot

ing before such justice, or before any justices of the peace at the ceJSoraru*quarter-sessions, nor any sentence or order given or made, or alleged to be given or made by any such justice or justices, under or by virtue of this act, shall be removed by writ of frr-tkrari out of the county, city, town, or place wherein such conviction or proceeding snail have been had or made, into any court whatsoever; and that no writ of Certiorari shall supersede execution or other proceedings upon such conviction, order, or sentence so made or given in pursuance of this act, but that execution and other proceedings shall be had and made thereupon, any such writ ot Certiorari, or allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That any justice of the Penalty on peace or magistrate, in Ireland who shall neglect or refuse inm^gl, bate any instance to carry this act into execution, upon a proper ap- to ^asrt? plication made to him, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds British quired by currency, for every such neglect os. refusal, to be recovered by this act, 50& action, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Ireland, by the person who shall have made such application, in which no essoign, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed; the money recovered by 9uch action to be applied as to one half thereof, tc> the person

suing

446 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 89, 90. [1806.

43 G. 3. C. 98. repealed.

Commencement of act.

suing for the same* and the other half to be paid to the minister) rector, or churchwarden of the parish wherein such justice of the peace or magistrate shall reside, for the use of the poor therein.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That an act made in the forty-thircl year of his present Majesty^ reign, intituled An to amend the acts now in forcefor securing the collection of the revem upon malty and for regulating the trade of a distiller in Ireland, shah be, and the same is hereby repealed.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall coat* mence and take effect upon and from the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several adsf the purchase of buildings and further improvement of the atieelfl and places near to Westminster Hall, and the two houses of Pafl liament.

[July 16, 1806.]

Ground and premises purchased under acts, 41 Geo. 3. c. 13. 44 Geo. c. 62. and 45 G. 3. c. 115. shall remain vested in his Majesty. P<r of said acts vested in of to cease., Commissioners powered to purchase all ground and premises in the streets places described in the recited acts, which shall not have been so chased, and also the ground and premises in the streets and places ' in this act, and with the consent of the Treasury may purchase other premises as they think fit. Premises when so purchased to his Majesty. Commissioners may direct or contract for taking houses. Scc. and for disposing of the materials. Money arising from of materials to be applied m paving the streets and erecting buikhafll &c. Commissioners to render an account to the Treasury. Pirauq| not to be leased under any act relating to the crown-lands unless with tie consent of the of General of named is ad Geo 3. c. 61. to proceed in erecting the sessions-house. Value m premises in case of dispute or defect of title, 8cc. to be settled by a jmji Verdict to be final. Conveyances of premises to be executed on teakq. of purchase-money assessed. In default of title or refusal to exec*' conveyance, money to be paid into the Bank. On payment of money h the Bank, premises to vest in his Majesty. Money belonging to coi tions or incapacitated persons amounting to aoo/.to be paid into the and to be applied under the direction of the court of Chancery, cation of such purchase-money. Persons in possession of 1 deemed lawfully entitled until the contrary shall be shewn to the court Chancery, who may order the expences of purchases to be paid by the* of Commissioners to lay out plans for altering, pttltmp down or rebuilding houses. See. and to make regulations for presenting annoyances. Plans and regulations to be laid before the Treasury fix their approbation. Commissioners may issue their orders to any officerr or persons they think necessary for carrying their plans into effect. Coofcf missioners to make a report yearly to the Treasury of the progress made in their plans.

CAP. XC.

An act to enable his Majesty annually to train and exercise a ptoper-tion of his subjects in England, under certain regulattonsy and men effectually to provide for the defence of the realm.

[July 16, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the forty-third year of the rap of lus present Majesty, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the present session of par-

- ^yV3CJOg^, r

447

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 90.

lament, intituled, 1 An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence and security of the realm during the present war, and for indemnifying persons who may suffer in flrir property by such measures as may be necessary for that purpose; and to enable his Majesty more effectually and speedily p exercise his ancient and undoubted prerogative in requiring fc military service of his liege subjects in case of invasion of fce realm: and whereas another act was passed in the forty-third par of the reign of ius present Majesty, intituled An act to amend |i act made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act 43 0.3.0* no. 0 amend and render more effectual an act passed in the present ession of parliament, intituled, u An act to enable his Majesty lore effectually to provide for the defence and security of the*n during the present hostilities, and for indemnifying persons may suffer in their property by such measures as may be |r for that purpose 5 " and to enable his Majesty more ly and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted (wogative in requiring the military service of his liege subjects case of invasion of the realm: 9 and whereas it is expedient that \said acts should be repealed, and that such of the provisions thereof P may be necessary to continue, should be consolidated in this act;

Bit therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with radvice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and hmons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the tkority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, Recited acts to said recited acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed, repealc<i*

And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's lieutenants Majesty's d deputy lieutenants, constituted and appointea by virtue ordepu^Seu-^ng in the execution of an act passed in the forty-second year tenant*, &c.

I the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending under militia \hnvs relating to the militia in England, and for augmenting the act 42

and - 9m -

d for augmenting the act 42 3* for the several counties, ridings, divisions, cities, and thisactmto in the said recited act mentioned; and all justices of the execution, bee, and all constables, tything-men, headboroughs, church-(rdens, and overseers of the poor, and other officers in the said tiled act mentioned respectively, shall have full power and ihority, and are hereby authorised, empowered, and required, tdo all acts, matters, and things, necessary for carrying this t into execution, in like manner and as fully and effectually as are respectively authorised, empowered, or required, to try into execution the said recited act; and it shall be lawful r such lieutenants and deputy lieutenants for that purpose to dd general and subdivision meetings, and adjourn such meetings tpectively from time to time, and to do any act, matter, or isg, required to be done under this act at any subsequent or her general or subdivision meeting.

ID. And be it further enacted, That all provisions, directions, Extending all luses, matters, and things whatever in this act contained re- provisions ring to counties, shall extend and be construed to extend to counti^to I ridings, divisions, cities and places; and all provisions, di- ridings, those ctions and clauses, matters, and things in this (^(Contained to hundred*"

0 'relating to raPeg>

to constables, totything-men, &c.

448 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 90. [1806.

and all powers relating to hundreds, shall extend and be construed to exten^to*- z\\ rapeSj lathes, wapentakes, and other divisions in or of any such county, riding, division, city, or place; and all provisions! t directions, clauses, matters, and things, in this act contained, relating to parishes, shall extend and be construed to extend to all townships, tythings, and places, and to all extra-parochial' places united therewith for the purposes of this act; and all; powers by this act given to any constable, shall extend to ai; tytKing-men, headboroughs, peace-officers, and other persons.; acting as constables in any counties, hundreds, parishes, and places in which there shall be no constable, as fully and as if they were severally and respectively repeated in every provision, direction, and clause, and with relation to every matter or thing.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful & his Majesty, on any returns now made or which shall hereafu be made or the numbers of persons liable to serve in the milifi in the several counties in England, under any act now in fora or under any act which may be passed in this session of pi liament, to direct his privy council to take such returns in

Privy council to apportion any number of men not exceeding 200, 000 among the counties, according toto cons*deration, and to apportion any number of men, not is number of ceeding two hundred thousand, among the said counties, j

persons returned liable

cording to the number so returned, and thereupon to direct A.the numbers so apportioned shall be transmitted to the res; milSa^f1 thC ^eUtenants of the said counties, notice whereof shall be England.

Notice to be published thrice in the Gazette.

Certain persons, though exempt from the militia, not to be ex-

upon thrice printed in the London Gazette; and such lieui shall, immediately after the last publication of such notice, mon general and subdivision meetings of lieutenancy in respective counties, and, at such general meetings, the numbcij so fixed for each respective county shall be divided and appori tioned among the hundreds of such respective counties, rah such subdivision meetings, the numbers so apportioned amoti each respective hundred shall be divided and apportioned anxfli the parishes of such respective hundreds, in the manner nowi use with respect to the militia.

V. And be it further enacted, That no articled clerk or a{ prentice, nor any person mustered, trained, or doing duty, or esK ployed in any of his Majesty's docks or dock yards, for the serric^ thereof, or employed and mustered in his Majesty's service & empt from be- the tower of London, Woolwich warren, the several gun-whaifri ingballotted at Portsmouth) or at the several powder-mills, powder-magazine^ underthisact.or ot^er store-houses belonging to his Majesty, under the dbWk'tion of the board of ordnance, nor any person being free of the* "company of watermen of the river Thames, nor any poor man!: who has more than one child born in wedlock, nor any permit serving by substitute in the militia, or under any act or ac^t frf raising any additional force for the defence of the realm, shall by reason thereof, respectively be exempt from being baOottd and trained, and exercised and serving under the provisions tf this act, notwithstanding such persons may, by reason of coming within any of such descriptions as aforesaid, respectively be exempt from serving in the militia.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. go. 44g

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no licensed Exempting teacher of any separate congregation, in holy orders or pretended body orders, and not carrying on any other trade, or exercising under lay other occupation for his livelihood, except that of a school-this act. Master, nor any medical man actually practising as such and Wflg a housekeeper, shall be liable to be ballotted or to be gained and exercised, or to serve under the provisions of this ict, so long only as they shall respectively continue within any of he descriptions aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Directing that

baking all such apportionments in relation either to counties, in making

pndreds, or parishes, regard shall be had to the number of persons

serving in yeomanry or volunteer corps in such counties, hun- be had* to the

Ireds, and parishes respectively, and exempt by reason thereof persons ac-

rom being ballotted, trained, and exercised under this act 5 and

bo to the number of persons in such counties, hundreds, and^1

arishes respectively exempt from serving in the militia, and der this act in

&o shall nevertheless be liable to be ballotted, trained, and ex-the county,

rcised under the provisions of this act, so as that all such ap-hun.<iJe<1>

Oftioninents shall be made on the numbers of persons in suchpan

{unties, hundreds, and parishes respectively, actually liable to e&rained and exercised under this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the clerks to such Clerks of ^ieral meetings shall, within seven days after making such ap- subdivision-Wtionments among the hundreds of their respective counties, meetings to" ^nsmit the same, duly Certified by the said general meetings transmit ap-upectively, to the respective clerks of the subdivision-meetings portionments. ithin their counties, on pain of forfeiting, for any neglect to Penalty for ansmit such apportionments, the sum of two hundred pounds, neglect l4 on pain of forfeiting, for omitting to transmit the same to ay hundred or hundreds, the sum of fifty pounds for each hunted so omitted5 and the clerks to such subdivision-meetings tall also, within seven days after the apportionment of the num-ST8 among the parishes of their subdivision, transmit the same

the high constables, who shall issue their precepts accordingly

the several constables of such respective parishes, on pain of tfeiting by the said clerks of subdivision-meetings for omitting transmit the same, one hundred pounds, and for omitting any Irish or parishes, the sum of twenty pounds for each parish nitted.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty Majesty to direct that any number of men not exceeding such ro hundred thousand as aforesaid in the whole, and in such counties of oportions as shall have been fixed for the several counties inanypropor-ngland respectively, shall be forthwith ballotted and enrolled fin* it of the lists of persons liable to serve in the militia, and from

e persons liable to serve under this act: and also from time to on -.

ne to direct that the whole of the number of persons so bal- - 1

tted and enrolled in any county, qr in any pajt or parts there-.

or any proportion of such number, to be taken either by illot or according to the ordpr in $rhich the names shall, have Vol.XLVI. Gg f ' LiOOgrq(eell;

45 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 90. [1806.

been ballotted, or according to any class or classes with respect to age, marriage, or number of children, shall be trained and " exercised under this act \ and that in consequence of any war-

rant to that effect under his Majesty's royal sign manual to the lieutenant of any such county, such ballot and training shall take place in manner herein after provided, and such lieutenactedull thereupon forthwith, by precept under his hand and seal, summon subdivision-meetings for the making of such ballots.

Regulatiomr X. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which suck Toluotemen^ ballot shall he 80 directed, and any persons between the ageiof rolling the m* eighteen and thirty years, and fit for military service, shall volw-selves. tarily enrol themselves for military service under the prorisiooi

of this act, in any parish, and shall agree to be trained and exercised, and to serve according to the provisions of this act, if the persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves, and agreeing to be so trained and exercised, and serve, shall amount to the number to be enrolled by ballot under such apportionment as aforesaid in any such parish, then no ballot shall take place in such parah| and if the persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves, and agree* ing as aforesaid; shall not amount to the number required to be enrolled by ballot in any such parish, under such apportionmefll as aforesaid, then the number of persons so voluntarily enroffinj themselves, and agreeing as aforesaid, shall be deducted froatfce'number $0 required to be enrolled by ballot as aforesaid, tnd

1 the remainder only shall be ballotted for in such parish; andaB

persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves, and agreeing as aforesaid, shall be trained and exercised, and serve in the same man-Mner, and at the same time and places, and under the same regulations, and be subject to the same provisions, as if they had bees ballotted for.

His Majesty;

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for ha for^d?fionaf Majesty, if he shall see fit, to order and direct by any one of his training to principal secretaries of state, that any volunteers under this act volunteers, or shall receive pay of one shilling per day for any additional num* bounty not ber of days of training and exercise, not exceeding twenty-foa? fn action1 to* days, m addition to the twenty-four days in the schedule to this the pay of ix. act mentioned; or if he shall see fit, in like manner to order and per day men- direct that any volunteers training and exercising under this act tion<*din the for any member of days not less than twenty-four, shall receive, schedule. at thfc dxprratkm of such number of days training and exercise* any sum not exceeding ten shillings, in addition to the pay of one shilling per day in the schedule to this act mentioned, to be*- paid to such volunteers in such manner and in such proportioe

as his Majesty shall please to direct.

XII. And be it further enacted, That notice shall be gma by the deputy lieutenants or clerk of subdivision-meetings, b? affixing the same on the doors of the churches or chapels, or on Other conspicuous places in the seyeral parishes within their respective subdivisions^ of the days, times, and places appointed for ballots under this act; m their respective subdivisions; and

- V^_.MCT the

Notice to be given on the church-door, &c.of the ballots.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 90. 451

the names of the persons liable to be ballotted shall publickly, *f1nncT and in the presence of any such magistrates, churchwardens, b otting* overseers of the poor, and chief and other constables as chuse to attend, be called over from the lists, and put into the boxes or

glasses for ballotting, and shall in like manner be publickly drawn out, and the names of the persons so drawn shall be publicity called over, and be entered in a book by the clerks of the subdivision, or persons appointed by them, or the deputy lieutenants for that purpose; and such calling over of the names, and fallotting for persons to be enrolled under this act, shall take fbce at the days, times, and places appointed, and shall not temmence before ten of the clock, nor continue longer than six p the evening; and if such ballotting shall not be complete in i morning, the boxes shall be sealed with the seals of any two the deputy lieutenants, and the clerk of the meeting; and seals be broken, and the ballotting be finished in like pub-manner, on the succeeding day.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the deputy lieutenants such meetings shall appoint days and places for holding meet-} for hearing appeals against such ballots; and the clerks offame of per-subdivision-meetings at which such ballots shall have taken^bVsent^o^ shall within three days transmit to the constables, or constables*

' officers of the parishes within their subdivision, the names die persons ballotted therein respectively; and such con- Notices to be Je shall thereupon give notice to every such person, by^v*n?nd*P* Swing the same to him or his wife, or some servant rmem-^d fresh blu T of his family, or leaving the same at his usual or last place lots, if neces- abode, together with notice of the days of hearing appeals sary. jdnst such ballqts; and it shall be lawful for the deputy-lieu-aants, and they are hereby required on hearing such appeals* amend the lists if it shall be deemed necessary by his Majesty, d so ordered, and to proceed to a fresh bailot, and adjourn & meeting, and direct like notice to be given to the persons Hotted, and appoint other meetings in case the same shall be pessary for hearing appeals, and fresh ballots, until the full Itober required shall be enrolled; and the names of all the Persons to be ons who shall have volunteered to serve under this act, and all persons so ballotted, and who shall not have appealed, or enrolment Shaving appealed shall not have been struck out, shall be gent to con* stored on a, roll to be provided by the clerk of the subdivision- stables, feelings for that purpose; and thexlerks of such meetings shall ftfain ten days transmit abstracts of such roll, containing the imes of the several persons enrolled in the respective parishes >the constables thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all persons enrolled Time of ser-to be trained and exercised under this act, shall for the first year VICC* fentinue liable to be trained and exercised according to the pro-tiflons of this act, until the first day of November one thousand right hundred and seven; and all persons so enrolled in or for iny succeeding vear shall continue liable to be trained and exercised ffom the first day of November in the yearC^Mf^such

g o 2 persons

45 2

Enrolled persons actually trained, not liable to be ballot ted for again for two years.

Penalty on

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 90. [1806.

persons shall have been or ought to have been so ballotted and enrolled, until the first day of November following; and every such person shall be trained and exercised under the provisions of this act, unless exempted under any of the provisions herein after contained.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no person who shall have been enrolled for training and exercising, and service, under this act, and who shall have been actually so trained and exer-, cised, shall be liable to be ballotted for again during the two succeeding years after the expiration of the year in which he shall have been so enrolled, trained, and exercised as aforesaid, such years being to be reckoned as above, from the first day of j November in one year, to the first day of November in the succeeding year. i

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any volunteer or

S^otap- Per8on so ballotted and enrolled under this act shall refuse or pearing. P neglect to appear within such period and at such place as sb-"^ be appointed for that purpose, (which times and places shall appointed by the deputy lieutenants, in their respective subdivi.sions, under any order of the lieutenant of the county, 7'notice thereof given by the constables of the several parishes, putting up the same on churches, chapels, or other conspici places), and to sign the regulations in the schedule to this annexed for men enrolled under this act, such volunteer or person shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds; or if a person having or receiving any annual sum of money, profits, allowances, or other income whatsoever, amounting in the wholi to one hundred pounds, the sum of five pounds 5 and every fine shall be paid to the clerk of the subdivision-meetings, wbfl shall on receipt thereof give a certificate, without fee or reward of the same being paid } and the payment of such fine shal exempt such person from training and exercise for that year, m no longer, and such person shall be liable to be ballotted in th| succeeding year, and in like manner to serve or pay such fine as aforesaid, and so in each succeeding year.

Peptoraclaim-

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every person claimitt ing exemp- to fce exempted from training and exercise, and service under Ai paymerrtof act upon Payment of the fine of five pounds instead of ten pound*! fine, to sign and every person claiming any reduction of any fine for absent* a declaration, from training and exercising by reason of not having any income amounting to one hundred and fifty pounds or fifty poundspri annum respectively, shall make and sign a declaration of the amount of his income before a deputy-lieutenant or justice ofth* peace or magistrate, or produce a certificate-of the amount'd sue income allowed by any commissioner under any act relating to th rates and duties arising on property, prosessions, trades, sa offices, or to any allowances made oh any such rates and dubt within twelve months previous to the production of such certtfi-': cate \ and every person who shall make any false declaration ia1 relation to any such claim, shall forfeit and pay for such offenc? the sum of fifteen pounds,

GOO^C XVIII. P*0 -

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 90. 453

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Ballotted per-any person so ballotted shall at any time, whether before or after his bring so ballotted, have enrolled or enrol himself as a volunteer coq^o ^be^ in any corps which shall at that time have been accepted by his struck out of Majesty, and shall produce a certificate of being so enrolled, and enrolment, of being properly clothed, armed, and equipped, according to the regulations of the corps, from the commanding officer for the time 0

being of such corps, such person shall be struck out of the enrolment under this act* and be exempt from bailot, and from being trained and exercised under this act, so long as he shall Continue to be a member of such volunteer corps.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Exemptions person claiming exemption from bailot, and from training and to^certified exercise under this act, by reason of his becoming a member of by their com-inj yeomanry or volunteer corps, shall, between the tenth day of manding offattmber and the first day of October in the year succeeding that in ficers, and a flWiich he claimed such exemption, produce to the constable or other feace-officer, acting as such under this act, of the parish or place produced, his residence, a certificate from the commanding officer of such >s, or from the officer commanding the troop or company of l corps of which he may be a member, bearing date between tenth day of September and the first day of October, of his being that time an effective member of such corps, according to the its in force for the regulation of yeomanry and volunteers, flwhich certificate the constable shall transmit to the clerk of the Jttbdivision-meeting: and in default of the production of such certificate, every such person shall be liable to pay, and shall pay Hine of fifteen pounds, to be levied, collected, and applied in the same manner as fines relating to training and exercising under this act are directed to be levied, collected, and applied.

1 XX. And be it further enacted That if any person being one of Qu?k^ITand lie people called Quakers, or of the people called Unitas Fratrum, or fol*

United Brethren, wfeo shall be ballotted under this act, shall produce exempted on before the deputy lieutenants at any subdivision-meeting, or any payment of two deputy lieutenants or justices of the peace, a certificate under fines* the hands of two or more respectable housekeepers being of the people called Quakers, or of the people called Unitas Fratrum, or United Brethren, resident within the county or place of residence of such person, and dated within three months immediately preceding the day on which such Certificate shall be produced as aforesaid, acknowledging such person to be one of their persuasion, such person shall not be enrolled for training or exercise, or if he shall have been enrolled, shall be struck out of the enrolment, and it shall be lawful for any such deputy lieutenants or justices to adjudge any such person to pay such proportion of such fines as are by this act imposed on persons enrolled for non-attendance at training and exercising, not exceeding seven pounds, nor less than twenty shillings for the year in which he shall have been so ballotted, as to such deputy lieutenants or justices may appear to be proper, according to the situation in life, and property of such person; and the amount of fine so adjudged by

' such j

Justices may appoint deputies for Quakers refusing to act

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 90. [1806.

such deputy lieutenants or justices may be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such persoirby warrant under their hands and seals (the overplus, if any, after deduction of reasonable charges, being rendered to the party); and if no goods or chattels can be found, whereby the sum so imposed upon such Quaker or United Brother can be levied, then it shall and maybe lawful for any deputy-lieutenant or justice of the peace, if be shall think proper, to commit such Quaker or United Brother to prison, there to remain for any time not exceeding fourteen days, unless such sum shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any chief or other constable, headborough, tythingman, or oversea, shall be of the people called Quakers (and certified to be so by two persons of the people called Quakers) and shall neglect or as constables, refuse to perform the duties required by this act, it shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace acting for the division within which such Quaker shall be such officer as aforesaid, and they are hereby required in all cases where the circumstances of the case shall in their judgement render it expedient and necessary for the due execution of the provisions of this act, by their order under their hands and seals, to appoint a fit and proper person to be deputy to such Quaker for the purpose only of carrying this act into execution 5 and every person so appointed deputy as aforesaid shall have and exercise all the powers, authorities, jurisdictions, given by this act to such officer for whom he shall so act, and shall do and perform all the like duties and offices under the like pains, penalties, and forfeitures as are hereby imposed for neglect of duty of any such officer as aforesaid, in like manner in every respect as the person for whom he shall so act j and where an appointment of any deputy shall be so made, the principal chief constable, headborough, tythingman, or overseer (being one of the people called Quakers) shall be and he is hereby discharged from the performance of any duty required of him by this act, and from all penalties incurred for neglect thereof after the time of such appointment.

Persons enroll-

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all persons from time jecMocertaint0 t*me eilro^e^ under this act, and all Serjeants and constables, rules and re- be subject and liable to all the rules, regulations, fines, pe-

nalties, and forfeitures in the schedule to this act annexed contained, in relation to persons enrolled, and to serjeants and constables, in like manner as if all such rules, regulations, fines, penalties, and forfeitures had been severally and separately enacted in the body of this act; and all such fines, penalties, and forfeitures may be recovered under this act as if they were inserted in the body thereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, Th^t it shall be lawful for any two deputy lieutenants, or any deputy-lieutenant and justice d the peace, on the certificate of any physician, surgeon, or apothecary, actually practising as such, that any person enrolled lobe trained, exercised, and serve, under this act, is from illness or any bodily infirmity or debility unable to be trained and exercised, to

gulations.

Persons ofbo-dily inability to train, shall be excused.

1806.] Anno o regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. tyd.

cause such person tt> be struck out of" the enrolment, and excused from such fine, and from afiy'further service iihder' this act, so long as such illness, bodily infirmity, or debility shall continue.1

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the clerks of all sub- Clerks of sub-division-meetings shall, after every subdivision-meeting in which division meet-any person shall have been ballotted and enrolled to be trained ["ansmU to the and exercised, and serve under this act, make out'abstracts of the clerk of the lists of such ballot and enrolment, and shall transmit the same to general meet-the clerk of the general meetings for the county wherein auch abstracts 'Subdivisions shall be situate, within ten days^ and every such J"[JsCopiC8 0 desk who shall omit or neglect to make such return as, aforesaid within such period as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or Wilfully make any false return, shall for every such offence* forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds: and abstracts of suqb jists shall retransmitted by the lieutenants of each county to"one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, at such pgrjqds. a* his 1 Majesty may be pleased to direct; and all Such lists and abstracts shall be made out ift suchforriias any such secretary of state shall please t6 direct.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where nis

Majesty shall have directed that any persons so enrolled shall be persons to be Jjaned and exercised under this act, the lieutenant of the county trained, and It place to which such Warrant shall be directed, shall require the regulate the* rapeetiv^ deputy lieutenants in the subdivisions of such county, olace^fexcr-to fix proper tijnes and places of training and exercising (subject w^nevertheless to tmy orders or directions of his Majesty's secretary Kf state in that henalf) and to cause publick notice of such tims Sndplaces of exercise and training to he given in the churches or Blapels bf tHC respective parishes during divine service, to fye affixed on the doors of such Churches or chapels, and in the mar-lfit-places (if kftyj, and if there shall be po church, chapel, or Wket-place, then on some other convenient and j conspicuous place: provided always, that, the deputy-lieutei#trtk, u?JJ, qpt Sunday not to appoint Sunday as a day of exercise^ unless his Majesty sh^lldeem a It necessary, and, by any order signified ty ope his principal fe^sp^cially secretaries of state, empower or direct iheni so 'ti)'dq^v ordered by

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no his Majesty, person shall be required to attend any greatey numj>er of days Limitation of training and exercise in the whole, than twenty-four days in the times and year, or to go, for the purpose of beirtg, sp trained or exercised, traiiring, to any greater distance from his usual place of residence than five miFes. 1, r 0^' -

XXVII. And, be it further enacted, That* one of the ponsta- One constable bies of other peace-officers, as the case may he, shall m every parish drily attend at the times and places appointed for such th/exercise, training and exercise as aforesaid, unless prevented by sickpess, pr for which he other unavoidable accident, to b^ proved to the-satisfaction of any shall have jap two of the deputy lieutenants of the division wherein such parish allowance, or parishes shall De situate: provided always, that where any such -v'1

training

456

Penalty on neglect.

General and Bubdivision-meetingsto appoint special constables.

On the days of exercise Jthe muster-

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 90. [1806.

training and exercise shall be regulated by districts, or any other division than parishes, or when two or more parishes or parts of parishes, shall be united for the purpose of training and exercise, then the constable or other peace-officer of one parish only shall be required to attend, and such attendance shall be regulated among the constables or other peace-officers of the several parishes from which the men shall come, by precept from the nigh-constable, under a warrant to be issued for that purpose by any deputy-lieutenant; and every such constable or other peace-officer who shall conduct himself in the discharge of his said duty to the satisfaction of the deputy lieutenants of such subdivision shall be entitled at the end of each year, or on his going out of office, to such reasonable reward, not exceeding the sum of fin-pounds for his pains and trouble therein, as the deputy-liest-tenants of such subdivision assembled at any meeting shall think adequate thereto, and shall certify under their hands, the same to be paid out of the county-stock of the county or place to which the same shall relate; and if any such constable or other peace officer shall neglect or refuse to attend at such times and place* of training and exercising as shall be fixed, unless prevented by illness or other unavoidable accident, to be proved as aforesaid, he shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty shillings for every day on which he shall so refuse or neglect to attend.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawiui for the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants of any county at any general meeting, and also for tKe deputy lieutenants within their respective subdivisions thereof, whenever they shall deem it expedient, to nominate and appoint from amongst the persons vb would under the provisions of this act be exempt from being enrolled for military service under this act in any parish, such number of persons usually resident therein, who may be willing to undertake and perform the duty of constables in the execution c* this act, as such lieutenant or deputy lieutenants shall think fit to be special constables for all or any of the purposes of this act within such parish, or to appoint any persons to act as constable-instead of any persons being of the people called Quakers, according to any act relating to the militia; and the deputy lieutenants shall thereupon forthwith cause the names of the pers< who shall be so appointed special constables, to be transmitted; the chief constable, or other proper officer of the hundred district within which such parish shall be situate; and all personsk appointed special constables as aforesaid, shall and may thereupondo and perform all such acts, matters, and things in theexeemi; of this apt, or of such and so many of the purposes thereof f-which they shall be so appointed as aforesaid, within their te spective parishes, as any other constables therein are by this empowered and required to do and perform in the execu: i thereof.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That on the days appoint, for training and exercise under this act, the officer or serjear

atteau-,

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 90. 457

itteiKfcig at suqh tiffining and exercise, and the constable present roll shall be it such meeting, shall call the muster-roll of the-men enrolled calied, and the iasuch parish or united parishes, and mark the names ofbe na[! *tthe penons present at such training and exercise, and also the names tending, and of ail-absentees and defaulters; and the persons calling such the defaulters putter-roll shall thereupon sign the same act marked, and certify marked.

U same to be a true and correct account of the persons present I such training and exercise, and also of the absentees*

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for The Keute-

it lieutenant or deputy lieutenants of any counties in Eng- 8!5Jtct

r, 1*.r, 1, 1 79to the orders

u, subjiect nevertheless to such orders as may be given in of hi8 Mart beh^ by his Majesty, thropgh one of his principal secre- jesty, may of state, to make orders for the caw and custody of any ma*c orders and accoutrements provided and supplied in order to the ^8tody of the iction of the men so to( be trained and exercised; and the ams^ac_: pence thereof, not exceeding for every stand of arras and set coutrements accoutrements the sum of three shillings per annum, being supplied for led by order of such lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, shall and ^jin the j^r be paid out of the county-stock of the county or place to uch the same shall relafe.

XXXI. And beh further enacted, That all musket* delivered Muskets to be (^4>urposex3t training and exercising under this act, shall bem^ed'

r; ed distinctly in some visible place with the letters f* G. R" ^ons

in case any man shall not re-deliver to the person duly re-delivering

Hummed to receive such arms, or shall refuse to replace the or damaging

Ue in the place assigned for the keeping thereof after, exercise, them#

r shall sell, pawp; ox lose any arms or accoutrements delivered

shim, or shall wilfully damage any sucJvarms, every such man.....

ttJJ; for every such offence forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding

iee^jpQUnds; anef if such man shall not immediately pay such

Epalty, the justice of the peace before whonihe shall be con-

cted, shall commit him to any gaol or hou$e of correction, to be

qi to hard labpur for^ny time not exceeding one month, or

Millie shall have paid the said pensdty.,

it further enacted, That if any person shall Penalty for

lowingiv and wilfully buy, take ip> exchange* or conceal any buY, nE 8Uch El 6 7- " " \ J r r 1 arms or ac-

tors, or accoutrements So delivered from the training and coutrement

tetising ufider this act, the person so offending shall forfeit

*\payJor pyery.j&uch offence the spm.of ten pounds; and, if

hbffcmder shaft not immediately pay such penalty, and shall

hav sufficient goods and chattels whereon to levy such

i^ty, the justice pefore whom he or she shall be convicted,

11 commit him or her to the common gaol there to remain,

thout bail or mainprize, for the space of three months, or

totilhe shall havd paid the said fine..-

E And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful His Majesty

Worlds Majesty, at any time, and from time to time, to appoint appoint

any {JCi^Tal andpther officers, and also to appoint or capse to be 0 cer8-

apporated any serjeants apd, other non-epmmissioned officers, for the commanding, training, and exercising the persons enrolled

to be trained and exercised, and to serve under this act#

458 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 90. [1806.

On appre-

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ct

hension of sHalJ be lawful for his Majesty, on apprehension offauncdbft

immediate in-. .,; vv, , t

vasion his invasion, to order that all the persons enrolled to be trained arc

Majesty may exercised, and to serve under this act, or any class or classes, or embody per- proportion of any such persons as aforesaid, shall be embodied sons enrolled. withjn their respective counties for anytime not exceeding twercv-one days, but not to be marched out of the county to which the* shall belong, unless in case of actual invasion or of the appearance of an enemy in force upon the coast: provided always, that; no such officers shall be appointed by his Majesty as aforesaid, until such officer shall be appointed, all persons so enrolled a be trained and exercised, and to serve under this act, shall be under the command of the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants a the counties in which such men shall be so enrolled, or of srr officers appointed for that purpose by such lieutenants.

In cage of in-

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of acted vasion^orap- invasion of any part of the United Kingdom, or on the appearance enemy0hi^ an enemy m force upon the coast, it shall be lawful forhh Majesty may Majesty, by any order in council, or proclamation, to drawer:, place enrolled and assemble, and embody all or any part, proportion, orch-, ^e^hnent^or^aS a^oresa^> of men w shall have been ballotted tzd form1 new*enrolled to be trained and exercised, and to serve under this xt corps thereof, for the then year or the preceding year, and from time to time to.to be sent into attach such men, or any of them, to the regiments, battalions, cr c'rcat^Britain corPs regulars, or militia belonging to their respective coun-and to be 'ties, if the same can conveniently be done; or if by reason subject to the unavoidable distance of such regiments, battalions, orcorp^ mutiny-act. the same cannot conveniently be done, then in any other regiment, battalion, or corps of regulars, or militia then senring: - Great Britain, or to cause such men, or any of them, to be fonr: into new regiments, battalions, or corps, or otherwise td era-ploy them in military service, as the occasion shall requh: and to direct all or any of the said men to be led into any part Great Britain for the repelling and prevention of any such im> sion, or for the suppression of any rebellion or insurrection arising or existing at the time of any such invasion; and firor the time of any men being drawn out and embodied on ist apprehension of immediate invasion, or on the appearance of r enemy in force upon the coast, and until they shall be diser-bodied by his Majesty's order, such men shall be subject to*H| the provisions contained in any act of parliament which shall S then in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, and forth better payment of the army and their quarters, and the articled* war, made in pursuance thereof; and all the provisions contair in every such act, and articles of war, shall be iri force with respect to them, and shall extend to all the officers, non-commissicuk-officers, drummers, and private men, so drawn out and assembled, while embodied as aforesaid, in all cases whatsoever. Persons called

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every person out to take called out as aforesaid shall, upon repairing to the place of oathllOWing assembly, take the followingv-oath, and which shall and maj

..'^ be

459

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. go. e then and there administered to him by any lieutenant or settee of the peacej (that is to say).

1A.B. do sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful Form of oath, and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George the and that I will faithfully serve his Majesty within Great 'fjfauth so long as I shall be required $o to do, under 4u.proyi- ms of an act for enabling his Majesty to train and exercise -a uportion of his subjects, and to provide for the defence of the

4m.

'So help me GOD."

vtXXVTL Provided also, and be it further enacted, That none No person so the persons who shall be so drawn out by virtue of this act, embodied all be compeliable, on any pretence whatsoever, to serve out peu^to^rv^ .'.that part of the united Kingdom called Great Britain, or in QUt Of Great f other case or manner than is herein specified, or bp kept Britain.;

Ijbodied for a longer period than one month after the enemy iH have been repelled or driven from the coast, or after any rebellion or insurrection shall have been suppressed. jXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful His Majesty phis Majesty, 'although no invasion shall have taken place, and P*6*

Sue any enemy^hall appear in force upon the.cpatt, to give ?ot em-fen time to time provisional orders for forming the men bodying the "> Itpally so enrolled* and also the men who shall have been mett enroUedJ tolled in the preceding year, into regiments, battalions, or '

r, under general and other officers, and also for attaching persons to any such regiments, battalions, or corps of pdatsor militia as aforesaid, and also in relation to the drawing t, assembling, and embodying such men in the event, of any ph invasion, or appearance of the enemy in force upon the idt $ and all such provisional orders of his Majesty shall, when i case shall arise, be as valid and effectual, and be obeyed, served, and performed in the same manner, in all respects, til any further or other orders shall be given by his Majesty that oehalf, as if the same had been issued and given at the

le of any such invasion, or appearance of the enemy upon the i$t.*r

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant in Notice to be ?ry county may and shall, on any direction from his Majesty, given of the ertain and fix upon, and give publick notice of proper places an(j

assembly within their respective counties* and also of proper Of t^e signals leral signals for drawing out and assembling any men under to be used, s act incase of invasion, or the appearance of any enemy in ce upon the coast, either by firing of guns, or by flags, icons, rockets, or otherwise, as shall appear most expedient best adapted to the nature of the country, and most effectual the giving immediate notice therein of any such invasion, or )earance of an enemy upon the coast.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any person so ordered Persons en-be drawn out, assembled, and embodied under this act, androJled not

09e$ident appear'nJ*

460

pursuant to order or signal, shall be deemed deserters.

When his Majesty shall order the men enrolled to be embodied, the occasion shall be communicated tp parliament.

Officers and nfteo, when drawn out, entitled to pay of the regulars, and Chelsea hospital.

When persons enrolled are ordered out, money for necessaries shall be paid.

After defeat and expulsion of the enemy,

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 90.

[1S06

resident in the county or district for which he shall be enroUet when such order or proclamation is issued, or Signal made, an< not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him fron military service, and not prevented by any.inevitable accident 0 necessity, shall not appear and march in pursuance of such order or upon the making of anwsuch general signals -of alarm as aforesaid, every such man shall be liable to be apprehended an punished' as a deserter, according to the provisions of any ac which shall be then in force for punishing mutiny and desertion and of the articles of war made in pursuance of the same-; ara if any person shall harbour and conceal any such man whe ordered to be embodied as aforesaid, knowing him to be enrolht under this act, every such person shall for every such offeno forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when eVer his Majesty shall deem it expedient to order and direct tk any men enrolled far military service under this act, or any p proportion, or class as aforesaid of such men, shall be embodie under this act, the occasion of such order shall be communicate to parliament, if parliament shall be then sitting, as early as ti same*can be done after the issuing of such order; and tf pa liament shall not be then sitting, then the occasion of such onk shall be declared in council, and notified by proclamation.

3QjII. And be it further enacted, That on and from the da of drawing Out, assembling, and embodying the men enrolled fc military service in any county urider this act, the Officers an men of such county so drawn out, assembled, and embodie* shall be entitled to the same pay as the officers and mert of to Majesty's other infantry forces; and if any non-commissiooc officer, drummer, or private man, shall be maimed or wotwde in actual service, he shall be entitled to the benefit of Chela hospital, in the same manner as any non-commissioned office drummer, or private man, belonging to any of his Majesty forces.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That when the persoi enrolled for training and exercising, and service, under this a as aforesaid, shall be ordered out into actual service or efl bodied bfefore invasion, the receiver-general of the rates an duties under the management of the commissioners for A affairs of taxes for the county to which such person shall belonj shall and is hereby required forthwith to pay to the captain other commanding officer of every company of persons so orders out into actual service, or to such other person as the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants shall appoint to receive A same, the sum of two pounds two shillings, and in case of be^ embodied before any invasion, the sum of thirty shillings, k each person, for the purpose of providing necessaries 5 and d the money so paid by the said receiver-general shall be allowed him in his accounts.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That afteT the defeat as expulsion of the enemy from the realm, and suppression of ar

' SUlj

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 90. 461.

such rebellion or insurrection, to be notified by his Majesty's or suppres-: roclamation, all and every such persons who shall have been so j^or ins^r" irawn out, assembled, or embodied, under the provisions of this rection the" ict, shall forthwith be returned to their respective parishes; and persons drawn*Jiall be lawful for his Majesty to order and direct that the sum out shall be

m one guinea shall be paid, under the direction of any general [J-tyrncd

o m - i / j o their Ddnslic8

>r other superior officer under whose command such men shall an(^ niarching-

hen happen to be, to every such person so permitted to return money al-

some as aforesaid, over and above the usual rate of pay to which lowed.

uch person shall be entitled, in order the better to enable him

return to his parish.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Lord-lieute-

r any lord-lieutenant of any county, with the approbation of na.n*8 may> h* j < 1 ., rr.r 1 with the ap-

Majesty, to appoint any deputy-lieutenant to act for mm probation of

irhin the county as lieutenant thereof, during the necessary and his Majesty,

mavoidable absence, sickness, or other disability of such lord- appoint any

eutenant, and no longer, and to appoint any deputy-lieutenant

0 act as lieutenant of any division of such county; and all vice- for them.

: utenants so appointed under this act shall, from and after the

2'sing thereof, rank within their respective counties as lieute-

rit-colonels of militia; and all lieutenants of divisions so ap-

ennted under this act, shall rank within their respective counties

majors of militia; and all other deputy lieutenants acting as such

their respective subdivisions, shall rank within their respective

cities as captains of militia.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the warden of the cinque Warden of rts, two ancient towns, and their members, and in his absence his utenant or lieutenants, and all magistrates, jurats, constables, execution0 hurchwardens, overseers of the poor, and other officers within in like manner he same, shall put in execution within the said ports, towns, as lieutenants: d members, all the powers and authorities given and granted ot counties-this act, and do or cause to be done all acts, matters, or things ereby required, in like manner as lieutenants of counties, and heir deputy lieutenants, constables, churchwardens, overseers of e poor, and other officers, may putin execution all such powers nd authorities, and do or cause to be done such acts, matters, ind things respectively.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, that the warden of the; Wardens of: mnaries, special deputy-warden, and all other officers of the execu- nnaries in Great Britain, shall respectively, in obedience to J-on the act in Majesty's orders, to be issued for that purpose, procure like like manner, turns to De made, and all other matters to be done, touching the tinners of the counties of Devon and Coi nwall, according to customs of the stannaries and privileges of the working tin-- rs, as are hereby required to be done by the lieutenants and puty-lieutenants aforesaid, touching other persons residing in 7 he said counties of Devon and Cornwall, not entitled to the enefit of such privileges; and such warden, special-deputy-garden, and other officers of the stannaries, shall have.such and the like powers and authorities to do and execute all and every

matters and things which shall be so required to be done

-, fore-

counties.

Act shall not extend to London.

Fines for not

46a Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 90. [1806.

aforesaid, as the lieutenants add deputy lieutenants of the seven counties have for doing the several matters and things hereby required to be done by them respectively, who shall

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the lord-wardei

milita^rSIk6 an<* 8Pec*a^ deputy-warden of the stannaries shall hate thi &c. asthe*same military command and rank, and the lord-warden the san* lieutenants of power of appointing a special deputy-warden to act in his Sbsenc within the stannaries, as the lieutenants and vice-lieutenant have in their respective counties.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this 2n contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the cityd London.

L. And be it further enacted, That every county, hundred proceeding to ancj parish, for which men shall not have Deen ballotted au enrol. enrolled according to the provisions of this act, under any orde

made for that purpose, shall be subject to a fine of five pound for every man required by this act to be enrolled in such county hundred, or parish, remaining deficient in such enrolment. Mode of fin-

LI. And be it further enacted, That in case proper returns d ing places enrolment under this act for any county, hundred, or parish

not ^C*roceled n0t ^ave keen* ^e for the court <ti

to ballot. exchequer, on application of his Majesty's attorney general (I it shall see fit) to grant a rule, calling upon the treasurer of m county, the chief constable of the hundred, or constable of parish, in respect of which such application shall be made, t shew cause why such county, hundred, or parish respective!; should not be fined j and if no sufficient cause be shewn to till court within such time as shall be specified in such rule upoi such treasurer, chief constable, or constables respectively, the to fine such county, hundred, or parish, in respect of which sue application shall be made, in any sum not exceeding five pound per man for every man deficient on such enrolment, and to am such fine to by levied by distringas, or other process appKcabl to the nature of the case, according to the rules and practice fl such court, upon the chief constable or clerk of subdmsiofl meetings as to hundreds, or upon the constables and overseer of the poor of the parish 5 and it shall also be lawful for the sxk eourt of exchequer thereafter to remit any such fine or fines, cl proof to the satisfaction of the court, that the proper ballot ani enrolment have been executed under this act, and duly returned

LII. And be it further enacted, That where deputy-Keott* nants are by this act directed or empowered to do any act, matter uuu u.l or or concerning the execution thereof, the same $h

requiredto be^good anc* valid if it be done by any one deputy-lieutenant, orj done by de- in the absence of any deputy-lieutenant, by one justice of tfc| puty-lieute-peace, except as to all such matters as are directed to be dor atgCTeraf*1* V deputy lieutenants acting in the absence of a Keutenantof Vice-lieutenant, or at any general meeting, or at any subditiskfr meeting held for the purpose of making apportionments: provided always, that where two deputy lieutenants only shall be able to attend any subdivision-meeting for hearing appeals, a

making

Deputy-lieutenant or justice may do any act

meetings.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 90.

naJnhg apportionments, or superintending any ballots or enrol-iaents under this act, it shall be lawful for any one justice of the ace, ot magistrate, or where one deputy-lieutenant only shallsble to attend any such meeting, it shall be lawful for any two 0/dces of the peace, or magistrates of the division or district, to it and act with such deputy-lieutenant or deputy-lieutenapts, rich all such powers and authorities relating thereto, as are in to act or any act relating to the militia, given to deputy-lieu-nutnts.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and ovfry of ||toitures, by this act imposed, which shall exceed fifteen pounds,*7

m be recovered*by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, stik of his Majesty's attorney general, or at the suit of any appointed to sue for the same, by any lieutenant or '-lieutenants, or vice-lieutenants acting for any lieutenant of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster^ or the of great session in the principality of Wales, or the courts the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham (as case shall require) wherein no essoign, privilege, protection, of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

", And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Justices of ^tice of the peace, or deputy-lieutenant, residing near the peace or de-where any offence shall be Committed against this act>nanrmay desubjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty, not ex-termine pe-j fifteen pounds, to hear and determine such offence atnalties not 'time within six months after the offence committed: and cccdint5^ justice of the peace or deputy-lieutenant shall, upon any mation exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, summon party accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and shall 'ne into the matter of fact; and upon due proof made f, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give pment for the penalty or forfeiture, as by this act is directed, to issue his warrant under his hand and seal for the levying pecuniary penalties or forfeitures so adjudged, on the goods >e offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof in case they not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the us, if any; and where the goods of the offender cannot be sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender (prison, there to remain for any time not exceeding three "to, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and ed; and if any person or persons shall find himself or but appeal selves aggrieved by the judgement of any such justice or may be made ty-lieutenant, then he or they shall and may, upon giving to quarter-ity-to the amount or value or such penalty and forfeiture, 8M81ona#

Her with such costs as shall be awarded in case such judge-it shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the tto'general quarter-sessions for the county, riding, or place, too are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in Me the judgement shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such 'f'

Penalty on witnesses neglecting to appear.

Convictions to be drawn up in the following form.

Form of conviction.

Mitigation of penalties.

Orders or conviction not to be removed-by Certiorari.

Application of penalties.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 90.

justices to award the person or persons to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidence before such justice or deputy-lieutenant, touching any of the matters relative to this act, either on the part of the prosecutor, or persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or deputy-lieutenant before who* the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such pass*: shall forfeit for every such offence any sum not exceeding pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such mam# as is directed as to the other penalties.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the justice or deputy lieutenant before whom any offender shall be convicted as afaif said, shall cause the said conviction to be made out in the xnanait and form following, or in any other form of words to the szfl| effect, mutatis mutandis; (that is to say), t

4 T) E it remembered, That on the day of

X3 in the year of our Lord in the cow^r

of A.B. of was convicted beta

me, C.D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace [or3 aatm the deputy lieutenants, as the case may he] for the said counfe residing near the place where the offence was committed, nr that the said A.B. on the day of aom

last past, did, contrary to the form of the statute in that we made and provided [here state the offence against the act] and I te declare and adjudge, that the said A.B. hath forfeited tfo sum of

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That It shall be lawful for any such justice, or deputy-lieutenant, fee mitigate and lessen any such penalty in such manner as he sfajf see fit (reasonable costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the san*t being always allowed over and above such mitigation) so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalty to less than one moiety ti the penalty incurred, over and above the said costs and charges; any thing contained in this or any other act of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no order or conviction made in pursuance of this act by any lieutenant, deputy-lieutenant, or justice of the peace, shall be removed by Certiorari into any court whatever; and that no writ of Certiorari sh*3 supersede execution, or other proceedings, upon any such onfe or conviction, but that execution and other proceeding shall be had thereupon; any such writ or writs notwithstanding.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, aix) forfeitures incurred by any officers or persons concerned in the

execution

lb6.] Atkrro regni quadtegesifno s6xto Gfco. III. c. 5)0. 46$

ttecntion of this act, or incurred, paid, or levied uhdet any of th*

provisions of this act, relating to the enrolment of any person*

r Wider this act, or to any persons liable to be ballotted or enrolled

trader this act, or under any of the provisions relating thereto,

rihil go and be applied under any general or particular order or orders of one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of, state, in the

nfischarge of any expences of any training or exercising under this

ict, within the county, riding, or place where the same shall

*rbe, or any incidental expences attending the execution of this

pet, within such county, riding, or place.

ILX. And be it further enacted, That the respective clerks td Reward to mb general meetings of lieutenancy, and clerks to subdivision- cl!?ks aid peetings, and all other officers and persons whatsoever, entitled 0 cr 0 ccru Wider any acts relating to the militia to any remuneration for pains and labour in executing the provisions of any acts ng to the militia, who shall execute the like or other proms of this act to the satisfaction of the lieutenants and deputy-itenants, shall, for such services respectively, receive such rards as are directed by the said acts, ftr such future reward their pains and trouble in and about the executing this act, as deputy lieutenants assembled at any meeting held for that ose, at which not less than five deputy lieutenants shall be rot, shall think reasonable and proper, and shall certify under hands; and such respective rewards shall, on the production isu^h certificates so signed as aforesaid, to the respective re-titers-general in England, be paid out of any publick monies in |fceir hands* and be allowed in their accounts.

f LXL And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons General fen at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any*

Kng by him 6r them done in pursuance of this act, ot of any p ea e*' iiuse, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons hall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter a evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial \ verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the faintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or bfendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against ke plaintiff or plaintiffs.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered,

mended, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this*

resent session of parliament.

SCHEDULE te which this Act refers.

Lules and Regulations relating to Persons enrolled under aft Act for the Defence of the Realm.

ill persons trained under this act, to be allowed pay for twenty-four days, at one shilling per day.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 90. \1Z0L

To attend at the places and times fixed for exercise* and obey all orders of officers or serjeants relating to training and exercising, during times of exercise; to take due care of arms \ and to deposit them where required.

FINES FOR NON-ATTENDANCE.

Forfeiture of pay, and ten shillings for every day short of eight days in each, four months, if days shall be so appointed; or for every day short of twenty-four days, if days shall be appointed yearly.

Persons not having or receiving any annual sums of mof, profits, gains, allowance, or other income, amounting in the whole to one hundred and fifty pounds per annum, to forfeit five shillings instead of ten shillings, for each of such absences.

Persons not naving any annual sum of money, profits, gains, allowances, or other income, amounting in the whole to fifty pounds per annum, to forfeit two shillings instead of ten shillings, for each of such absences.

Persons excused from poor-rates, or being part of the family oi any persons excused from poor-rates by reason of poverty, and who are by reason thereof exempt from the payment of such rates and duties, to forfeit two shillings instead of ten shillings for each of such absences.

Persons prevented by illness, certified by physician, surgeon, or apothecary actually practising, or clergyman and constable, to satisfaction of deputy-lieutenant, or justice of the peace ot magistrate, to forfeit only pay.

Persons absent on business, and making good days on any succeeding period, to have fines returned for such days, by orda of deputy-lieutenant or justice, on certificate of serjeant and constable.

Persons removing during the year from the parish or place of re sidence, to have a certificate of exercise up to the time 0 removal from the officer or serjeant, or, in the absence of air officer or serjeant, the constable or other peace-officer of th parish or place (which they are hereby required to give a demand thereof, without fee or reward).

On production of such certificate to any deputy-lieutenant, 0 justice of the peace of the division, or to the officer, serjeant a constable of the parish or place to which such person shat remove, such person to be entered as if ballotted in such pans or place, and to be there trained and exercised, and to 1ut| credit for the days of exercise contained in his certificate, j

Producing of such certificate, and conforming to regulations o| this act in parish or place of subsequent residence, to exeof from fines for non-attendance in the first parish or place.

During absence from parish, certificate of training and exert* in any other parish to be received, and to exempt from parish of enrolment for those days.

Persia

iio6.] Atttto regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 90.

Person enrolled, and afterwards leaving Great Britain, and giving notice to constable, discharged from penalties for not training and exercising, so long as he shall continue out of Great Britain.

Person absent for temporary purposes only, from the parish of enrolment, and training and exercising, who shall on return prove to satisfaction of any deputy-lieutenant, or justice of the peace or magistrate, that he could not train and exercise during such absence, either by reason of travelling, or not continuing a sufficient length of time in one place, or there beimj no training and exercising in the parishes or places in which he shall have been during such absence, may, by such deputy lieutenant, or justice or magistrate, be discharged from fines, during such absence.

FOR MISCONDUCT.

For irregular conduct, or not behaving in an orderly manner, or disobeying the lawful commands of any officer or serjeant commanding, or training or exercising, to forfeit pay of the day*

or pay of the day and any sum not exceeding ten shillings, at } die discretion of any justice of the peace, magistrate, or deputy- lieutenant.

Officer or serjeant empowered to deliver any such person into the custody of the constable, to be by him taken before a justice of the peace, or deputy-lieutenant, so that such person shall not be kept in custody for any night previous to being taken before a magistrate.

All fines may be levied by distress under the act; and, if no distress, offender may be imprisoned for any period not exceeding two days, for non-pavmenttof any fine not exceeding five shillings, and not exceeding nve days for any fine not exceeding'twenty shillings, in addition to any adjudged imprisonment.

Muster-Rolls to be kept by serjeant and constables, to be returned to clerk of subdivision-meetings, and to commanding officer of district.

Roll to be called at the hour of meeting.

Persons coftiing after roll-call not to be entitled to be inserted in muster.

Serjeants and constable to give certificates, on demand, to every person belonging to any other parish, who shall train and exercise, of his having trained and exercised according to the act, and of the number of days, specifying the days on which he shall have so exercised.

Serjeant or constable takiifg any money or bribe, or gift of any sort, for any false muster, or for the training or exercising of any men, or for any certificate, to be fined ten pounds, and treble the money or value of gift received, and imprisoned at discretion of the justice, or deputy-lieutenant, not exceeding two months, (to be recovered and applied as any penalty or forfeiture under fifteen pound# may be recovered under this act.

A&pa r^gni qu*dr, ag$eim8 sexto Geo. Ill# c. 91.

Fines to be collected by constable, or a?iy overseer of thepw* and to be paid to overseer Of the p % er> and the accouqfc kept by them of amount.

To be subject to distribution according to orders, under the act.

Deputy-lieutenant may, with approbation of lieutenant, and Ms Majesty, establish rewards for skill in firing at target with ball, under any regulation to be approved of by general officer of the district and lieutenant, to be defrayed out of fines.

CAP. XCI.

An act for the return of correct lists of persons liable to serve in the militia, under an act passed in the forty-second year of has present Majesty; and to suspend the ballot for the militia in England fx two years.

[July 16, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act passed in the forty-second year of the feign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending the taws relating to the militia in England, and for augmenting the militia: and whereas it is expedient his Majesty should be empowered to direct that new lists should be forthwith made ou( and returned, under the said act, of persons liable to serve, and that provision sheU be made for the altering and amending suck lists; be it thenfae enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, at any tine B after the passing of this act, in case it shall appear to him to be by'precepts to necessary, to direct the lord-lieutenants of the several counties, constables, to ridings, and placesdn England, or in their absence, the vice--- ueutenantt> any three deputy lieutenants authorised to Set for any lord-lieutenant, by precept under his or their hand and seal, to requite the high-constable of each subdivision, hundred, rape, lath, and wapentake within their respective counties, ridings, and places, to direct, by warrant or order under their hands, ike several constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other offices* of tvery parish, fything, or place ufithm the respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions of their respective counties, ridings, and places, to give or leave notice, within seven days after the receipt of any such order, to or with all occupiers of houses and apartments within the limits of their Pespeetbe authorities, to make returns according to the provision of the said tecited act \ and such constables shall, within ten days after the delivery of such notices, make out lists, and give notice of sack lists in manner therein directed, by affixing copies of such fist* in conspicuous places, according to the provisions of the said act, and give notices as therein directed of the days, times, and place* for hearing appeals on such lists.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every tech

n l*

1C

His Majesty may direct lieutenants

give notice to persons to make returns according to recited act.

Returns to specify ages of

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 91. 469

return to such notices* delivered to the constables or other officers persons, who aforesaid, and every return hereafter to be made under the said 8|jall J^cla8g* recited act, or any other act relating to the militia, shall specify 0 the ages of and other particulars relating to the persons returned annexed, therein, according to the form in the schedule to this act annexed, marked (A)$ and when such return shall not have been made, such ages and other particulars shall be specified by the constables in their returns, according to the best of their belief; and the persona so returned shall be classed by the clerks of subdivision-meetings, according to their several ages, and other* circumstances, in the form and in the classes in the schedule to this act annexed, marked (B), and shall in like manner be classed according to the form in the schedule to this act annexed, marked (C), in the returns to be made by the clerks of general meetings to the privy council.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, 'That it His Majesty shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any order given by one of ma>' or<ltT his principal secretaries of state, to direct that the persons^tobc^retunfed be returned under this act, or any act relating to the militia, and in other shall be arranged in any other classes as to age* marriage, forms. ..children, or other circumstances, and to require returns to b6

made to constables, and by the clerks of general and sub-idivision-meetings respectively, according to any such classes,

and in such other forms as his Majesty shall by any such ordef please to direct.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the respective ministers Parochial offi-

and churchwardens, and overseers of the poor, and otherto assist parochial officers in every parish, tything, or place, shall and out.Q

they are hereby required to aid and assist by every lawful 8

means in their power, die constables, tything-men, headboroughs, and other officers, in making out the lists required

to be returned by them under this act, or any act relating to the militia, in their respective parishes, tythings, and places.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any such lists shall Meetings to be be required under this act, the lord-lieutenants, vice or deputy* forjear" lieutenants as aforesaid, shall order and direct that subdivision- and correct-meetings shall be appointed to be held at such times and places ing lists.

as they shall direct, not exceeding one month after the precepts to the high-constables shall have been so issued as aforesaid, for the purpose of hearing appeals thereon, and for correcting such lists, and such subdivision-meetings shall thereupon assemble, and hear such appeals, and correct such lists$ and the clerks of such, subdivision-meetings shall, within seven days after such meeting, make out correct abstracts of such lists, and transmit the same to the clerks of general meetings, on pain of forfeiting for any neglect therein the sum of one hundred pounds 5 and every clerk of general meetings shall, upon the receipt of such abstracts, within seven days, make out correct abstracts thereof, and return the same to his Majesty's privy council, on pain of forfeiting ___

for every neglect therein the sum of two hundred pounds.

470 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 91. [1806.

VI. And whereas an act was passed in the forty-fourth year of Ms

44 G. 3. c. $(>. present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing and maintaining

a permanent additional force for the defence of the realm; and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's regular forces, and for the gradual reduction of the militia of England, whereby provision was made for thet gradual reduction of the militia raised in the severe! counties in England, under an act passed in the forty-second year tf his present Majesty, to the original quotas specified as to such counties in the said last mentioned act: and whereas a certain other act w

45 G. 3.C. 31.passed in the forty-fifth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act

for allowing a certain proportion of the militia in Great Britan, voluntarily to inlist into his Majesty's regular forces and royal marines, whereby the militia in Great Britain was allowed to k reduced to the original quotas so specified as aforesaid, by the voluntarily enlisting of men from the militia into his Majesty's regular forces and royal marines: and whereas notwithstanding the said last recited acts, the number of men serving in the militia in England still exceeds in the whole the number of militia required to be raised (exek sive of the supplementary militia J under the said recited act of the forty-second year of his present Majesty: and whereas it is expedient, that the ballot should be still farther suspended; be it therefore Ballot for the enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, no ballot militia in for the enrolling any man to serve in the militia in England, or u^pendedfoi^for supplying any vacancy which may arise therein, shall

two years: take place until the full end and term of two years after the passing of this act.

But his Mau.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it doll t lawful for his Majesty, at any time within such period of two to be taken years as aforesaid, If he shall think fit, to order and direct by any within that warrant under his royal sign manual, that such ballot shall take time for sup- place for the purpose of supplying any vacancies, or any pro-Ply* vacan* portion of any vacancies which may have arisen in the militia of aci* any county, riding, oy place, after the militia thereof shall hare

been reduced to die quota specified in the said recited act of the forty-second year aforesaid $ any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Powers of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions, recited act rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and or any other* thing8 contained in the said act of the forty-second year of his act relating Majesty's reign, or in any other acts relative to the militia of to the militia, England, shall, as far as the same are applicable and can be j to applied for the purpose of carrying this act into execution, and I 8 are not, hereby altered, varied, or repealed, be applied for the

purposes of this act, in as full and ample a manner as if the said powers, provisions, rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things were again repeated and enacted in this act.

Act may be

IX. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any act to be passed in this session of

Skm.

SCHEDULES

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 91. 471

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

Schedule (A.)

Take Notice, That you are hereby required, within two days from the date hereof, to prepare and produce a list in writing, to the best of your belief, of the Christian name and surname of each and every man resident in jrour dwelling-house, between the ages of eighteen and forty-five, distinguishing in such list the several particulars mentioned in the columns thereof; and you are to sign such list with your own name, and to deliver^cause the same to be delivered to me.

Dated the day of

A.B. Constable.

Hma. Description. Act Whether any Child, and if any, whether any under 14. Exempt or not exempt from Militia. 0 round* of Exemption. Effective Volunteer or Yeoman. Licensed Teacher not carrying on 1 radr, or Medical Practitioner actually practising

A.B. Housekeeper 40 Child under 14 Exempt Clergyman -

C.D. Servant 28 None Not -

LF. Lodger '24 None Not  Volunteer 

G.H. Inmate '30 None Not  Yeomanry Corps 

N.B. If any house is divided into distinct stories, or apartments occupied listinctly, each distinct occupier is required to make this return.

Neglect of compliance with this notice will subject the party to a penalty )f ten pounds.

Take Notice, That the day of at the hour of in the

noon, is appointed for hearing appeals within this subdivision, by arsons claiming to be exempt from serving in the

A.B. Constable of

Schedule (B.)

RETURN to be made by the Constable to the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting.

tales. Description. Age If any Child, and if any, whether any under 14. Exempt or not exempt from Militia. Grounds of Exemption. Effective Volunteer or Yeoman. Licensed Teacher not carrying on Trade, or Medical Practitioner actually practising.

( Officer )

M. Housekeeper 40 Child under 14 Exempt ] of  -

( Marines) if

C.D. Servant 28 None Notcxempt i 

E.F. Lodger 24 f 3 Children 7 (not under 14)Not exempt  C Practising 7 (Apothecary )

3.H. Inmate 19 None Exempt Apprentice -

I.K. Housekeeper 41  ; -

LM. Housekeeper 34 - C - - i

47* Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 91. [1806.

Schedule (C.)

RETURN to be made by Clerk of Subdivision Meeting to Oak of General Meeting,

"Parish., Description of Persons liable to sem. i Persons exempt from serving.

Having no 1 Children. Having Children. 0 5 13 I Yeomanry end Volunteers. Army, Marines. See Fehci-bles. 1 cirnr. 1 Licensed Teniers, Medical Men, and Constables. 1

U.tder 30. Above 30. j j*o child under 14- Any Child under 14.

A. 130 150 120 135 505 82 10 4 N

B.i0 200 214 225 849 100 20 10 A

<L i '1 1 1

1 1

fiefwKii I rj

T; vali. 1 LJ

a

Schedule (D.)

RETURN to b* made by Clerk of General Meetings to the Privy Council.

c. 1 3 U0 Descriptions of Persons liable to serve. E a 0 & A et*3 2 Persons txempt from acTvunr.

I'nder 30. Above 30. No Child under 14. Any Child under 14.

A. 500 340 ! 420 400 1, 660 300 50 20 30

B.

c.

0

ttcncrall Totals.] -  1 J

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 91. 473

CAP. XCIT.

An act to amend three acts, made in the tUrtyfifth y forty first9 and forty-second years of Us present Majesty, relating to the conveyance $f letters and packets by the post,  [July 16, 1806.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the forty-second year of the

reign of Us present Majesty, intituled An act for amending 4*0.3. c. f 1. to much of an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his

Ctt Majesty, as relates to the secreting, embezzling, or ying any letter or packet sent by the post, and for the tetter protection ef such letters and packets \ and for more jjfectually preventing letters and packets being sent otherwise than by the post; it was among other things enacted, that> from iad after the passing of the said act, no person or persons whatsoever \htdd send, or cause to be sent or conveyed, or tender or delivery in fder to be sent or conveyed otherwise than by the petty or by and the authority and consent of the postmaster-general for the time ingy or Us deputy or deputies, or to the nearest or most convenient t-towny to be from thence forwarded by the post, any letter or Sy packet or packets of lettersf on pain of forfeiting for every such \

ce against the tenor of the said act, the sum of five pounds, to recovered and applied as in the said act is directed: and whereas provision is inode by the send act for recovering the penalties thereby inflicted tn the case of offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, whereby offenders against the satd acts have avoided the penalties thereby intended to be inflicted: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with':

the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Penalties unset, all and every the pecuniary penalties in the said recited aetder recited mentioned and thereby imposed^ shall and may, in the case of* my offence against the aforesaid act, which shall be committed Scotland, to in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, be sued for and be sued in the iccovered in his Majesty's court of sessions, court of justiciary, court of aes* or court of exchequer in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, 8100, 1 or information, wherein no essoign, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, with full costs of suit, by any person who shall and will inform and sue for die same; one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to trie use of the person who shall so inform and sue for the same.

II. And whereas by an act, made in the forty-first year of the reign*if his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing die rates 41 G* 3* c. y. and duties of postage in Great Britain, and granting other rates and duties in lieu thereof, and on letters conveyed to or from any part of the United Kingdom, from or to any place out of the said kingdom, and by packet-boats, from or to the ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven; it was amongst other tUngs enacted) that] from asiidter the passing of the said act, it should be lawful to andjor his

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 92. [1806.

Majestrfs postmaster-general to undertake, at the expence tf the revenue of the post office, the conveyance and delivery of letters directed to1 persons abiding in towns, villages, and places (not being poM* towns,) from the respective post-towns to which such letters should J# carried by the post in the usual manner; and also the collection and conveyance of letters in and from towns, villages, and places, in order to be sent by the post, and to take such sum and sums of money for dliH use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for such respective extern

services to be performed, as should and might be mutually agreed by and between the postmaster-general and the inhabitants respet and whereas it may be expedient to give permission to the post\ general to collect, convey, and deliver letters in and from towns,

I ages, and places, although such letters may not have been preen sent by the post, or may not be intended to be forwarded by Postmaster- post; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the j general may^ ing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for delivery of^ Majesty's postmaster-general, in his discretion, to undertake, letters to and the expence of the said revenue, the conveyance and delivery from places letters directed to persons abiding in towns, villages, and pi fiot.post- (not being post-towns) from any other towns, villages, and ] rach*rates as (not being post-towns ,) and also the collection and conv shall be agreed of letters in and from any towns, villages, and places, (not on between post-towns) to any other towns, villages, and places, (not

post-towns-,) and to take such sum and sums of money ford^ use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for such respectm extra services to be performed, as shall and may from time fll time be mutually agreed upon by and between the postmaHei* general and the inhabitants respectively.

III. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted

him and the inhabitants:

But such in*

vuvii t iututu tfiWAjfo iicvciuivicas, auu uc il iuiuici ciiAittuy

not'^at noth'ng herein contained shall extend, or be construed tdf vented^ from c*ten<b to hinder or prevent the inhabitants of any such town % employing villages, and places respectively from carrying or re-carrying of.messengers to employing any messenger, servant, or other person, to carry of tTor from*re-can7 any letters or packets to or from such towns, village* tieh places. an<l places respectively 5 any thing herein contained to the conJ trary thereof notwithstanding.

Money arising

IV. And be it further enacted, That the monies to arise and"

to be appft as

-a the present receive(l f?r such extra services as aforesaid shall, after paying rates of post- the expences incurred, be applied in such manner as the present age. rates of postage are by law applicable.

V. And whereas by an act of parliament passed in the thirty-fifth year 35 G. j. c. 33. 0J ffc reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for further regulating the sending and receiving letters free from the duty of post-

ating the sending and receiving letters free from the duty of postage, for allowing non-commissioned officers, seamen, and private men, in the navy and army, whilst on service, to send, and receive letters at a low rate of postage; and for permitting patterns asd samples of goods to be transmitted by the post at an easier rate; than is now allowed by law\ it was enacted, that no single letter sent by the post from any non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private, employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, fencible regiment, artillery, or marine, should be charged with a higher rate f postage than one penny for the conveyance ofedef^ideh letter to be paid at the

time

'4-75

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 92.

of putting the same into the post office; provided theft there should written upon every such letter, in the hand-writing of and signed he commanding officer of the ship or vessel, or of the corps, regiment Attachment to which such non-commissioned officer, seaman, or pri-r should belong, Mr ^/wrA commanding officer, and the name

le ship, vessel) corps, regiment, or detachment commanded by him; it was further enacted, that no single letter sent by the post directed leg such non-commissioned officer or other person hereinbefore entt-ated3 upon his own private concerns only, whilst employed on his jestffs service, should be chargeable with an higher rate of postage l one penny, winch it was enacted should be paid at the time of the very thereof: and whereas abuses have been committed in the exer- So much of of the permission granted by the said recited act, whereby the reve- tcfkt* has been injured; and it is therefore expedient that the said recited ters to be lent with respect to the sertding letters by the post from and to non-com- by the post dotted tffpeers, seamen, and private men in the army and navy, at b*om or to to rate of postage, should be repealed, and other regulations adopted Jooed offi-" itv thereof; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said cerg# seamen, ted act as relates to letters to be sent by the post from and to or privates in -commissioned officers, seamen, or private men, employed in navy or army Majesty's navy, army, militia, fencible regiments, artillery, or portajre^be$, at a low rate of postage, shall, from and after the first shall be rel of August one thousand eight hundred and six, be, and the pealed.

\ is hereby repealed.

Z. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Seamen in theof August one thousand eight hundred and six, it shall be Jle

Eul to and for each and every seaman employed in his letters by the Eesty's navy within any part of his Majesty's dominions, post on pay-1st such seaman shall be actually employed in his Majesty's nS one penny dee, and not otherwise, to send single letters by the post on

fwn private concern only, at the rate of one penny only for herein men-such letter, the same to be paid upon putting the same into tioned being post office of the town or place from whence such letter is observed, nded to be sent by the post: provided nevertheless, that upon py such letter so to be sent, the name of the writer, and his is or description in the ship or vessel to which he shall belong,

B be superscribed; and provided also, that upon every such tr there shall be written, in the hand-writing of and signed die officer having at the time the command of the ship or sel, his name and the name of the ship or vessel commanded kim.

m. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said ^eivetm* t day of August one thousand eight hundred and six, it shall [eUt^free L may be lawful to and for each and every seaman employed from postage, lis Majesty's navy, within any part of his Majesty's domi- one penny ns, whilst such seaman shall be actually employed in hk^when1 jetty's service and not otherwise, to receive by the post on his pUt into tj, e n private concerns only, free from postage, single letters; pro- post office, ed that the sum of one penrty for the postage of each single and the re$u-: er shall be paid upon putting the same into a post-orace J^oned"1 abUahed under the authority of his Majesty's postmaster- ^im

general; plied with.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. C. 9A. [iM

general; and provided also, that every such letter dull fa directed to such seaman, specifying on the superscription therei the ship or vessel to which he shall belong, and provided 13d wise, that it shall not be lawful for the deputy-postmaster i the town or place to which such letter shall be sent to be dd vered, to deliver such letter to any person except the seaman i which such letter shall be directed, or to some person appointed* receive the same, by writing under the hand of the officer hath the command of the ship or vessel to which such seaman $b belong; provided nevertheless, that nothing herein cornual shall extend, or be construed to extend, to letters sent by <r % commissioned officers or warrant-officers, midshipmen, or ters' mates.

fcrreants, &c.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after^ P^at" fsaid first day of August one thousand eight hundred and six may^cHet-8^151^ anc* raay^hrwful to and for each and every Serjeant, < ters in like poral, drummer, trumpeter, fifer, and private soldier, in i manner, on Majesty's regular forces, militia, fencible regiments, artillery royal marines, within any part of his Majesty's dominions, wh such serjeant, corporal, trumpeter, drummer, fifer, and prit soldier respectively shall be actually employed in his Ma' Service, and not otherwise, to send single letters by the pc his and their own private concerns only, at the rate of one^__ only for each such letter, the same to be paid when puttugl same into the post office in the town or place from whence H letter is intended to be sent by the post: provided neverthef that upon every such letter so to be sent, the name of the and his class or description in the regiment, corps, or d ment to which he shall belong shall be subscribed; and pr also, that upon every such letter there shall be written in hand-writing of and signed by the officer having at the time*conlmand of the regiment, corps, or detachment, his name andlj name of the regiment, corps, or detachment commanded by fa"

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the 1

paying one penny for acbjfcc.:

Andrrpy

letters first day of August one thousand eight hundred and six, it postageTone may to and for eac^ and every serjeant, corpofll

penny having trumpeter, drummer, fifer, and private soldier in his MajestJ been paid regular forces, militia, fencible regiments, artillery, or marini

S^oost*int w^t^n^Part k*s Majesty's dominions, whilst such seijeai

the post office.

corporal, trumpeter, drummer, fifer, and private soldier, dll be actually employed in his Majesty's service, and not otherwii to receive by the post, on his or their own private concerns odi Conditions, free from postage, single letters: provided that the sum of 01 penny for the postage of each such letter shall be paid upon puttal the same into a post office established under the authority of Jl Majesty's postmaster-general; and provided also, that cW] such letter shall be directed to such serjeant, corporal, trumpet^ drummer, fifer, and private soldier, specifying on the sow scription thereof the name of the regiment, corps, or detach ment to which he shall belong; and provided likewise that i shall not be lawful for the deputy-postmaster of the town.by plao

] AftMjftgui tjtiadragcsimo sexto Geo. liL c. 92. 477

to which such letter shall be sent to be delivered, to detach letter to any person, except die serjeant, corporal,

>etef, drummer, hfcr, and private soldier, to whom such shall be directed, or to some person appointed to receive e, by writing under the hand of the officer haring the and of the regiment, corps, or detachment to which such nt, corporal, trumpeter, drummer, lifer, and private soldier

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Not to erteod contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to let-f0 t by or to commissioned officers, or warrant-officers. missioned or

And be it further enacted, That if any person, having warrant-offi-jrnroand of the ship, vessel, regiment, corps, or detachment, cer rhais hereby authorised to write his name and the name of Penalty on lip, vessel, regiment, corps, or detachment commanded by of^wriN upon any single letter from any such seaman, serjeant, cor-ing their name, trumpeter, drummer, fifer, and private soldier, shall wil-on letters not and knowingly write his name upon any such letter that isfrona sn any such seaman, serjeant, corporal, trumpeter, drum- roan, fifer, and private soldier, and on his or their own private ms only, such commanding officer shall for every suchforfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

L And be it further enacted, That if any person, not Penalty on g at the time the command of the ship, vessel, regiment,

or detachment, shall write his name upon any such letter, comimandof der that the same may be sent at a lower rate of postage the ship, bylaw established, every such person shall, for every such writing their ce, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds. "ame on

II. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons te"* nsoever shall knowingly and designedly address a letter or let- ^resdng let-9 any such seaman^erjeant, corporal* trumpeter, drummer, ters to sL-and private soldier, which shall be intended for another men, &c. in-in, or which shall be concerning the affairs of another per-1^ for with intent to evade the payment of the rate of postage by ^^3^ stablished, every such person or persons so offending shall, postage, rery such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, nr. AnAbe- it further enacted, That if any person or per-P^lty for whomsoever shall procure any such seaman, serjeant, cox-I, trumpeter, drummer, fifer, or private soldier, to obtain the command-ignature of his commanding officer to any letter or letters ing officer to i sent by the post, which shall not be on the private concerns letters not on ich seaman, serjeant, corporal, trumpeter, drummer, ^ncerafof private soldier; or if any such seaman, serjeant, corporal, seamen, &c. (peter, drummer, fifer, and private soldier shall himself ob-the signature of his. commanding officer upon any letter or r$ which shall not be from such seaman, serjeant, corporal, ipeter, drummer, fifer, or private soldier, and upon his own ite concerns only, in order to avoid the payment of the rates >oting as by law established, each and every person so tdtog shall, to; every web offence* forfeit and.pay the sum

-, Go<

Application of penalties.

or 1

XV. And be it further enacted, That one moiety of d| several penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed upon offender or offenders against the same shall be to die use pi Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to person who shall and will inform and sue for the same, and and may be recovered before any one or more justice rices of the peace for the county, city, riding, town or where the offence shall be committed, either by the voh confession of the party, or upon the oath or oaths of one or credible witness or witnesses, (which oath or oaths, the tice or justices is hereby authorised and required to act and in default of payment it shall and may be lawful

{*ustice and justices to commit such offender or offenders to louse of correction for any space (not exceeding one month) until such forfeiture or penalty shall be sooner paid.

CAP. XCIII.

An act to enable the lords of of his Majesty's treasury to in exchequer-bills, on the credit of such aids or supplies as have beet shall be granted by parliament for the service of Great Britain, for I year one thousand eight hundred and six.

[July x6, 1806.]

Treasury may issue exchequer-bills, in manner prescribed by the act of this session, c. 1. but not to issue exchequer-bills on the cxea the acts of this session, c. a. & 3. in any other manner than au by these acts. Exchequer bills to bear an interest not exceeding pence halfpenny per centum per diem; and if not paid out of then for 1806, they shall be receivable in payment at the revenue in four after their date. Clauses See. in the recited act, c. . relating to cxc* bills, extended to this act. Bank of England authorised to 6, 000, 000l. on the credit of this act.

CAP. XCIV.

An act to enable the commissioners for executing the office of lord hid treasurer of Ireland, to contract for the purchase of the duties of prii2 and butlerage in Ireland.

[July 16, 1806.]

CAP. XCV.

An act for the more effectually regulating and providing for the ietiefl the poor, and the management of infirmaries and hospitals in fatal  July 16, 1806.]

CAP. XCVI.

An act to amend the laws respecting the accounting for money presodri in Ireland for the making, repairing, widening, or fencing of pobfidf roads, and the building and repairing of bridges, pipes, or glDfttcv  [July 16, 1806.]

CAP. XCVII.

An act to permit the free interchange of every species of grain, ktwfi Great Britain and Ireland.

[July 16, 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the free importation and exp*-tation of all corn and grain, mealy flour9bread) or biscuit) rt, ciprocally to and from Great Britain and Ireland, should beuBooxi

end

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 97c 479

|i tbt all restraints, duties, and bounties relating thereto should cease;

|it therefore enacted, by the King's most excellent majesty, by js with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem-mii9 and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by |authority of the same, That, from and after the passing act, all bounties and duties payable on the exportation and 0)| exporta-tttation of com, grain, malt, meal, flour, or biscuit re- tion and im-drely, from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to portation of t Britain, shall cease and be no longer payable; and that be lawful for any person to carry and export out of and from Great Britain port or place in Great Britain to any port or place in Ireland, and Ireland, ^use of and from any port or place in Ireland to any port orhall cease.

" in Great Britain, and to import into any port or place in Britain from any port or place in Ireland, and into any or place in Ireland from any port or place in Great Britain, tthout payment of any duty whatsoever on that importation, in ly British or Irish ship or vessel owned and navigated according 'iw, any sort of corn or grain, meal, flour, bread, or biscuit, ever the average price of corn or grain may be in either trjr at the time of such exportation or importation, any j in any act or acts of parliament now in force in Great tin or Ireland, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Exportert0 1 exporting corn, grain, meal, flour, bread, or biscuit, from the chief offi^ Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, shall Cer of the cus-e before the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of toms that the ft customs at the port from whence the exportation is about to 9* ls Re place, that such com, grain, meal, flour, bread, or biscuit, export^10* i really and truly intended to be exported to Great Britain or p viand, as the case may be; and such exporter shall thereupon sceive a like cocket, certificate, let-pass, or transire, as is given Id conformable to all the like regulations in force, in case of oods sent coastways from one port of Great Britain to another ort therein, or from one port in Ireland to another port in viand respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That no fee, perquisite, gratuity, No fee shall

r reward whatsoever, shall be required, taken, or received by any be taken by

Ecer of the customs, or any clerk or other person employed by ? officer of t 1 c J, r r'e 3 the customs,

un, for or on account of such importation or exportation, or for

ay thing done or to be done by him for or on account thereof, or

i any way relating thereto \ and if any such officer, clerk, or other

mm shall require, take, or receive, either directly or indirectly,

ly fee, perquisite, gratuity, or reward, on account of such im-

urtation or exportation, or for any thing done or to be done by

ira relating thereto, every such officer, clerk, or other person so

Sending, shall, on proof thereof to the satisfaction of the com-

lissioners of customs in England or Scotland, or the of

f customs and port-duties in Ireland respectively, as the case

lay be, be peremptorily dismissed from his office or employ-

leat, and be incapable of ever again holding, executing, or

acting

A certain quantity of malt and oat meal, as well

480 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 97. [1806.

acting in any office or employment in the service of his Majestyi customs or excise, or of any revenue belonging to his Majest in any part of the United Kingdom.

IV. And whereas, by an act passed in the forty-third year of th 43 G. 3.C. 105. reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to permit, the 

portation for two years, of a certain quantity of com, grain, meal flour, bread, biscuit, or pulse, to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey and Alderney^ from other ports in England, as well as the port 0 Southampton \ under certain restrictions, it was prwided that thousand eight hundred quarters of grain, mealy or bread might it exported during the period of two years after the passing cf th ttk act, from any port in England, to the islands ^Guernsey, JcT'and Alderney, as well as from the port ^Southampton; whid was made perpetual by another act passed in the forty-fifth year his said Majesty; in which recited acts the articles allowed to be e\ ported were confined to wheat, wheat-mealy or flour y ryey bar lei, bready biscuit or peasey which said quantity it was intended migh exported annually: and whereas it is expedient that malt and - meal should be included therein; be it enacted, That from and the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the vh or any part of such quantity of nine thousand eight hurii; as wheat, &c. quarters of wheat, wheat-meal, or flour, rye, barley, malt, may be ex- bread, biscuit, beans, pease, and oats, or oatmeal, to be export ported an- annually from the port of Sout/umiptony or from any other per? 0 Guernsey, See. Portsn England or Ireland, to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey and Alderney, under the provisions of the said act.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this or any or acts now in force in any part of the United Kingdom extend to prohibit at any time the exportation or carrying out Ireland so much com, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, or of as shall be necessary to be carried out in any ship or other vi from any port in Ireland, on its voyage out and home, for sustenance, diet, and support of the commander, m mariners, passengers, or others, or for the use and sustenance the cattle, live stock, or other animals aboard such ship or or for victualling or providing any of his Majesty's forces, or garrisonsj or to prohibit at any time the exportation of from thence to the British forts, castles, or factories in Africa t for the use of British ships trading upon that coast, which fati

Thelikequan-been usually supplied with the same from Great Britain; or M &c^mention- prohibit the like quantities of the several sort* of com and othi edin Table " articles as are mentioned in the Table marked (C.) contained^ (CO of the act an act made in Great Britain in the thirty-first year of his pi 3* G. 3. c. 30. Majesty's reign, intituled An act for reflating the importation exportation of corn9 and the payment of the duty on foreign com exported an^ of^bunty on British corn exported; and alsQ in

Ireland. act made in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty's to amend the said act, to be exported from Ireland to the a in the said Table, and in the said last recited act mentioned spectively, so as the whole quantities to be exported froi

Supply of corn, See. for ships' stores, may be exported from Ireland, or

for fis Majesty's forces or garrisons; or beans for the British torts in Africa.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 98. 481

n such places, within twelve calendar months from every fifteenth pg of february^ do not exceed the quantities respectively limited

XXI. Provided always, That if at the time of any such expor- In case the Srion, the price of such com, grain, malt, meal, or flour, ascer-

E according to law, shall be above the price at which the above the

thereof is allowed, except as aforesaid, the exporter price at which f to any of the places mentioned in the said Table (C.) or export it U last recited act, or for his Majesty's forces, forts, or garri- ^orti to pis, or for the use of British ships trading on the coast of -foy place or beans for the British forts, castles, or factories in mentioned in mrjca, shall before the shipping thereof declare the island or ^ble f C,) &c. jfce for which the said articles are respectively intended to ^plac^for S exported; and he, together with the master, or person having which the C charge of the ship or vessel, shall become bound to his same are to Majesty, his heirs and successors, in a bond with one other exported, See. ijncient security to be approved of by the chief officer of Stems at the port, in treble the value thereof, with condition it the articles so exported shall be landed at the respective rods or places for which the same shall be so declared and tered for exportation, and shall not be landed elsewhere,

\danger of the seas only excepted; and such bond shall be Kted and discharged upon producing such certificate. as is Hired in case of the exportation of any such articles on enty, or on proof made to the satisfaction of the commis-Iters of customs and port-duties in Ireland, that such articles tre taken by enemies or perished cm the seas: provided always,

Ett in case such articles shall be so exported for the use of Majesty's forts or garrisons, there shall be a certificate from It commissary of the forces, or person receiving the same for fe use of His Majesty, testifying the quantity so received.

CAP. XCVIII.

9 act for making additional and further provisions for the effectual performance of quarantine in Great Britain.

[July 16, 1806.]

WHEREAS, by an act passed in the forty-fifth year of the reign

1V of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making further 45 G. 3. C.

prision for the effectual performance of quarantine, certain sig-

1Is are directed to be used on board of ships or vessels having clean

Iff of health, and certain other signals on board of ships or vessels

t living clean bills of health, and it will be more conducive to the

Mick safety that a third signal should be used on board of ships or

udr having the plague or other infectious disease or distemper highly

\Hgerous to the health of !us Majesty's subjects actually on board;

fit therefore enacted, by the King's most excellent majesty, by

|d with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tern-

rral, and qommons, in this present parliament assembled, and

r the authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Signal to be

iy of October one thousand eight hundred and six, every com- JJ^d by ships

ander, master, or other person having the charge of any ship avm* c

IVL

4-t-z

plague. See actually oa board.

or vessel, on board whereof the plague or other infectious discs* or distemper highly dangerous to the health of his Majesty's subjects shall actually be, shall be, and is hereby required at all times when sufch ship or vessel shall meet with any other ship or vessel at sea, or shall be within four leagues of the coast of Great Britan, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, to hoi*: a signal to denote that his ship or vessel has the plague, or other infectious disease or distemper highly dangerous to the health u his Majesty's subjects actually on board thereof, which signal shall be in the day-time a flag of yellow and black, borne quarterly of eight breadths of bunting at the main-top-mast heal, and in the night-time the signal shall be two large signal lanthon^ (such as are commonly used on board of his Majesty's ships of to) one over the other at the same mast-head, and such commands; master, or other person, shall keep such signal hoisted duria such time as the said ship or vessel so having the plague, or snel other infectious disease or distemper as aforesaid, on board thereof shall continue within sight of such other ship or vessel, or withil four leagues of the said coasts or islands; and while so in sigh: or within such distance until such ship or vessel so having the plague, or such other infectious disease or distemper as aforesaid on board thereof, shall have arrived at the port or place where it ij to perform quarantine, and until it shall have been legally d* charged from the performance thereof; on failure whereof sad commander, master, or other person, having charge of such&| Or vessel, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sun of two hundred pounds.

II. And whereas it is by the said recited act enacted, thet m commander, master, or other person having the charge of ary ship a vessel coming from foreign parts, shall give to the pilot who shad gs u board Such ship or vessel, a written paper containing a true accmx of the names, of the place and country at 5which such skip or vest shall have loacted; and also of all the places at which any such ship a vessel shall have touched on the homeward voyage: and whereas skip and vessels are or may be, by the order of his Majesty, hu imt or successors, in council, made liable to quarantine by reason of tkn having on board thereof certain sorts of goods and merckondhem especially liable to retain infection: >and it is expedient that the pUi going on board of such ships and vessels should also be informed Master to dc- cargo thereof; be it therefore enacted, That from and after thi.said tenth day of October every commander, master, or oAa

person having the charge of any ship or vessel coming stra foreign parts, which shall not be liable to quarantine a respect of the place from whence such ship or vessel conn* shall give to the pilot who shall go on board of such ship d Vessel, a written paper containing a true account of the differs articles composing the cargo of such ship or vessel, on pain d forfeiting the sum of two hundred pounds for any neglect* refusal to give such paper, or for any false representation or wilful omission therein; and if by any proclamation or order c: his Majesty in council, then in force, ships and vessels having <r

*'2\L'

liver account of cargo to pilot on penalty of aoo/.

6/]! Asm r*gni quad^gfsirno sexto Geo. III. c. &. 4

i soy of (fee aftklw Kventfouod in such paper, dull be liable M<#iPve ie performance of quarantine, such pilot shall immediately I^ckste on*tehee theneof to the commander or other person having the, board liable re of such ship or vessel* on pgip of forfeiting the sum of one to quarantine, bred pounds for may neglect therein y and such commander or 0IJ PCjj^Y ps^oa shall thereupon hoist a proper signal according toIoo/#c-previsions of the said recited, act, and under (he respective Ides in the said recited act, or in this act contained for neglect or refusal in respect of hoisting such signals; in ease any pilot shall bring, or cause to be brought or acted* any ship or vessel liable to the performance of UUWW* into any place which is not, or shall not, be spe- appointed for the reception of ships and vessels so liable, receiving such paper-as aforesaid, whereby it shall have made appear that such ship or vessel was liable to the per-mce of quarantine, or without requiring and receiving such

as aforesaid, unless compelled thereto by stress of weather, se winds, or accidents of the seas, such pilots shall for every offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

And whereas, by the raid recited act* provision is made for ming whether ships and vessels be liable to quarantine by means negating the commander, master* or other person having the f tf such ships or vessels, for which purpose it is necessary that fr vessels should be brought to at the requisition of the officer oftme> which salutary provision has in some instances been and rgain be eluded by the pilot, on board* or by the commander,

or otlter person having the charge of such ships or vessels; therefore enacted, That if any pilot being on board, or Penalty oa anmander, master, or other person having the charge of or lip or vessel coming from foreign parts, whether such ship ^nSw?oon sel shall be liable to quarantine or not, shall be required request of f officer authorised by the commissioners of the customs, quarantine-r four of them, to act in the service of quarantine, to bring officer, h ship or vessel, to the end that the commander, master, er person having the charge thereof may be interrogated ting to the provision of the said recited act, and shall neg- refuse to bring to such ship or vessel as soon as it can be pith safety, in obedience to such requisition, every such commander, master, or other person, having the charge of tdb ship or vessel, shall for every such offence forfeit and e sum of one hundred pounds.

And whereas* by the said recited act, certain duties are im- n ships and vessels which have performed quarantine; and by u astf a ship or vessel may be rendered liable to the performance.routine, by receiving any person or persons from or out of any kip or Vessel coming from or having touched at an infected place, which provision a ship or vessel not being originally liable to a quarantine, may be rendered so liable by force and against the f the master and crew; and it is reasonable that such ship or dmdd be relieved from the payment of the said duties-: be it 1 i 2 therefore

quarantine solely by involuntary communication, exempt from duty.

Certificate of goods having been opened and aired.

484 Attftd regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c.$$. (lteGi, Ships liable to therefore enacted, That no ship or vessel which shall be rendered " liable to perform quarantine solely by reason of having received on board thereof, by force or against the will of the master and crew, any person or persons, shall be liable to or charged with any duty under the said recited act \ provided that it shall apped to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs th^ such person or persons was or were received on board the will of the master and crew of such ship or vessel.

V. And whereas the mode prescribed by the said recited act fm certifying that all goods, wares, and merchandize, and other liable to quarantine, have been duly opened and airedy conformal;: i the provisions in the same, have been found inconvenient; be it 1 fore enacted, That so much of the said recited act as relates t the certificates and proof of opening and airing such wares, merchandize, and other articles, shall be, and is \ repealed; and that after such orders for the opening and airir of such goods, wares, and merchandize, and other article shall have been duly complied with, proof thereof shall be 1 by the oaths of the master of the lazaret or vessel in which:

foods, wares, and merchandize, and other articles, shall een opened and aired, and of one of the guardians, or if I be no guardian, then of one of the officers authorised by tii of of the customs, or any four of them, to act inti, service of quarantine in such lazaret or vessel, or if there be b such officer, then by the oaths of two or more credible witneui serving in the said fazaret or vessel before the superintendent quarantine, or his assistant, in case such opening and airing slu be had at a port or place where such superintendant or assista shall be established, or otherwise before the principal officer -j thorised by the commissioners of the customs, or any fouroftki to act in the sendee of quarantine at such port or place; whi oath such superintendant, assistant, or principal officer is hen authorised to administer; and such superintendant, assistant, principal officer, as the case may be, shall make certificate such proof having been made; and upon the production of set certificate to the proper officer of the customs, authorised by ti said of or any four of them, such goods, wares, j merchandize, and other articles, shall be liable to no furti j restraint or detention either at the port or place where stn| quarantine shall have been perfq^ned, or at any other pi* where to they may be afterwards conveyed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by his or tin comln^ from8 or^er m council, or for the lords and others of his or their on America or council, or any three or more of them, by their order fr 1 th.* West In- time to time, as often as they may see reason to apprehend th dies, when the the yellow fever, or other highly infectious distemper pr<. ^c*0^/va^s, on t^lc continent of Atnericay or in the West htdiesy to re; 1 then?, to go to that every ship and vessel coming from or having touched i certain places any port or place on the continent of America, or in the ii

Power for privy council

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. $8. 485

k&x, shall come to an anchor at certain places to be appointed without being Vmb time to time by the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs llabji0 I\atland and Scvtlattdy (who are hereby respectively authorised female such appointment) for the purpose of having the state

Eof the crew of such ship or vessel ascertained before

or vessel shall be permitted to enter the port where to '*' !*'

>e bound, or any other port of Great Britain; but that n*(cb s^ip or vessel shall not be deemed liable to quarantine, it shall he afterwards specially ordered under that re-

it.

And whereat it may be necessary for the publick security to all communication whatever with ships or vessels performing Worttine without clean bills of health; and the danger of such commotion is greatly increased by persons not being prevented from 8J within the stations allotted for the performance of quarantine by m ships or vessels: be it therefore' further enacted, That it shall Intercourse may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs or succes-by his or their order or orders in council, notified by pro- quarantine of itum, or published in the London Gazette, to prohibit all snips without >, diips, " boats, and vessels whatsoever, from going under clean bills of etence whatsoever, within the limits of any station, ^orohrbfted by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by any such by order in or orders in council, has been or may be assigned council, the performance of quarantine by any ships or vessels out clean bills of health; and that if any person whatso-Ip after such notification or publication of any such order or krs in council, shall presume under any pretence whatsoever,

|tt> with any ship, boat, or vessel, within the limits of any m station, lie or she shall, for every such offence, forfeit and Jibe sum of five hundred pounds.r,

yUL And be it further enacted, That if any person shall Persons so^g-Hn'ngly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, interline, erase, or j.n orutt*pnX Jir, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, interlined, erased, ^t^required titered* any certificate directed or required to be granted by by order in f order of his Majesty, his heirs or successors in council now council, guilty force, or hereafter to be made touching quarantine, and the0*011!* rention of insection, or shall publish as true any such" forged Counterfeited, interlined, erased, or altered certificate, know-the same to be forged or counterfeited, interlined, erased, altered, or shall knowingly and wilfully utter and publish such certificate, with intent to obtain the effect of a true ificate to be given thereto, knowing the contents of such ificate to be false, he or she shall be adjudged guilty of*;

pys and shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without efit of clergy.

X. And be it further enacted, That the consuls and vice-Power to con-mis of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, shall, and aTe ^c % to ihy empowered t6 administer o^ths in all cases respecting rantine, in like manner as if they were magistrates of the ral towns or jplaces where they respectively reside.

And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein byer8?n?u-

: ' by GOOglSrtue^"^,

4&6 Anno tegm quadragesimo sexierGtea, IH. ^99. [iW6 natkms nwy" virtue and in pursuance of this act, or any other now in foxes oaths^and or hereafter to^made touching quarantine, any examinario* person se wear-or answers shall be taken or made upon oath, the person wh rng falsely, or shall be authorised and required to take sock examinations us procuring answers, shall, and shall be deemed to have full power an do ^halfbe aut^K>r*ty to administer such oaths; and if amj person who Ad deemed guilty^90 interrogated or examined, shall wilfully swear fain^ ofpeijury. to any matter, concerning which such persons shall depose make oath on such examination or in such answer, or person shall procure any other person so to do, he or At* Swearing falsely or procuring any other person so tordo* U be deemed to have been guilty of, and shall be liable to eecnted for wilful and corrupt perjury, or subornatioirof wwl and corrupt perjury, as the 'case may be, and snail suffer A.pains, penalties, and punishments of the law, in such case it Spectively made and provided^'

CAP. XCIX.

An act for allowing a bounty on the exportation of chi of vitriol mA in Great Britain.

[July 16, 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient in order to promote and r/xwrqj the exportation bf or of vitriol tnanufnttured /VQrVat BritA that an allowance or bounty should be granted to the Exporters proportion to the duties paid upon the importation of the brtrnsiM used and cons tinted in the preparing and making suck oil 5 bei therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by With the advice and consent of the lord^ spiritual and temper*] and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and b From Aug. x, the authority of the same, That from and after the first <J*|, hn^)0Unty of one thousand eight hundred and six, there shall a

allowed of or allowed for and upon every one hundred pounds wei^ll

5j. 6J. for of oil of vitriol made and prepared in Great Britain, and whiq every ioolbi. shall be really and bond side regularly entered and exported frail of ofl of vitriol thence to foreign parts by way of merchandize, and so in pd exported. portion for : iy greater or less quantity, the sum erf fir Shillings and sixpence; which allowance or bdunty shall be pai to the person or persons so exporting the * sartiq, by the cofleeto of the Customs of the port from whence, thb same shall be n ported, on a debenture to be made by the collector accordm] to the entry of the goods and the shipping thereof, certified b the proper officer of the customs at the port; of exportation.

II. And be it further enacted, That if upon view and | covered, thettrtrtrifioA the searchers shall Arid arty such oil of vitriol to m vitriol shall be less in quantity than expressed in the exporter's mdorsemw forfeited. upon his ^ntry, 6t entered under a wrong denominaticrj whereby his Majesty would have been defrauded, all such oil uof vitriol shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized bj arty Officer or officers of the customs.

Props that the

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if m n; Sc\iTGreat^spute skafl ar*se concerning thCjBriidoil of titrfol, draffs to

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 99, too. 487 whether the same was prepared or made in Great Britain, Britain, shall j entitled to the bounty or allowance granted by this a^ll^"rthccx* proof thereof shall lie on the exporter or daimer of such p er# and not upon the officer or officers who shall seize or the same.

And be it further enacted, That before any bounty shall Manufacturer id for any such oil of vitriol, or any debenture made out exporter* to e same, the manufacturer or manufacturers, not being the make oath that ter dr exporters thereof, shall make oath before the he sold the oil Jar or other proper officer of the customs, either of the v*tril ef exportation, or of any other port in Great Britain, po^er and oath the said collector or other proper officer of the that it*was; is hereby empowered to administer,) that he or they made in Great such oil of vitriol, expressing the quantity and the time Britain> &c. to the person or persons exporting the same, and that oil of vitriol was really and truly made and prepared in Britain, and that the several duties payable upon the stone used and consumed in the making and preparing |>aid oil of vitriol were, to the best of his or their knowledge belief, duly paid at the time of the importation of such sstone \ and the exporter or exporters of such oil of vitriol Exporter to then make oath that such oil of vitriol, being the oil of .atil ' for which bounty is then claimed, is the identical oil of S^dentlcal or part thereof, which was sold to him or them as'afore-vitriol so sold V and whenever the manufacturer or manufacturer of such to him. of vitriol shall be die exporter or exporters thereof, be or } shall then make oath to the several particulars hereinbefore cted to be sworn by hto or them (excepting what relates ffie sale of the said oil cfl^witriol) according to the true intent meaning of this act.

\ And be it further enacted, That before the money due Exporter to U any such debenture shall be paid, the exporter or fers shall also make oath that the said oil of vitriol has been exported to parts beyond the seas, and not re-landed or exported, ded to be re-landed in Great Britain, or the islands of Farro \Yerro.

[. And be it further enacted, That the several penalties Penalties how I forfeitures in this act mentioned shall and may be prosecuted toberecovered I determined by bill of plaint or information in any of his*0* aPPlied* Sesty's courts of record at Westminster, Or in the court of Inequer at Edinburgh, respectively, wherein no e$soign, pro-Xton, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance ffl be allowed 5 and one moiety of the said penalties and forties shall be to the use of his Majesty, and the other to ft officer or officers of the customs, as shall sue or prosecute ithe ame.

CAP. C.

An act to empower the of and governors of the royal

fir seamtn at Greenwich, in the county of Kent, to male certain allowances U old, infirm, or wounded on disMed officers

in

488 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 100.[1806.

in the royal navy, and to provide a fund for the payment of fweh allowances, and for the increase of pensions to disabled seamen and marines.

[July 16, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the third year of therein of his present Majesty, intituled An act to empower e of or governors of the royal hospital for-seamea at Greenwich, after defraying the necessary expences thereof, provide for such seamen worn out and become decrepid i&sfe service of their country, who shall not be provided for with the said hospital, and to enable them to receive such pen*k % j as shall be granted them by the said of or govenxxy in the most easy and convenient manner, and for preventiqf frauds and abuses attending the same: and whereas it is i pedient that the of and governors of the said royal hosfod should be empowered to grant certain allowances to old or wounded, or disabled captains, commanders, and lieutenants cf Majesty's navy, and that funds should be provided for enabling tk said of and governors to defray the additional cLpn Which will be occasioned by such extention of the provisions f tm said act, and also for the purpose of enabling the said comrmsshxtn and governors to increase the pensions to disabled seamen and marim not provided for within the said hospital; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the adnc* and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of Commission- the same, That it shall be lawful for the of and ers of Green- governors of the royal hospital foueamen at Greenwich in the emMwwdtocounty of Kent, and they are here^ empowered, after defny-grant certainng the necessary expences of the said hospital, as well by and allowances to out of the estates, rents, revenues, or other monies belong-old, infirm, or ing to the said hospital, as out of the funds herein after provided not on> ^or t*ut PUT5096* to g*ant allowances to such captains, con* vided for m manders, and lieutenants of his Majesty's navy as are oid, the hospital, infirm, or wounded, or disabled, and who shall not be pnn5! n to v*ed for in the said hospital j and such allowances shall be ia theirhalf-pay.addition to any half-pay receivable by such captains, coon manders, and lieutenants, and shall and may be received by them respectively, together with and in addition to such hali-pay, any thing in any act or law contained to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, that no allowance to be made to any captain, commander, or lieutenant, pursuant to the directions of this act, shall in any case exceed a sum which, when added to the half-pay of such officer, shall amount to three-fourths of the salary paid to such officers of similar rack, resident within and upon the establishment of the said royal hospital.

II. And for the providing an additional fund, and thereby enakb*i the said of and governors to carry into execution the pa-prize-agents poses of this act, be it further enacted, That, from and after the the^of act, all and every prize-agent and prize-agents,

by appOWted

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. too. 489 Iftomted or to be appointed in pursuance of an act passed in Greenwich H last session of parliament, intituled An act for the encourage- j8P^al^meat of seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning his pe/cent*. on itfijestffs navy during the present % var, or of any other prize-act the proceeds

reafter to be passed, shall, from and out of the net proceeds of prizes, all prizes which, after the passing of this act, shall be taken 4* c* the present war by any ship or vessel of war in his ^"esty's pay, retain for the use of the said royal hospital, and within ten days next after the distribution of the proceeds ary such prize for which he or they shall have been or t be appointed agent or agents as aforesaid shall have been led in the manner directed by the said last mentioned act, lt&ny other prize-act hereafter to be passed, pay over to the rer of the said royal hospital, or his deputy, or to any to be appointed by such treasurer by writing under his and seal, to receive the same for the use of the said royal Ktal, the sum of one pound thirteen shillings and four-pence centum on the net proceeds of every such prize, any thing ptoy act or acts of parliament or proclamation to the contrary withstanding; and such payment, and the receipt of the treasurer, or his deputy, or such person so to be appointed ^aforesaid, shall be a sufficient discharge to such agent or for the same, in his or their accounts with all persons to any share of any such proceeds.

And be it further enacted, That the receiver of the A like per fcs of admiralty for the time being, shall, and he is hereby centage on rised and required, as soon after the net proceeds arising of* ^dJJJIts any such droits shall from time to time have been of admiralty, ed after the passing of this act, and after the expiration to be retained; jffie period within which any appeal can be lodged against r adjudication in relation to such droits, as the same can done, deliver in an account thereof and pay over to the feaid.mrer, or his deputy, or such other person or persons as treasurer shall by any writing under his hand and seal, lithorise and appoint to receive the same, one pound thirteen feUtlmgs and four-pence per centum upon the amount of such fetl jroceeds, for the use of the said hospital.

j* W. And be it further enacted, That from and after the As also on the passing of this act, all and every agent and agents for bounty- amount of

tobney shall, in like manner, from and dut of the net proceeds "

if all bounty-bills which shall be made out pursuant to the,'

'directions of the said act of the forty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, or of any other prize-act hereafter to be passed

for or in Tespect of any ship or vessel which, from and after the passing of this act, shall be taken during the present war,

tod which shall have been received by any such agent or agents,

retain for the use of the said royal hospital, and shall, within

ten days next after the receipt of the same respectively, pay

over to the said treasurer, or his deputy, or such person so to

be* appointed as aforesaid, for the use of the 6aid royal hospital,

die 'sum of one pound thirteen shillings and {bu&fence per

centum

49 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c* tot.

centum upon the amount of the net proceeds of every snob bounty-bill, any thing in any act or acts, or proclamation or proclamations, to the contrary notwithstanding; and every such payment, and the receipt of the said treasurer, or his deputy, or 9uch person so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient discharge to such agent or agents for the same, in his or their accounts with all persons entitled to any share in any such proceeds.

Extending V. And be it further enacted, That all captains. Commanders, of former^ t8 anc* lieutenants of his Majesty's navy, who shall be allowed any to thisTctf0 8 pensins under this act, shall be deemed, construed, and takes to be out-pensioners of Greenwich hospital, within the provisions of the said recited act of the third year aforesaid 5 ani all the clauses, provisions, rules, regulations, powers, pains, as well of death as otherwise, and all penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things contained in the said recited act of the third year aforesaid, so far as the same are applicable, shall be applied and put in force for the purposes of this act, and for carrying the same into execution, and as to all captains, commanders, and lieutenants of his Majesty's navy, and all matters and things relating to all pensions receivable by them, in as full and ample a manner as if the same were herein severally and separately re-enacted and made part of this act, and the said recited act and this act shall be construed together as one act

CAP. Cl.

An act for improving the funds of the chest at Greenwich, and amending an act passed in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, relating to the said chest.

[July 16, 1806.]

43 G. 3.C. 119.

Prixe-agents shall retain 3l. 6s. % d. per centum out of the net proceeds of prizes for the use of Greenwich

WHEREAS an act passed in the forty-third year of the reip of his present Majesty, intituled An act for improving the funds of the chest at Chatham, and for transferring the administration of the same to Greenwich hospital, and for ameliorating the condition of the pensioners on the said funds: hnd whereas it is expedient that further provision should be made for improving the funds of the said chesty and for the more effectually carrying into execution the purposes of the said act9 arud for enabfir % the supervisors of the said chest to make further provision for, and to extend and increase allowances tb persons maimed or hurt, cr otherwise disabled in the service of their country; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, all and every prize-agent and prize-agents appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the encouragement of seatnen, and for the better and more effectually manning his Majesty's havy during the present war, or in pursuance of any other prize-act hereafter to be passed, shall, from and out of the net proceed*

of

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c tot* 491

tf ail prises which, after the phasing of this act, shall be talced

during the present war, by an y ship or vessel of war in his Majesty's pay, retain for the use of the said cheat at Greemmck

ind shall, within ten days next after the distribution of die

proceeds of every such prize far which he or they, shall hare

seen or shall be appointed agent or agents as aforesaid shall have

seen notified in the manner directed by the said last mentioned \

act, or any other prizo>act hereafter to be passed, pay over to the accountant of the said chest, or to such other person or persons

H the said supervisors shall from time to time, by writing udder

frm common seal, authorise and appoint to receive the same}

hr the use of the said chest, the sum of three pounds six

hillings and eight-pence peraritum on the net proceeds of every

tech prise, any thing in any act or sets, Or proclamation or

proclamations to the contrary, notwithstanding; and the paynlent

of such money, and the receipt of such accountant. Or each

Nhet person or persons so to: be appointed as aforesaid, shall be

tgood and sufficient discharge for the same to stich agent or i

touts, in his or their accounts with all persons entitled to any

Bare of any such proceeds*

II. And be it further enacted, That the receiver of droitsReceiver to if admiralty for the thfne being shall, and he is hereby author retain a Iikc tad and requited an Soon after the net proceeds arising from^of^htP i&ysach droits shall from tune to time have been ascertained droits of after the passing of this act, and after the; expiration of the admiralty* period within whidt arty appeal can be lodged against any fcftudfcation in relation to such droits as the same can be done, .*

leaver in an account thereof and pay over to the said accountant, lr to such other person or persons as the said supervisors shall \rf thdr common seal authorise and appoint to receive the {orae, three pounds six shillings and eighb-pence per. xentum.tfiofc the antfttot of such net proceeds, for the use of the<sri&

West

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Agents to

pasting of this act, all and every agent and agents, for bounty- ^ouSTof

uoney shall in like minner, 1 from and out of the net proceeds bounty-bills*

if all bounty-hills which shall be* made out pursuant to the

Sections of the said act of the fortyvfifth year of his present Majesty's reign, or of any other prize-act hereafter to be passed,

fe respect of any ship or vessel, which from and after the

pftting or this act, shall be taken during the present war, and

thich shall have been received by any such agent or agents,

ifetaih for the tiise of the said chest, and shall, within ten days

next after the receipt of the same respectively, pay over to the

laid accountant, or to such other person or persons as the said

supervisors shall by their common seal authorise and appoint to

receive the same, for the use of the said chest, the siim of three;

pounds six shillings and eight-pence per centum upon the

uhdent of the net proceeds of every such bounty-hill, any thing*->

m any act or acts, or" proclamation or proclamations to the i'

contrary notwithstanding; and every such p^ymeirt, and the '

receipt of the said accatmtstity uv such pmoAor persons so to

49 t Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. toft [1806.

be appointed as aforesaid, shall be a good discharge to such agent or agents for the same, in his or their accounts with all persons entitled to any share in such bounty-bill.

Receipt of

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon the sale of any accountant to messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments under the pro-j?a 8>0<* visions of the said recited act, now made or at any time hereafter & purchaser. to be ma<^e> the receipt of the accountant of the said chest for the time being, for the purchase-money to be paid for the same, shall be a good, valid, and sufficient discharge to the persons, bodies politic or corporate, purchasing such messuages, land;, tenements, or hereditaments respectively, for so much money as in such receipt shall be acknowledged to have been received, v to all intents and purposes; and such purchaser or purchaser!I

shall not be bound to see to the subsequent investment of the said purchase-monies under the said act.

Future va- V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pass-Sratoratong^act, a^ vacancies which shall thereafter happen be filled up by among the directors of the said chest, by death, resignation,; supervisors or removal, shall be filled up by die supervisors of the said, chest, out of such officers as are in the said recited act described, and not by the remaining directors: and it shall be lawful for the said supervisors, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to increase or alter the salaries of the said diru-tors to such extent and in such manner as they the said supervisors shall from time to time think reasonable and proper; any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Supervisors

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the may appoint passing of this act, it shall be lawful for the supervisors of the with Drooer sa* chest, anc^ they are hereby authorised and requited from talarietk time to time, as the same may be necessary, to appoint such accountants, clerks, surgeons, assistants, messengers, and other officers and servants, as shall appear to them from time to time to be necessary, and with such salaries as such super- visors shall think fit and adequate to their respective situations,

and from time to time to remove any such accountants, clerks surgeons, assistants, messengers, and other officers and servants, and appoint any others in their stead, and also to supply all vacancies which may arise therein; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Statements

VLI. And be it further enacted, That a statement of ail amounts app0intments which shall be made by the said supervisors, pur-riffvbefan" suan* to the powers vested in them by this act, and also an parlmnent.C account of the funds, receipt, and expenditure of the said chest, shall be annually laid before both houses of parliament. Directors may

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the

aKtaform of passing of this act, it shall be lawful for the directors of the said chest, or the major part of them, to order and direct that the whom they bills for the payment of pensions out of the said chest, shall be made out in such form as to such directors may from time to time appear to be most convenient and proper; and all such bills shall be signed by the accountant of the said chest, or in his absence from sickness 30r otherwise^ by his chief clerk, and

thall he signed.

49S

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. ioa;

ot by the said directors, as in the said act mentioned; and ich bills shall be attested or countersigned by the clerk making fjtry of the said bills j any thing in the said act contained to the ontrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every receiver-general Receiver-F land-tax, collector of customs or excise, or clerk of the general, on leque, examining any duplicate or certificate under the said: t, shall also inquire on the oath of the party, whether the tQ inquire*test-pensioner delivering the same, is likewise an out-pensioner whether the f the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, and to satisfy Pensioner imself that such chest-pensioner is not also an out-pensioner ^n" fthe said royal hospital, before he shall pay any bill under the Greenwich lid act and this act. hospital.

CAP. CII.

tn act for repealing the duties of excise on stills used for distilling or rectifying low wines or spirits for consumption in Scotland; on worts or wash, made for extracting spirits; and on spirits made for consumption in Scotland; and for granting and securing other duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the duties on foreign spirits and on malt.

[July 16, 1806.]

Most gracious Sbvereign,

WHEREAS bp an act passed in the forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to repeal 3 G. 3. c. 69. he duties of excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other luties in lieu thereof, certain duties of excise are payable for or n respect of stills used in Scotland, for distilling low wines or firsts for the consumption of Scotland, and for rectifying, com-winding, or mixing spirits; and also certain other duties for or n respect of worts or wash brewed or made in Scotland, for ex-racting spirits for consumption in Scotland; and for or in respect f spirits distilled or made in Scotland, for the consumption of Scotland: and whereas by another act passed in the forty-third tear of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for 43 Gr. 3. c. 8r. panting to his Majesty, until twelve months after the ratification ) the definitive treaty of peace, certain additional duties of; xcise in Great Britain, certain other duties for. and in respect of 'uch stills, worts, and wash, and spirits as aforesaid, are granted md made payable, until twelve months after the ratification of the Ufinitive treaty of peace: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the mid duties, and to impose other duties in lieu thereof; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the idvice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons* in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the tenth day of The duties August one thousand eight hundred and six, all and singular the by

laid duties shall cease and determine, and be no longer payable nd those'by*or paid, save and except in all cases relating t(nhe^Mcovering 43 G. 3. C. 81.

l9'tlz by or to cease.

other thing* to be mentioned in schedules.

Duties to be under the commissioners of excise.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. tot; [180f6.

or paying any arrears thereof respectively, which may at any time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fine*, penalties, or forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said tenth day of August*

In lieu thereof

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the 5*"*jc# said tenth day of August, in lieu and in stead of the ditties SKK by this act repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, hi* heirs and successors, on licences, and on the several other articles and things mentioned and described in the schedules marked (A.) and (B.) herein* annexed, the several sums of money and duties of excise, a they are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said schedules marked (A.) and (B.)

III. And be it further enacted, That the several and repec-tive duties by this act imposed, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in Scotland^ and shall (except as is herein after excepted, or otherwise directed or provided) be raised, collected, recovered, secured, and paid by such persons, at such times, and in such manner, and by such ways and means, and un^er such mahagement, and under and subject to such rules, regulations, conditions, penalties, and forfeitures, and with such powers of adjudging and litigating penalties and forfeitures, and with and subject to such powers, and to the like rules and directions, and by such methods, and in sad manner and form, (except as aforesaid) as by several acts made in the twenty-eighth, thirty-third, thirty-fifth, thirty-seventh, thirty-ninth, and fortieth, and forty-fifth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the regulation of distilleries in SaiUni, or by any other act or acts of parliament now in force concerning the several matters and things respectively, for or in respect whereof any duty is by*this act imposed, is directed or prescribed; and that all the provisions, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, and directions mentioned and contained in the said acts respectively (except as aforesaid,) shall be practised and put in execution for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or paying the several and respective duties by this act imposed, in manner in the said acts directed, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were particularly repeated and enacted in this act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all licences to make, distil, rectify, or compound spirits in the lowlands of Sntieadj

landsofScot- diall be granted in the manner and form directed by an act of

land to bethe the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his present

same as under Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the duties cf excise e*

39 & 4 G.3. distilleries in Scotland, and on the exportation of British-fnwdr spirits with certain - , ^0 \ ., rJ.J

from JKngland to Scotland, and Jor granting other duties tn tie*

thereof and for altering, amending, and continuing certain acts tf

parliament for the regulation of distilleries in Scotland; save and

except that every such licence shall commence and take effect

from the first day of October in each year, and shall be and

remain

Licences to make spirits in the low-

exceptions.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. io2 495

emain in force and effect for one year only from the said first ay of October in each year, and that no such licence shall be ranted, save and except between the said first day of October ad the first day of November in each year: provided always, hat it shall and may be lawful to and for any licensed di-tiljer in the lowlands of Scotland to deliver up to the commissioners of excise, or to the proper supervisor or surveyor of te district, his or their licence to be vacated on the terms and jnditions, and at the time and in the manner directed by the ud act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his te$ent Majesty 5 any thing in this or any other act in anywise

the contmy notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all licences to make or, n the high-istii spirits in the highlands of Scotland, shall be granted under lands, to be

fe hands and seals of the collecter and supervisor of excise of granted by the  collection and district within which the same shall authorise gupervieor of (e distiller or distillers to whom the same shall be granted, to the district, lake or distil spirits; and every such licence shall commence, and shall be ia ke effect, and be in force from the first day of October in each force for a tar, and shall remain in full force and effect for one year, and

0 longer.^. be granted

VI. And be it further enacted, That no licence shall be granted until the per-pt distilling spirits in Scotland, until the person applying for the son applying #ne shall have paid up the whole of the duty charged on every shall ptmer licence granted to such distiller, and also the whole of duty ibr every Sft duty charged on all worts or wash made, brewed, or received, former li-

#d on spirits distilled by him by virtue of such licence. cence.

VII..And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as Wher. any

5y distiller in the highlands of Scotland shall have brewed, made, highlands has

r received, and distilled into spirits a quantity of wort or wash, brewed*

tfficient to produce seventy-five gallons of spirits, at the quantity of

length of one to ten over hydrometer-proof, for each and every wot or wash,

Uon of the full content or capacity of the still or stills sped-

ed or mentioned in the licence granted to such distiller or maker gallons of

F spirits in the said highlands, computing ten gallons of such spirit, the 1?-

iirits, of the strength aforesaid, for every one hundred gallons cencetocease.

f such wort or wash, then and in every such case the licence of

ich distiller shall cease and determine, anu be nq longer in force: Allowing di-

forided always nevertheless, that such distiller or maker

writs in the highlands of Scotland shall be at liberty to take out cence upon*"

new or fresh licence, to be granted in the manner and on the the same

Tms and conditions of the first licence, save and except that the terms as the

tme shall in no case be granted for a longer term than to the

rst day of October then next ensuing; and such further licence ^00 excclv

tall also cease and determine when and so soon as such quantity

f worts or wash as aforesaid shall have been made, brewed, or

Jceived, and distilled into spirits; and at the termination of

/ery such licence within the year for which the first licence was

ranted, by the distiller having brewed, made, received, and

istitted into 4|lHrits such quantity of worts or wash as aforesaid,

le distiller or maker thereof shall be at liberty to renew and

e take

496 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. ioi.

[1806.

take out a fresh licence: provided also, that no licence be granted for distilling spirits in the highlands of Scotland save &d except to such person or persons, and for such distillery to and for which a licence shall have been taken out between the first of

October and the first day of November in each year, to commence and take effect from the first day of October in each year. Licences to be

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall ^utarintcred* to grant a licence to any regular-entered distiller or distillers in distillers in the highlands of Scotland, who shall apply for the the highlands, same, to make or distil spirits in the said highlands, betweeathe in the present tenth day of August and the first day of October in the present

me the duties year> su^ject to the payment of the duty by this act imposed0*

highland licences, and subject also to the payment of the several duties by this act imposed on worts, wash, and spirits, and to the several rules, regulations, and restrictions provided by this act, in relation to the making or distilling spirits in the highlands of Scotland: provided nevertheless, that no such licence to be granted for making or distilling spirits, between the tenth day of August and the first day of October in the present year, shall authorise or allow any distiller or distillers to make or distil a greater quantity of spirits, at the strength aforesaid, than shall be equal to seventy-five gallons of such spirits for each and every gallon of the content or capacity of the still or stills specified or mentioned in such licence, nor to brew, make, or receive into his custody a greater quantity of wash than shall be sufficient to extract such quantity of spirits as aforesaid, computing ten gallons of such spirits for every one hundred gallons of the wort or wash brewed, made, or received as aforesaid.

to be regulated

For estimat-

IX. And be it further enacted, That the quantity of spirits ing the quan- made or distilled, or the quantity of wort or wash brewed, made, tty of spirits or reived, by which the termination of the licence granted to which the any distiller in the highlands of Scotland shall be regulated, shall termination of be reckoned from the quantity which shall be first produced, the licence is until the full quantity of either shall be made; and if any surplus spirits shall be made or distilled beyond the quantity for which the licence shall have been granted, without taking out a new a fresh licence, or if any surplus wort or wash shall be remaining after such quantity of spirits as aforesaid shall have been made or distilled, then and in every such case the distiller or distillers by whom such surplus spirits shall be made or distilled, or in whose custody or possession such surplus wort or wash shall remain or be discovered, shall immediately take out and pay the duty for a new and fresh licence, or in default thereof shall forfeit five hundred pounds, together with all such surplus spirits, wort, and wash whatever, which shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

X. And be it further enacted, That no distiller in the high erected in the lands of Scotland shall be permitted to erect, set up, or use an) highlands of stjj^ the cubical content or capacity of which, including the he* and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, ^ube, or otk apparatus, under whatever name or denomination the same mat

New licence to be taken out for any surplus spirits.

No still to be

which the cubical capacity shall

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 102. 497

be called or known, as high as the steam can ascend, and until the exceed 40 or top of the head shall turn downwards, so as to form an angle of he less than forty-five degrees, shall exceed forty, or be less than twenty20 ga ns' galions, on pain of forfeiting one hundred pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every distiller in Scotland Duties to be

shall be charged with, and shall pay the duties by this act re-Paitl fora*1 Spectively imposed for all wort and wash brewed or made, or wftlhout any received by any such distiller, without any allowance for waste, deduction for leakage, dregs, sediment, or bottoms whatever. waste.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every distiller in the low- Distillers in Inds. of Scotland shall be charged with and pay the full duties ^b^diar^ed 1 this act imposed on spirits made or distilled in the lowlands Jutie^ tf Scotland, at and after the rate of sixteen gallons and a half for on spirits, every one hundred gallons of wort or wash made, brewed, or ": etved by any such distiller 5 and every such distiller shall

eve credit and be allowed permits for sixteen gallons and a of spirits, at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer->f, for every one hundred gallons of wort or wash as afore-, brewed, made, or received, and actually distilled into spirits such maker or distiller.

UI. And be it further enacted, That if any distiller in the Distillers in glands of Scotland shall extract, make, distil, or produce any th^ lowlands, gjttntity of spirits exceeding the proportion of sixteen gallons more than a Ml a half for every one hundred gallons of such wort or wash certain quan-|kaforesaid, every such distiller shall pay duty for all such spirits tity of spirits Mgeeding the proportion aforesaid, at and after the rate of two J^nToVwa^h?" fellings for every gallon of such excess, computed at the strength to pay for tc of one to ten over hydrometer-proof, over and above all excess a duty ffther duties on the licence, or worts, wash, or spirits wjiat- oneachgallon. fRever.

&XIV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as When any fcy, distiller in the lowlands of Scotland shall have brewed, fowl and s^hall fedp, or received, ' and distilled into spirits a quantity of worts have brewed iwash sufficient to produce two thousand and twenty-five gal- a quantity of of spirits, of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer- wort sufficient if, for each and every gallon of the full content or capacity ^gallons i still or stills specified or mentioned in the licence granted Of splits of a such distiller or maker of spirits in the said lowlands, con>- certain _ sixteen gallons and a half of such spirits, of the strength strength, the ftesaid, for every one hundred gallons of such worts and wash; to

and in evefy such case, the licence of such distiller shall and determine, and be no longer in force; any thing in or any other acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases whatsoever Where di-

m which any distiller in the lowlands of Scotland i$ Qr shall be

twjqiredby any law or laws of excise now in force, to make oath Required to

fcfr'any account or return whatever, 'such account 'cr return shall make oath to

same time be verified on oath by ihe brewer or chief account

yerifrnan of such distiller, which oaths shall be administered By

n,r..u, ...*same0 be

upervisor of excise; and, if any suchtustiller*

W collector of supervisor

*: yoL. xlvi,

Klv"

4+ 4v

br

verified o* 'wer, oath by the

498 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 102. [1806.

brewer or brewer, or chief workman shall neglect or refuse to make out and chief work- verify such account or return on' oath, he or they shall forfeit, for any such neglect or refusal, the sum of two hundred pbasjfc. Distillers in

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every distiller in (be the highlands highlands of Scotland shall be charged with and pay th& fall vdtMhe^uty ^ut^es by this act imposed on spirits made or distilled ill tig on spirits in 7 highlands of Scotland, at and after the rate of ten gaHons fot every one hundred gallons cf wort or wash so made, brewed* di received by any such distiller, and every such distiller shall b&i credit, and be allowed permits for ten gallons of spirits, at

the manner herein mentioned.

strength of one to ten over hydrometer-proof, for every one hundred

Distillers in the highlands of Scotland

extracting more than

thereon.

The excess of spirits, chargeable with extra rate, how to be reckoned.

gallons of wort or wash as aforesaid, brewed, made, or received, and actually distilled into spirits, by such maker or distiller.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any distiller in the highlands of Scotland shall extract, make, distil, or prodiK any quantity of spirits exceeding the proportion of ten gallons for every one hundred gallons of such wort or wash as aforesaid,

the proper- every such distiller shall pay duty for all such spirits, exceeding lori" of IOints*ie ProPort*on aforesaid, at and after the rate of two shi] to pay duty for every gallon of such excess, computed at the strength of on*' to ten over hydrometer-proof, over and above all other dunes on the licence, or worts, wash, or spirits whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all excess of spirits chargeable by this act at the rate of two shillings per galion, shillj be reckoned upon the full quantity of spirits actually made or distilled, at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer-pu under each and every particular licence, to be balanced at termination of such licence; any thing in this act contained die contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every distiller in tithe highlands highlands of Scotland shall once in every six weeks make out i to ma e out account of the quantity of malted and unmalted vcom or l

used or employed by him or her in the making or brewing^ wort or wash for distillation, within the six weeks imme " preceding, and also the quantity of wort or wash brewed i made, and the quantity of spirits, at the strength of one to 1 over hydrometer-prbof, distilled or extracted within the - period; and every such distiller, and also his chief brew workman, shall make oath to the truth of such account, the proper collector or supervisor of excise, which oathi collector or supervisor is hereby authorised to administers j if any distiller, or his chief brewer or workman, shall neglect! refuse to make oath as aforesaid, he shall for every such < - forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any distiller in I

Distillers in

an account of the quantity of malt and grain used, and of spirits distilled.

Distillers in

the highlands landy or the brewer or chief workman of such distiller,

or brewer or chief workman making false entries on oath, shall forfeit aoo/.

make or give in a false or untrue entry or return on oath of quantity of malt and unmalted grain used by him or her, iv! making or brewing, of wort or wash for distillation, or oH quantity of wort or wash brewed or made, or of the < spirits, computed at the strength of one to ten over I

499

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 102.

proof, distilled or extracted by him or her, such distiller, and ais or her brewer or chief workman, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That within six weeks after Duties to be

wuh accounts on oath as aforesaid have or ought to have been'*

lettered, every such distiller in the highlands of Scotland shall after deli verity down the duty for all such wort, wash, and spirits so brewed, ing such ac. amt, cr distilled as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting, for every count. Xjgject or refusal so to do, double the amount of the said duties.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every distiller of spirits Distillers of be the consumption of Scotland shall, before he begins to use spirits jive my batch, square tun, or other vessel or utensil for fermenting winning to^ ivort or wash for the purpose of distillation, give notice thereof work.

a writing to the proper officer of excise, and shall permit such officer to gauge and ascertain the true content thereof; and rrriry such distiller shall moreover mark with a legible mark the mmoer of each and every vessel or utensil used by him for fer-mating wort or wash, beginning with number one, and so on*Iflogressively; and if any distiller shall make use of any such teasel or utensil for fermenting wort or wash, before giving such totke thereof in writing as aforesaid, or before the proper officer ball have gauged the same, or before the same shall be so num-tetwd as aforesaid, every such distiller so offending shall, for teefy such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every distiller of Distiller, as yirits for consumption in Scotland\ shall, as soon as the wort or^le*C vosh shall be let down into any vessel or utensil used for fer- down into any tenting the same, and the wort or wash shall be prepared or set vessel for fer. or fermentation, make out a declaration thereof in writing, mentation, pecifying the number or numbers of the vessel or utensil in duration a thick such wort or wash shall be so prepared or set for fer- thereof, spe-O^fttation, and the exact dry or wet inches of the vessel or cifying the ttensil in which such wort or wash shall be so set or prepared; number of the Ud shall deliver such declaration to the first officer or officers of

arise who shall visit the distillery for the purpose of surveying officer of cx_ ke same, after the wort or wash shall be so set for fermentation rise.

I aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting, for every neglect or refusal to N6 officer of Idiver sucl| declaration, the sum of fifty pounds. 0Kcisetunder

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful 6uPr"

or for any officer or officers of excise, under the rank of riding super-Kperviaor, or riding supervisor, to take a sample of any wort or visor, to take rash brewed, made, or received by any distiller in the lowlands*sample of

f Scotland, until the expiration of sixty hours after the same shall has^ ave been prepared or set for fermentation. been

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if upon taking an fermentation ccount of, or ascertaining the weight or gravity of the wort or sixty hours, rash hi any particular batch, vessel, or utensil, used for fer- If.on ascer-fceftting wort or wash, by an instrument called a saccharometer, ^ftyof t shall appear that the wort or wash therein shall have increased the WOTt by*weight or gravity since the last preceding trial of the same, with a saccha-beYam# Instrument) to the extent of five degrees, as indicated

K K 2

shall be founds on to have in-

creased in weight, and extra duty shall be charged.

Commissioners of excise to provide saccharome-ters.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. iot. [ifcb6.

on that instrument, the wort or wash in any and every such vessel or utensil shall be deemed and taken to have been fraudulently altered or changed; and the whole quantity of wort and wash in any and every such vessel or utensil shall be charged with duty at and after the rate of one shilling Mr galion, over and above any other duty that may be chargeact % or may have been charged on any wort or wash in the sue vessel or utensil; and the sum so charged shall be payable and paid at the times and in the manner that the other duties bythi act imposed, are required to be paid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and a0 be lawful to and for the commissioners of excise in ScotUaj with the approbation of the lords of of his Majest/t treasury, to provide a proper saccharometer to be used by w officers of excise, under the authority of this act, for ascertaining the weight or gravity of worts or wash to be employed s the distillation of spirits.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any distiller a Scotland shall by any art or contrivance whatever make an] alteration in any still, still-head, or other apparatus in any waj

5.vMv. connected with such still, by whatever name or denominate quantity than such apparatus may be calied, whereby such still, including thf inserted in head and other apparatus as aforesaid, shall be made to cootak excise-books. a quantity than shall have been ascertained and insert

in the licence granted to such distillers, and in the books of da excise-officers, as the true content of such still, including head and other apparatus as aforesaid; then and in every sud case, every person so offending shall, for every such ofence forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

What grain

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no min, or othti shall be used, commodity or material whatever, shall be employed or u for or in the making or brewing worts or wash for distilling

Penalty on distillers altering stills so as to hold a greater

extracting spirits in the highlands of Scotland, save and exc oats or barley, or-beer or bigg, of the growth of the said hij - lands of Scotland, or malt made therefrom; and if any disci in the highlands of Scotland, or the brewer or workman of; such distiller, shall employ or use for or in the making brewing of worts or wash for distilling or extracting spirits the highlands of Scotland, any grain, or other commodity material, save and except oats or barley, or beer or bigg ot growth of the said highlands of Scotland exclusively, ora made therefrom, he, she, or they shall for every such offia forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

Distiller send*

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any distflk ing out spirits spirits for the consumption of Scotland shall send out

mit^shaiU Sew" quantity of spirits without sending therewith a true and In

Ik.

ides all other permit, or shall knowingly suffer any spirits to be sent on penalties lose, his stock without a true and lawful permit to accompany tislicence, same, every such distiller, being convicted thereof in due* made in^hc ^aw Anils' over'.and above all other penalties and forftiti till-house whatever, forfeit and lose the benefit pfJu/L licence j pd

fipi

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 102. ^oi

hits made or distilled by any such person, or by any other for a year Aon whatever, in the still-house or premises used Dy any a?tefthe Jj-3k person, within one year after such conviction, shall be beseemed to Wed and taken to be fraudulently made without licence or be made jjrr and the person or persons making the same, shall be without li-e and subject to the penalties and forfeitures incurred by cence

ns making or distilling spirits without licence or entry.

And be it further enacted, That if any distiller of or Distillers not _ in spirits or other person in Scotland, entered or not r?ceive ered, shall sell or send out, or shall knowingly suffer to be British spirits t out of his or her stock, custody, or possession, or shall without per-^ve, or knowingly suffer to be received into his or her stock, mit for tody, or possession, or suffer any other person^for his or her or account, to receive at one time any foreign or British carrying the its exceeding the quantity of two galions, without the same same, ig accompanied with a true and lawful permit; or if any rier, boatman, or other person in Scotland, shall knowingly ry, remove, or transport, or by means of his horse, cart,

*el, boat, or other conveyance, shall knowingly suffer to be

led, removed, or transported, or shall be aiding or assisting

arrying, removing, or transporting from any part of Scotland

another part thereof, any foreign or British spirits, at one

p, exceeding the quantity of two galions, without being

impanied with a true and lawful permit, every such distiller,

ter, carrier, boatman, or other person whatsoever, shall for

1 and every offence, forfeit and lose the sum'df two hundred

ends, over and above every penalty and forfeiture to which he

he is or may be liable in or by virtue of this or of any other

or acts of parliament now in force, or which may be in force '

he time of passing this act.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That when any suit or When suits bn shall be commenced, or information filed or exhibited are com-inst any person receiving such foreign or British spirits, -ccompanied with a true and lawful permit, for the recovery ^ven of any penalty or forfeiture in such case by this act imposed, the permit shall be sufficient for the defendant or Defendants to prove having been t a lawful permit to accompany the removal of such spirits, btained. i duly obtained by the party selling or sending out the same, k that there had oeen a corresponding decrease in the stock die seller or sender out thereof, to answer the quantity of h spirits so sert out and removed, and upon such proof lg made, such spirits shall be adjudged to have been legally jived, and according to the true intent and meaning of this; and provided always, that where the person receiving h spirits (he or she not being an entered distiller of or dealer spirits) shall, within ten days from the receipt thereof, send deliver to the nearest officer of excise, the permit which rally accompanied the same, every such private person so venng the permit as aforesaid, shall be held and deemed to e coibplied with the provisions o( this act, in respect to the siring of such spirits.

<02. Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 102. [1806.

For seizing

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if on taking and excess spirits, casting the stock of any distiller or maker of spirits in SatlarJ, at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer-proof, any officer of excise shall find the quantity of spirits contained in such.stock to exceed the quantity in such stock at the time of taking

the] last preceding account thereof by any officer or officers of excise, added to the quantity of spirits since charged by in? such officer or officers, and also the quantity of spirits received by or with any legal permit or permits, and after making the proper deduction or allowance for the quantity of spirits fer which permits shall have been since granted to such distiller or maker; then and in every such case, such excess shall be deemed and taken to have been fraudulently made, and shall be forfeited and lost, and a quantity equal to the quantity so found in excess, shall and may be seized and taken by any officer of excise from and out of any part of such stock, and the person or persons in whose stock such excess shall be found, shall also forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXXIII. And whereas persons who are immediately concerned n the making of spirits privately, or are connected with others employ: ! in such unlawful practices, frequently escape punishment, either sm account of their poverty, or because no direct proof can be addued that tfuy were actually employed or connected with others in sink private distillation, although it may be evident that such privsU distillation could not be carried on without their knowledge and consent; for remedy whereof be it enacted, That in every case where sufficient proof shall not be adduced to convict the party.of having bgen actually employed or concerned in such privatj distfUmes*L distillation, it shall be lawful to offer proof, and for the court shall be car- before whom the case shall be heard to receive proof, that the ried on. private distillery wras carried on in some part of the house, out-houses, yards, gardens, or premises belonging to or in the occupation of the party accused, and that from the situation of the place, or other circumstances, such private distillation w.l, or must have been carried on writh the knowledge and privir. of the party accused, and in such case to fine the party in any sum not exceeding one hundred pounds, nor less than twenn pounds; and in case the fine be not immediately paid, to commit the party to the jail or prison of the county, for any time not exceeding six months, unless the fine be sooner paid.

XXXIV. And whereas when the officers of excise have discovered private or unlawful distilleries, it has often been found impassible or difficult to remove the spirits, materials, and utensils to a place of For removing safety; for remedy whereof be it enacted, That when any spirits from officer or officers of excise shall find or discover any unlawful

erie$te distillery in any part of Scotland, it shall and may be lawful

to and for such officer or officers, at his or their discretion:, immediately upon the discovery of such private or unlawful distillery, and the seizure of any spirits or materials, implements or utensils for distillation, effectually to spill, break up, and destroy the same; any tiling in this, or any other

Punishing persons in whose pre-

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 102. 503

or |Ct8 of parliament in anywise to the contrary notwith-iing.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may Enabling of-lawful to and for any officer or officers of his Majesty's ficers to seize pms, and he and they are hereby authorised and required pnvateand catch for private and unlawful distilleries in any part of utensils.*W, and to seize all private and unlawful stills, implements,

tsils, and materials ter unlawful distillation, together with pints which any such officer or officers shall discover to been unlawfully distilled or made, in like manner as any er or officers of excise is or are authorised or empowered to y any law or laws made or to be made; and such officer or ers of the customs shall be entitled to the like rewards as jy law given to the officers of excise in such cases.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no malt shall be No malt to be >ved, carried, or conveyed from any one place in the high- reved

s of Scotland to any other place in the said highlands, or^lit#ou i any place without the said highlands to any. place within s*id highlands, unless accompanied with a true and lawful lit (according to such form as shall be provided by the missioners of excise) from the proper officer of excise, on of forfeiting all such malt as shall be removed* carried, oaveyed without such permit, together with the package WUQg the same, and also the horses, cattle* carts, waggons, other carriages, or boats or vessels employed in removing, sing, and conveying the same $ and the same may rad shall iized by any officer or officers of customs or excise.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every maker of Dealers in ealef in malt shall, upon his requestmote in writing to the en^!^ $r officer of excise of the division within which such maker 0 a ^ermi*r dealer in malt shall reside, be entitled to a permit to

rnpany any malt intended to be removedprovided always, such request-note shall specify the name aJtd place of abode he person from and the person to whom the malt is to be, and also the name and place of abode of the person by ni the malt was made, and the quantity of the malt to be nred, and by. what conveyance.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Duration of er of excise, who shall grant or issue any permit for the Pemut-

rral of any malt, shall specify therein the tune for which permit shall be m force, allowing a reasonable time for removal thereof, according to the distance and mode of

trance.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all such permits be delivered up to the proper officer of excise of the ion within which the person shall reside to whom the malt 1 be delivered, within ten days from the date thereof, on of forfeiting, for every neglect, or refusal to deliver up t permit, the sum of forty shillings.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall forge ttuafterfeit any permit for the removal of malt, or fraudulently

Permits to be delivered up to the officer of the division in which the person to whom the'malt was sent, resides. Punishing persons torg-

permits.

Spirits seized in any island in the highlands to be sold in the island, or seized in the

504 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. <r. 10a, [1806.

ing or altering dulently alter or erase any such permit, after the same shall hare been granted by the proper officer of excise, every person so offending shall, fot each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds; ', vi?

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all British" seized in any island within the highlands of Scotland dull, after ! condemnation^ be sold in the island in which the same shaflj have been seized, for the consumption of such island only, 1 that all British spirits seized on the hiainland in thd said " hi hi ndsto ^anc^8 of Scotland shall, after condemnation, be sold forbe sold there, consumption of the highlands of Scotland only, and shall notl allowed or permitted to be removed or carried to any pla within die lowlands of Scotland, an pain of being again forfeited, ! together with the casks and vessels containing the same, and alst ] the horses, cattlej carts, waggons', ot other carriages, or boats or I vessels used or employed in removing' the same; and the shall and ra^y be seized by any officer or officers of excise.ik XL 11. And whereas by an act passed in the forty-fifth year i reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for better regulator j the distilling of spirits in England for exportation to Scadam, and in- Scotland for exportation to England, for the better securing the duties payable thereon, and for altering the time of making, entry and granting licences to distil spirits for Scotted, certain regulations are made with respect to the distances between tk houses, or places entered /Vi.England and in Scotland, for nuioig or distilling of spirits for exportation from any one of the saidputt of the United Kingdom to the Other of them': and whereas the distances prescribed by the said act may be found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted, That no person in the lowland# of Scotland shall make or distil, nor shall any distiller in the said lowlands keep any spirits for the consumption of Scotland, or for exportation to England, or to foreign parts, in any house, or place entered of not entered, within the distance of two hundred yards, measured in a straight line from' any house or place which shall then be, or within one year immediately preceding shall have been entered or used by any distiller for making, distilling, or keef j ing spirits for any purpose whatsoever, on pain of forfeitinf the sum of two hundred pounds j any thing in this or m inrJ other act* or acts of parliament, to the contrary in an] notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That- if any persona whatsoever shall molest, hinder, disturb, oppose, or impede any officer or officers in the due execution of the powettj and authorities by this act granted, or any or either of d every person so offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of hundred pounds. mu.,*

Recovery and XLIV, And be it further enacted, That all fines, l penalties011'forfeitures imposed by this act, shall be sued for, n 1*levied, or mitigated by such ways, means, and methods, as fine", peiialty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, lei or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt,

Altering the distances

E rescribed y law to be between distilleries working for exportation.

Penalty on^obstructing - officers.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 102. 505

ill, plaint, or information, in the court of exchequer in Scotland; nd that one moifcty of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, haHbeto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other iciety to him or them who shaft inform, discover, or sue for be same.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act Act not to obtained shall extend, or be deemed or construed 0 extend, to epeal or alter any act or acts of parliament in force immediately unicss whe lefore the passing of this act, relating to making or distilling their pro-pints in Scotland, or any of the clauses or provisoes therein, visions are save and except the duties respectively by this act expressly ^8uf^nt to epealed, and save and except so far as any such act or acts, or he clauses, provisions, powers, of authorities {herein contained it granted are repealed, revoked, altered, or contracted by this resent act, or repugnant to any of the provisions herein conamed,) but that all and singular the said former acts, and the several provisions* rules, regulations, powers, and authorities therein contained or granted, and the pains, penalties, and forfeitures incurred, or thereby imposed or provided for any breach or non-observance of the same, except as aforesaid, -shall hemain and continue in as full force and effect as if this act had not been made; any thing herein to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising For carrying from the duties by this act imposed, (save and except the monies arising by the duties act described, inserted, and set forth in the consolidated schedule hereunto annexed, marked (B), and save and except the fund, and for Necessary charge of raising and accounting for the said duties) applying the shall from rime to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's same* exchequer at Westminster^ and shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund of Great Britain: and that at the end of every quarter of a year after the tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and six, that is to sy, on the fifth day of tJanuary, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October in every year, there shall be set apart at the said receipt, out of the monies arising by the duties by this act imposed as described, inserted* and set forth in the schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A), a sum of seventy-seven thousand five hundred and twenty pounds and fifteen shillings, being one-fourth part of the sum of three hundred and ten thousand and eighty-three pounds, the average yearly produce of three years ending the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and six, of the duties imposed by an act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his present Majesty* intituled An act for repealing the duties of excise on distilleries in Scotland, and on the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other*duties in lieu thtrCcf and for altering, amending, and continuing certain acts of parliament fir the regulation of distilleries in N Scotland, and by the said act of the forty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, which are repealed*and that after

Directing accounts to be kept and annually laid before parliament*

506 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 102. [1806.

setting apart such quarterly sums as aforesaid, the remainder or the monies arising by the' duties by this act granted as described, inserted, and set forth in the said schedule marked (A), shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan made, or stock created, or to be created by virtue of any act or acts passed or to be passed in this session of parliament; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of Exchequer a book or books, in which all the monies arising from such remainder, and which shall be paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate ad apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatever.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That th of of his Majesty's treasury now or for the tini-being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high-treasury for the time being, shall, for the period of ten years from the commencement of this act, cause a separate and distinct account of the monies arising by the said last mentioned duties, after t setting apart such Quarterly sums as aforesaid, to be prepared, and annually laid before parliament pursuant to an act passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for directing certain publick accounts to be laU annually before parliament, and for discontinuing certain ether f: r, of account no % u in use.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the duties by tL* schedule (B)act imPose(*> as described, inserted, and set forth in the schedule to be con-'hereunto annexed, marked (B), shall be continued until twelv. tinued for a months after the ratification of the definitive treaty of peace, limited time, and (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the Into the Ex^ same excePtcc0 shall from time to time be paid into the receipt chequer, and ^is Majesty's exchequer, distinctly and apart from all othei branches of the publick revenues, and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of Exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatever; and the said monies so paid intc the said receipt shall, from time to time as the same shall be paid into the said receipt, be issued and applied to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present session of parliament, for the service of the year one thousand eight huu.dred and six, or shall be voted by the said commons for thr service of any subsequent year; and the of of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three oi more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are an*! is hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the saraf accordingly.

-TnTiTrnTffi ai DVi niPwWP

Duties described in

a separate account to be kept thereof.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 102. SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

PERMANENT DUTIES.

DUTY.

OR every galion, wine-measure, of all worts or * s. d. wash brewed or made for extracting spirits in the lowlands of Scotland, for consumption in Scotland, from any malt, corn, grain, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other worts, wash, or liquor made or brewed from any sort of British materials, or any mixture therewith, or from foreign refused wines or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, or any mixture therewith - 0 0 3J

or every galion, English wine-measure, of all worts or wash brewed or made for extracting spirits in the highlands of Scotland, for consumption in the said highlands of Scotland only, from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts -.- 0 0 J

or every galion, English wine-measure, of spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer- ,

jjroof, and so in proportion for any higher or:

ower degree of strength, which shall be made or distilled in the lowlands of Scotland, for consumption in Scotland, not exceeding the number of gallons of spirits limited and restricted to be distilled by or from each still, to be paid over and above the duty on the licence or content of the still, and the duty onriie worts or wash from which such spirits may be made or distilled*0 0 6

or every galion, Englisn wine-measure, of spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer-proof, apd so in proportion for any higher or lower degree of strength, which shall be made or distilled in the highlands of Scotland, for consumption in the said highlands of Scotland only, not exceeding the number of gallons of spirits limited and restricted to be distilled by or from each still, to be paid over and above the duty on the licence or content of the still, and the duty on the worts or wash from which such spirits may be made or distilled - 0 0 4

For every galion, English wine-measure, of the ubical content or capacity of each and every still,

eluding the head and every part thereof, and of any tom, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith con* tested; under whatever name or denomination

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 102. [1806.

Schedule (A,)  permanent duties. duty.

same may be called or known, as high as the steam . s. L can ascend^ and until the top of the head shall turn downwards and form an angle of forty-five degrees, which shall be used or employed, for any or either of the purposes herein after mentioned, a licence-duty to be paid; (that is to say),

For the making or distilling of low wines or spirits in the low-lands of Scotland, for consumption in Scotland, from com, grain, malt, tilts, cyder or perry, or other wash or liquor made or brewed from any sort of British materials, or any mixture therewith - 108 0 0

For the making or distilling of low wines or spirits for consumption, in Scotland, from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith - 670 0 0

For the making or distilling of low wines or spirits for consumption in Scotland, from foreign refused wines or fdreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, except mehtsses or sugar, or any mixture therewith - 760 0 0

For the making or distilling of low wines or spirits in the highlands of Scotland, for consumption of the said highlands of Scotland only, from com, grain, malt, or tilts - 6 19 4

For the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of spirits or strong waters, in any part or place in Scotland - 108 0 0

SCHEDULE (B.)

DUTIES to continue until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace.

DUTY.

For every galion, English wine-measure, of all . s. i* worts or wash, brewed or made for extracting, spirits in the lowlands of Scotland, for consumption in Scotland, from any malt, com, grain, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other worts, wash, or liquor made or brewed from any sort of British materials, or any mixture therewith, or from foreign refused wines, or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, or any mixture therewith - 0 0 If

For every galion, English wine-measure, of all worts or wash brewed or made for extracting spirits in the highlands of Scotland, for consumption in the said highlands of Scotland only, from any malt, com, grain, tilts, cyder, or

I

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 102.

DUTY.

perry, or other worts, wash, or liquor made or , /. d,

brewed from any sort of British materials, or any mixture therewith - -.0 0 0*

For every galion, English wine-measure, of spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer-proof, and so in proportion for any higher or lower degree of strength, which shall be made or distilled in the lowlands of Scotland, not exceeding the number of gallons of spirits limited and restricted to be distilled by or from each still, to be paid over and above the duty on the licence for or content of the still; and the duty on the worts or wash from which such spirits may be made or distilled - 004

For every galion, English wine-measure, of spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer-, proof, and so in proportion for any higher or lower degree of strength, which shall be made or distilled in the highlands of Scotland, for consumption in the said highlands of Scotland only, not exceeding the number of gallons of spirits limited and restricted to be distilled by or from each still, to lie paid over and above the duty on the licence for or content of the still, and the duty on the worts or wash from which such spirits may be made or distilled - 0 0

For every galion, English wine-measure, of the cubical content or capacity of each and every still, including the head and every part thereof, and of any nom, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the steam can ascend, and until the top of the head shall turn downwards, and form an angle of forty-five degrees, which shall be used or employed for any or either of the purposes herein after, mentioned, a licence-duty to be paid, (that is to say);

For the making or distilling of low wines or spirits in the lowlands of Scotland, for consumption in Scotland, from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, and perry, or other wash or liquor made or brewed from any sort of British materials, or any mixture therewith - 54 00

For the making or distilling of low wines or spirits for consumption in Scotland, from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, in any part or

For the making or distilling of low wines or spirits

place in Scotland

- S35 0 0

lo Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 103.

[1I06.

DUTY.

for consumption in Scotland, from foreign re- . /. 4. fused wines, or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, except melasses and sugar, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland - 380 0 0

For the making or distilling of low-wines or spirits x in the highlands of Scotland, for consumption of the said highlands of Scotland, from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other wash or liquor made or brewed from any sort of British materials, or any mixture therewith - 3 6 3

For the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of spirits or strong waters, in any part or place in Scotland - 54 0 9

CAP. CIII.

An act for allowing, until the first day of August one thousand dgk hundred and seven, the importation of certain fish from Newfoundland, and the coast of Labrador, and for granting a bounty thereon.

[July 16, 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to permit the importation ef sated and pickled salmon, and salted dry cod-fish from the island Newfoundland and the coast of Labrador, into the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and to allow on such importation a bounty on every quintal or hundred-weight of such fish so imported; be it therefore enacted, by the King's most excellent ma&sty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, Pickled sal- and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful to import from the island be import ed^ Newfoundland) or the coast of Labrador, into the said United from New- Kingdom, any salted or pickled salmon, or salted dry cod-fish, fbundland, or having been taken and cured at the said places, or eider of J^bradorf by British subjects, any law, custom, or usage to the

bto theUnit-conttar7 notwithstanding.

pd Kingdom.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the importation of A bounty of such fish into the said United Kingdom, there shall be paid and $j. for every allowed to the importer or proprietor thereof, a bounty of three quintal or shillings for every quintal or hundred-weight of such fish, and fish to bepaidson ProPortil> for any greater or less quantity j which bounty to the im- shall be paid and allowed upon the following conditions! that is

porter, on to say, upon the master and mate of every ship or vessel in which such fish shall be imported, making oath at the port of JiUonsheSnmPortat^on before the collector or other principal officer of the mentioned, customs in Great Britain, or of the revenue in Ireland, thatlB the said fish imported in the said ship or vessel, was taken am! cured by his Majesty's subjects carrying on die fishery at the island of Newfoundland\ or on die coast of Labrador, as the a*e

may

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 103. 511

lay be, and upon such fish being duly entered and regularly tnded in the presence of the proper officer or officers appointed or that purpose.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That salted Such salted od-fish and salmon which shall have been imported under the cod and uthority of this act, and on which the bounty above mentioned ported* ball have been paid as aforesaid, may nevertheless be exported without re-rithout being subject to the repayment of the said bounty, any payment of bing in this act, or any other law or statute to the contrary bounty, hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such bounty shall be Bounty to be nder the management of the respective of of the under the ustoms in England and Scotland, in Great Britain, and the ^tiwcoin^ ommissioners of the revenue in Ireland respectively, and shall missioners of e paid by the said collector, or other principal officer, before customs, &c. rhom such oath is directed to be taken as aforesaid, out of any

and under the management of the said of respectively: provided always, that before any bounty shall be laid upon any such fish as aforesaid, the same shall be examined iy two indifferent and disinterested persons, experienced in the Eature of such fish, appointed for that purpose", at the port of mportadon, with the approbation of the said of respectively$ which persons so appointed, together with the nroper officer or officers who shall attend the examination of he said fish, shall declare upon their corporal oaths, to be idministered by the collector or other principal officer at die rt of importation, whether the said fish, or any part thereof, s or is not merchantablej and in case any such fish, or any part hereof, shall not be merchantable, no bounty shall be allowed nr paid on the importation thereof.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Duties on, his act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed toJ^J* extend, to vary, alter, or repeal any act or acts of parliament* aected* made for the security of the duties upon salt, but that every act or acts of parliament relating to such duties, shall remain in force n like manner to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been made.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That tio bounty Bounty to be shall be paid or allowed on the importation of any such fish, accor* or or upon any greater quantity or weight thereof than is orj^omam" hall be contained and expressed in the manifest required by

aw, upon the importation thereof into any port of the United kingdom.

VII. And whereas it is expedient that the bounty hereby granted to he importers and proprietors of fish landed in the United Kingdom \kotdd be emended to fish landed in the islands of Guernsey and Jersey, be it therefore enacted, That upon the importation of the A like bounty like sort of fish into the islands of Guernsey and Jersey respectively, of y. for from the island of Newfoundland and the coast of Labrador, there shall be paid and allowed to the importer or proprietor thereof the^to like bounty of three shillings for every quintal or hundredweight be paid on the

of impor

herein mentioned being complied

with.

5tA Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. C.jjqj.

thereof into of such fish, and so in proportion for any greater or legs qwnfiqi ^sc^on the bounty sba^ be Pa* upon the following conditions; tint

regulations*s to ^Y* upon the master and mate of every ship or vessel it yrhich such fish shall be imported, making oath at die port or place of importation before the proper officer of the custom* ther?, (which oath he is hereby authorised to administer) that at the said fish imported in the said ship or vessel was cured by Us Majesty's subjects, carrying on the fishery at Newfoundland ant' the coast of Labrador, as the case may be, and has not since been landed in any port or place in Great Britain or Ireland, soft the purpose of receiving the bounty payable by this act upon such fish when imported into Great Britain or Ireland spectively, and also upon such fish being examined by indifferent and disinterested persons residing in the said i respectively, experienced in the nature of such fish, appot for that purpose by the Commissioners of his Majesty's custor for the time being in England, which persons so appointed s" declare upon their corporal oaths, to be administered by \ proper officer as aforesaid, whether the said fish, or any p: thereof, is or is not merchantable; and in case any such fish* any part thereof, shall, upon such declaration, appear not to merchantable, no bounty shall be allowed or paid on the impqg tatioit thereof.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That sahi cod-fish and salmon, upon which the bounty above mention^ shall have been paid as aforesaid, may nevertheless be exported without being subject to the repayment of the said bounty; any thing in this or in any other act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such bounty under the management of the commissioners of the customs id England, and shall be paid out of any duties of customs under the management of the said of, upon a certificate

Such salted cod and salmon may be exported, without repayment of bounty;

Such bounty to be under the management of the commissioners of customs under the hand and seal of such, proper officer as aforesaid, that

of England,

oath had been made before him, that all the said fish had bees taken and cured by his Majesty's subjects carrying on the said fishery at Newfoundland, or the coast of Labrador, as the case may be, mentioning the name of the ship, and the time when the said fish was imported, together with the came of the importers or proprietors thereof, and also that oath had been made before him, that such fish was merchantable, and appears to such officer to be duly entitled to the bounty granted by Ail act; and further, that the quantity or weight thereof does not exceed the quantity or weight contained and expressed in At manifest of the ship or vessel in which such fish was imported into the said islands respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any persons shal, in any manner whatever, fraudulently obtniiT any uj<*

the importation of such fish, or shall ^nter any such fisK'fof Ac

bdbntyvtofor* purpose of obtaining any bounty thereon, contrary to thetfoe feit xoo/. intent and meaning of this act, then and in every such case, tte

Penalty on persons fraudulently obtaining the

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 104.

person or persons so offending, shall, for each and every such forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.*

And be it further enacted, That the said bounty upon the Bounty to be tion of such fish shall be paid and allowed in such and paid as other like manner, and under such and the like conditions, rules, illations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as any bounties idle importation of the produce of the British fisheries may, t'any act or acts of parliament now in force, be paid and ed, so far as the same are applicable thereto, and the clauses, powers, and directions, therein contained, shall, are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be tively applied, practised, and put in execution, for or in t of the bounty hereby allowed, as far as the same are cable thereto, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents; purposes whatever, as if all and every the said clauses, pro-s, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, were cularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present

And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue Act tocon-ce until the first day of August one thousand eight hun- tinue in force [ and seven.*11 Aug. 1,

1807.

CAP. CIV.

An act for continuing, until the first day of August one thousand SgAf hundred and seven* an act of the last session of parliament, for SBewing, under certain restrictions, the bringing a limited quantity wficools, culmy or cinders to London and Westminster, by inland \*fvigation.

[July 16, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the forty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for allowing under 45 G. 3*c*ia8: i restrictions, until the first day of August one thousand: hundred and six, the bringing a limited quantity of coals, ftt, or cinders to London and Westminster, by inland navigation:

Xtt whereas it is expedient that the said act should be continued; may efore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be acted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the ce and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-s, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority Fie $ame, That the said act shall be and is hereby continued, Recited act & the expiration thereof^ until the first day of August one [>ttsand eight hundred and seven, and no longer. jg1^13*

And be it further enacted, That no greater quantity of greater il, culm, or cinders than fifty thousand tons in the whole shall quantity of ibeought within one year, from the first day of August one thou- cd>&c-"3 eight hundred and six, by means of the Grand 'Junction and Mngton canals, nearer to London than the stone or post erected be brought hirsuance of the said act, at or near the north-east point of within one*Pari in the county of Hertford.*

Joh. XLVI. L L in And Londott

514 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. t. tb$, t

than th^ post

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall be nise^ Growl^k and collected, on all coals, culm, or cinders brought along

I>ut to be*Grand Junction or Paddington canals, nearer to London thir.

paid on coals, sa^ stone or post, the several and respective rates and dntio

to brought, of Customs following, (that is to say), the sum of seven shillinp and sixpence for and upon each and every ton of coals, culm, or cinders so brought; and an additional duty of twelve pounds ter shillings on every one hundred pounds of such first amount of duty; and also a further additional duty of twelve pounds to shillings on every one hundred pounds of such first amoucr of duty $ and also a further additional duty of two pounds ten shillings on such first amount of duty as aforesaid; and also; further additional duty of eight pounds six shillings and eight-pence on every one hundred pounds of such first amount of duty as aforesaid, amounting in the whole to the sum of ten shSTmp and two-pence farthing, for and upon every ton of such coals culm, or cinders \ and there shall be raised, levied, and collects for every ton of such coals, culm, or cinders, a further duty d one shilling and three-pence; which last mentioned duty shalli at the end of every quarter, be paid to any person or persons tt be appointed by the lord-mayor, aldermen, and commons of m city of London to receive the same, or if no such person shall i* appointed, into the chamber of the city of London, as and for ant in lieu of the duty called Orphans' Duty: and all other nfce.v dues, and duties which are payable to the corporation of Lon&r upon coal-s, culm, or cinders imported into the port of London and all such several and respective duties shall be demandabfc and demanded, and shall be payable and paid to the proper office to be appointed by the commissioners of the customs in Enelm to receive the same, according to the full quantity and weight coals; such weight and quantity as aforesaid to be ascertained s such manner as the said of of customs shall direct, it case it shall appear necessary to the said of to dim the ascertaining the same in any other or different manner thar is now used or authorised or required by any act or acts in re lation to any coals carried coastwise or brought into the port 0 London.

1

CAP. CV.

An act to vest certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, i trustees, for better securing his Majesty's docks, ships, store*, 1

Portsmouth $ and for extending the lines and works at Dover.  fjd 16, 1806.]

CAP. CVI.

An act to provide for the better execution of the severed aHsrdathm the revenues, matters, and things under the managementf*he nM missioners of customs and port-duliest and of the commushdkr'y inland excise and taxes in Ireland.

[July 16, 1806.]

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. xo$.

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the more effectual execution of the several acts in force in Ireland relating to the ^ral revenues, matters, and things under the management of the '

Zptisioners of customs and vort-duties, and of the commissioners of wed excise and taxes in Ireland: be it therefore enacted by thf y'a mo$t excellent majesty, by and with the advice and HCOt of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this parliament assembled, and j>y the authority of the same, and every the powers, authorities, rules, regulations. Rental of |U|aes, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things whatsoever, Irish acts, felined in two acts made in the parliament of Irelands Car. a.

ftp fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his /ate mff Ripg Charles the Second, the one intituled An act for the l$ jQg of the excise or new impost upon his Majesty, his heirs and Custom-act. oesors3 according to the book of rates therein inserted; and the Powers of re* BT. intituled An act for settling the subsidie of poundage, and tendedt o all* tting a subsidie of funnage, and other sums of money, unto his act3 in force |f Majestic, his heirs and successors, the samf to be paid upon in Ireland, giandixes imported and exported into or out of the kingdom relating to Inland, according to a book of rates hereunto annexed, shall i^di^tion^ipptively extend and be construed to extend to, and shall beJ0f commis_

5ed and made use of in the execution of any act or acts in uoners of t in Ireland, relating to any of the revenues, matters, and customs and fgp whatsoever under the management of the said commis-fra of customs and port-duties, or under the management of && acdotding of of inland excise and taxes, or either of to the powett in the exercise of the commissions of the said commis- fs, and in the management of all and every the several tap and things by law put under their management and4$ G.j. c. 5*. pr*ance, so far as the said recited acts are applicable or can

ptplied to such matters and things respectively, as fully and dually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said recited acts, tihe several powers, authorities, rules, regulations, penalties, ritures, clauses, matters, and things whatsoever therein con-were repeated and re-enacted in this act, and were led to the execution of all the said acts, matters, and things actively; and according to the powers which are or may bed in the said of of customs and port-duties, or e s^id of of inland excise and taxes respectively, sr or by virtue or in pursuance of an act passed in the ent session of parliament, intituled An act for establishing tit regulations in the adlection and management f his Majesty's uses ef customs, excise, and taxes, in Ireland, except only, 90. far ich <pbwer$, authorities, rules, regulations, penalties, forfei- 4

clauses, matters, and things, are expressly altered or re-jd. by the said last recited act or this act, or by any act or Suiorce in Ireland, relating to the said revenues of ci*s-excise, and taxes, or either of them.

And be it further enacted, That all and every the collec- Officers mayclerks, searchers, waiters, messengers, and all other officers

ll2*by^:, whatsoever p

5x6

of, with approbation of lord-lieutenant*

Salary or poundage of of and sub-commissioners shall be allowed by lord-iieute-

By whom path may be administered to of;

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. [1806.

whatsoever in the customs or excise respectively, or concerned or engaged in or about the revenues, matters, and things under the management of the said of of customs and port-deties, or under the management of the said of of inland excise and taxes respectively, or either of them, shall be appointed; and all appointments of the said officers shall be made by the uid of of customs and port-duties, or by the said of of inland excise and taxes respectively, under thar hands and seals, with the approbation of the lord-lieutenant <s other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time beia&j and the said of respectively, with the approbation the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ji> land for the time being, shall have full power to displace the slid officers, or any of them, from time to time, and to place othefl in their room, and to allow them and every of them such seven yearly wages, to be paid them quarterly, and other incide&n rewards for their pains and services, as they shall think fit, sud wages and rewards to be paid out of the revenues under th management of the said of respectively; and sue officers respectively shall have the same powers and authority and be subject to the same forfeitures, penalties, suspension removals, and regulations, in all respects as is or are provided b the said recited acts, or by any other act or acts in force in Irdsm relating to such officers respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That the of an subordinate of, or sub-commissioners, and collects'of the revenues under the management of the said commissions

of customs and port-duties, and of the said of < inland excise and taxes respectively, shall have, for their sever pains in and about the business under their care and mansfi ment respectively, such reasonable sums of money allowed then by way of poundage or otherwise, as the lord-lieutenant or cd) chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, sh: think lit..#

IV. And whereas of of customs and excise arey as f law now stands y to take the oaths of office y and he sworn info rf; office before the lord chief baron, or in his absence, before the chancel of the court of exchequer in, Ireland, or one of the barons them which has frequently, on account of their absence, proved incenveniet be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the lor chancellor of Ireland, or keeper or of for the custoi of the great seal thereof, or for the lord chief baron, ot in 1 absence for the chancellor of the court of exchequer in tretei or one of the barons thereof, or for the lord chief justice, or i any of the judges of his Majesty's courts of king's bench or cc* mon picas in Ireland for the time being respectively, to a minister the oaths of office to any person or persons appotsti to be a commissioner or commissioners of customs and duties, or a commissioner or of of inland excise a taxes in Ireland, and they are hereby empowered to admires: such oath accordingly.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. ic6. 517

V. And whereas.rt may he inconvenient to require the attendance of le several officers of customs, excise, and taxes in Dublin, in order to notify themselves fair their several employments; be it enacted, And to sub-Jat all and every persons and person appointed to any office 6t pjployment in the revenue of customs or excise, or concerned

RW^ag^d in or about the revenues, under the management of

t^said of of customs and port-duties, or of the said issioners. of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, and may, with the consent of the said of re-, ively, talte the oath of office, or any other oaths which or they are respectively directed or required by law to take,

3, oire their entering on their respective offices/ either before

gch person or persons as are now authorised to administer the '

E, or before the collector of the district where such officer*;

be appointed to reside, of and in the several and respective tomties, counties of towns, and counties of cities in Ireland, fere such officer or officers shall be appointed to reside;

d^uch collector is hereby empowered and required to admiral the said oath or oaths accordingly.

lYl. And be it further enacted, That every collector of customs ath of cl-jsxdse, or of any of the revenues under the management of quarterly ac-liatd of of customs and port-duties, or of the said founts*issioners of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, to every quarterly account by him sent up to the said garaissioners respectively, annex the following affidavit, to be ft him signed, and made before a justice of the, peace within |g city or county where such collector shall reside; (that is.to

J A, Bi collector of customs [or, excise, as the case mats he] do jl ^ear. That I have, carefully perused and examined the fore-ling account of receipts and payfnents for his Majesty's use, r the quarter ending, the .'day of last,

Htaining pages, and have carefully compared

18 same with the several vouchers and entries; and that the me is, to the best of my knowledge, judgement, and belief, a W and true account, and contains all the receipts and payments feh I, as collector, m accountable for, within the period of {lie therein comprehended; and further, that the several arrears ituraed in the said account are really due and lying out uncoiled, as I yerily believe.

'So help me God.'

yit. Andy to obviate the inconvenience which may arise to the'.'>

pi/irf by the absence of the collectors of customs or excise in Ireland i^'

pp their respective districts, for the purpose of shearing to their <; ,

tojyal accounts before fie court of exchequer; be it enacted, That 0OthsbycoI-ffy^thiriadeth^seyeral collectofs of customs or racise re-lectr8t9til?ijp J^ec^iyely, of the truth of their respective accounts, before any count before the peace, shall \)e equally valid, to all intents andjU8tice*f' " ' 1*1 purposes.

i& Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. [1806.

peace as valid purposes, as if the same were made before the court or any of as be 01 e t e^Aarons of the exchequer; any law or custom to the contrary

Exchequer. 41

notwithstanding.

Offences com-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the city, suburbs, and mitted in the liberties of Dublin, and the port of Dublin, and the several erects port and di- and members thereof, and all parishes, parts, and places of tkc hiTshall be11 " City and county of the city of Dublin, and county of Dublin, and tried before all and every the baronies, parts, and places of the same, shall be the chief subject to the rule and government of the said of skmers^f cus customs and port-duties, and of the said of cf toms^d e^S" excise and taxes, in all matters relating to the collecting,

cise respect managing, and levying all revenues of customs and pon-dur.rt, tively. and all revenues of inland excise and taxes, and all revenues

whatever under the management of the said of, <a either of them, within the same: and that all complaints ad informations for the recovery of any fine, penalty, or forfeinm for any offence against, or any breach of any act or acts in ford in Ireland, relating to the revenues, matters, and things unde the management of the said of of customs and port duties, which shall be committed within the district compre hending the said city, suburbs, and liberties of Dublin, and th port of Dublin, and the several creeks and members therod and all parishes, parts, and places of the city and county of A city of Dublin and county of Dublin, and all and every tb baronies, parts, and places of the same, shall be heard and detet mined (subject to such appeal as is herein after mentioned! b the said of of customs and port-duties, or anythrt of them: and all complaints and informations for the recovrt of any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, for any offence against, orbreach of any act or acts in force in Ireland relating to ti revenues, matters, and things under the management of the sii of of inland excise and taxes, committed or to t committed within the said district, shall be heard and determine (subject to such appeal as is herein after mentioned) by the sai of of inland excise and taxes, or any three of then and such of respectively shall give, judgement at award execution accordingly \ and no complaint or informal for the recovery of any fine, penalty, or forfeiture for any offaa against, or any breach of any such act, which shall be commit? within the said district, shall be heard, tried, or determined I any subordinate of or sub-commissioners; any bi v custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Commis-

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may I

fuoners ot cus- lawful for the said of of customs and port-duw and for the said of of inland excise and taxes ?t

toms and ex

with&ppro- spectively, or any three or more of them respectively, and rA* \ bation of are hereby respectively authorised and empowered, from tin*t lord lieute- time, to appoint so many and such subordinate commissioner?p suUcommis-^'.sub-commissioners, in and for any and every district in Irdsu ----- (except in the district comprehending the said eity, suburbs,

sioners for

of-

iibert*

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. <19

>ertye of Dublin, and the port of Dublin, and the several creeks ft*10*D "7

kd members thereof, nd all parishes, pails, and places of the city piSln

id county of the city of Dublin, and county of* Dublin, and act ^'ect to*id every the baronies, parts, and places of the same) as the said such regula* tmmisipners of customs and port-duties, and the said commission* a*e inerp of inland excise and' taxes respectively, or any three pr ore of them respectively, shall from time to time find neces-ryx to be approved of by the lord-lieutenant or other chief weraor or governors of Ireland for the time being, for the pur-lie of hearing and determining all complaints and informations r the recovery of any fine, penalty, or forfeiture imposed by ij act or acts in force in Ireland, relating to the revenues of istoms or excise, or to the revenues, matters, and things under e management of the said of respectively, for any Fence against, or any breach of any such act, and to give judge-put and award execution accordingly; and that th^said com-issioners of customs and port-duties, and the said of inlaid excise and taxes respectively, or any three or more of em respectively, shall have full power to displace such sub* dinate or sub-commissioners respectively, or any of them, from ne to tune, as any three or more of such of of istpms and port-duties, or of of inland excise id taxes respectively shall think fit, and to place others in their pm, yrith the like approbation, subject to such regulations, tQdftion?* and provisoes, as are or shall be enacted by law in spect thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That not fewer than, three of Three com-ich of or sub^pmmissioners ^espectiv^ly, in their Spectre districts, shall at any time proceed toheari try, and sionosaquo-?ternvne any complaint or information for or relating to anymm* qq trials. Fence against any act or acts in force in Ireland, relating to'.tile.venues of customs and excise^or to the revenues, Shatters, and ings under the management of the said of of cus-ms and port-duties, or under the management of the said commissioners of inland excise and taxes, or to give judgement or rard execution thereon; and that any judgement or execution hich shall he given or awarded by the majority sitting on the ml of any suca complaint or information, shall be valid and fectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever; jany thing in e said recited act of; the fourteenth and Hfteenth years of the ign of his l^te majesty King Charles the Second, for the set-lag the excise or new impost upon his Majesty, his heirs and iccessors, qr in this act, or in any other ^ct or acts in force in viwi/, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no person shall hear. No person in-jr, or determine any complaint or information for or relating ^e8ted Shy offence against any act or acts in force in Ireland, relating ti^e/CXQnpes, matters, and thingsj under^management of mlty % oo/. $aid copunfssioners of customs kiid port-^hes^'of of the said of i^ancfexciseor^eithet^of them, or

SIO

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. [1806.

shall give judgement or award execution thereon, in any case in which such person shall be personally interested or concerned, directly or indirectly, in the matter or complaint to be tried, or if he is to gain or lose thereby, on any account whatsoever; and every person authorised and appointed to hear, try, 2nd determine any such complaint or information, shall, if thereto required by the party or parties against whom such complain* pr information is filed, or in case such complaint or informitkn shall be against any ship or goods, then, if required by the claimant thereof, take an oath that he is not interested or concerned, directly or indirectly, in the matter or complaint then / depending before him, and that he is not to gain or lose thereby, on any account whatsoever, which oath the clerk or person wn shall attend for the purpose of taking down the depositions c; witnesses at the trial of such complaint or information, or any of the persons authorised and appointed to hear, try, and detemir* such complaint or information, is hereby authorised and requirt\ to administer; and if any person shall proceed to hear, try, I: determine any such complaint or information, contrary to tb true intent and meaning of this act, such person shall, for even* such trial so proceeded on, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and if such person shall refuse to take such oath, such person shall be and is hereby disqualified and rendered incapabL5 to hear, try, determine, or give judgement upon the matter then depending before him, and contained in any such complaint or information; and all proceedings to be had before him after such refusal shall be null and void.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful!.for any court of of or sub-commissioners, sitting to!

on affidavit^5S kear* try> or determine any complaint or information for'iw c# offence against any act or acts in force in Ireland, relating to the

revenues, matters, and things, under the management of the said of of customs and port-duties* or of the said commissioners of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, to adjourn the trial of any such complaint or information after the

examination of any witness on the trial of such complaint or

information shall have commenced, except from day to day, for the purpose of further trying such complaint or inform!) (Sundays and holidays excepted,) unless by the consent of bods parties, or upon some good and sufficient cause, to be upon oath'by one of the parties applying for such adjoi or his or their agent or solicitor, or unless upon some g< sufficient cause, to be assigned upon oath by one or such sub-commissioners so sitting to hear, trj, and d<

' such complaint or information, if any adjournment

desired and applied for by him or them: provided alwa it shall and may be lawful for any three of i to hear, try, or determine any such complaint or information adjourn for any time not exceeding forty-eight hoUrs: and such adjournment and cause, upon' oath, or otherwise, sh:

Goc 2

Trials shall not be ad-

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. 521

mttred in the proceedings of the court, and made a part of the bransmiss.

\ Hn. And be it further enacted, That where any action, jurors of the

formation, indictment, suit, or prosecution, shall be com- same trade as

fctenced or prosecuted by or against any officer of customs or dcff nd?nts' -

j.r*J A 5* _, 1 and officers- of

excise, or any officer appointed by or acting under the said revenue re_

(jbrfimissioners of customs and port-duties, or the said commis- turned as ifc&ers of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, for any jurors, maybe Matter or thing done contrary to or in the execution, or by challenged, season or by or under colour of any act or acts in force in piHandj relating to the revenues, matters, and things under the Management of the said of, or either of them, it shall |ke lawful for such officer to take exception to any of the jurors returned for the trial of any such action, information, indictment,

Bttit, or prosecution, who shall be of the same business, trade, or passing, as any plaintiff, defendant, prosecutor, or traverser in iy such action, information, indictment, suit or prosecution ^respectively: and that it shall be lawful for any such plaintiff, defendant, prosecutor, qt traverser, to take exception to any officer of customs or excise, or officer appointed by or acting ^hder the said of, or either of them, wno shall be Returned as a juror for the trial of any such action, information,

Indictment, suit, or prosecution; and upon proof of such exception respectively, every such juror shall be set aside, as in the >ca$e of other legal challenges.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That on the trial of any Entry in action, information, indictment, suit, or prosecution, for or books of com--coqCerning any matter, or thing done by ot against any officer or or

officers of customs or excise, or any officer appointed by or -acting under the said of of customs and port-duties, milted as ftrtrthe said of of inland excise and taxes, or either proof of the 5, of them, when acting in execution of any of the provisions Gf commission.

act, or any act or acts in force in Irelatidy relating to the 'revenues, matters, and things under the management of the said ^confcnissioners, or either of them, where it may be necessary to jirove the commission or commissions of any person acting as a sub-commissioner or other officer, an attested copy of the registry or entry of the commission or appointment of such sub-commissioner or other officer, in any of the books of or belonging to the said of respectively, or in the books of the collector of customs or excise for the district within which such person acted as a sub-commissioner or other officer, shall be, admitted as evidence that such person was a legal sub-commis-riorfer or other officer, and that such person had authority to net at sdeh sub-commissioner or officer, without producing the 'tomtaission by which such person was appointed: and that proofs or p*o-: where it may oe necessary to prove any proceeding, decree, orceedingsof of for appeals, a true copy, of any such commission* prb&eding, decree, or order of the said of for ap-ers peals, attfedted by their registrar for the time being, shall be 1 admitted

S2Z

tried.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. [1806.

admitted to be read in evidence, as if the original decree or order of the said of were produced and proved.

For summon-

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any informality, & c. Par-tion shall be exhibited in the proper district for exhibiting sad) tie* and wit- information, any witnesses or parties residing in any other di-stet Ireland may be summoned to appear upon the trial than where thereof, in the same manner as if the person or persons so the offence is summoned was or were resident and found within the disrict where such information was exhibited; and also, that any warrant of distress against any offender, or for imprisonment of cy ouch offender, where no sufficient distress may be had, which shall be issued under or by virtue of any act or acts in force a Ireland, relating to the revenues, matters, and things under the management of the said of of customs and port-duties, or the said of of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, may and shall be executed upon the goods and chattels, or on the person of such offender, in any part or place in Ireland, in the same manner as such warrants might have been executed in the district where the information was exhibited: provided always, that no summons shall issue against any person to be a witness, until it shall appear by the affidavit of some person, to be made before a commissioner or sub-commissioner within the district where such information is exhibited, that he is advised, and verily believes, that the person to be summoned is a material witness on the trial of the said information; 2nd that every officer who shall issue such summons without such affidavit previously made, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and in case any person who shall be summoned by virtue of this act to be a witness as aforesaid, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to appear, or appearing shall refuse to give his or her testimony concerning the matter in question, every such person for suet neglect or refusal shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XVI. And whereas bu the said recited act of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of King Charles the Second, for settling of the excise or new impost upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, it is amen^ other things provided, that if any difference or other matter of r.r> iroversp or difficulty happen to arise between any merchant, trader, a dealer, and the of, sub-commissioners, collectors, or other officers; or if any person or persons shall judge him or themselves aggrieved or injured with any manner of proceedings had or done hj the of, sub-commissioners, collectors or other officers, that it shall and may be lawful for every such person or persons to mole his appeal to the lord-lieutenant, lord-deputy, or other chief governor or governors and privy council of Ireland, or such persons as they should appoint by commission under the great seal: and whereas it is expedient to amend the said recited provisions, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person, whether informer, claimant, or defendant, who shall think himself or herself yrieved or ciw- aggrieved or injured by, or who shall be dissatisfied with any satisfied with judgement or sentence of the said of of customs aid

Recital of 14, 15 Car. 2, c. 8. sect. 54. Ary party ag-

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. 106, 5*3

tfcfMfctiOi, hr of the said of of inland excise and judgement taxes, or their sub-commissioners respectively, to make his or her appeal unto the said lord-lieutenant, lord-deputy, or other ^tomsor Chief governor or governors and privy council of Inland, or to excise, seek of of appeals appointed or to be appointed their sub-jmtoftftnt to the said recited act: provided always, that such commission-appeal 'shall be made within the space of two calendar months appeal next after such judgement or sentence shall be given, and in defamk thereof, that no such appeal shall afterwards be received: provided also, that the party who shall make any such appeal, ehaH serve the injunction grounded upon such appeal withinhe space of twenty days next after such appeal shall beiodged,

or in default thereof, such judgement or sentence so appealed fttnrt, shall be final and conclusive.

XVII. And whereas the of appointed for hearing and determining appeals are, by the said last recked act of the fourteenth

and fifteenth pears of the' reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, directed to take the oath in the said act set forth upon such their appointment, which oath the chief betron of his Mdjfistfs Court f tkherpter is thereby authorised to administer, be it enacted, That Commission-'R shall and may be lawful for the chancellor of the said court of ers of appeal exchequer, or for any one of the barons thereof, of for the lord- j^nT^0111 chancellor of Ireland, or the keeper of the great seal thereof, or chancellor, or Swrthe of for the custody of the said great seal for any baron of the timfe being, to administer the oath required to be taken by the Exche-afeiid recited act, to such person and persons 'asshatl or (may 3uer* ^c* he from time to*time appointed a commissioner or of for appeals, and they are hereby authorised to administer such Oath.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any appeal On appeal,4hail be'brought before the said of for appeals foom evidence shaft

atry judgement or sentence Of the said of of customs;

7g J.ri, commission-

ana port-duties, orof the tsaid of of inland excise and m Of appeal

taxes, or either of them, of their sub-commisskmer respectively, by the com-

the said of or sub^ommissioners respectively, by mis6ioners

whom such judgement or sentence shall have been had or given,

shall, within twenty-one days next after service of the injunction* S

tb stop their proceedings, transmit, or cause to be transmitted,

tmder cover, sealed up, and directed to the registrar of the said

of for appeals, a true copy, attested by one of the said of or sub-commissioners of all the proceedings

and proofs in the qiuse in which such judgement^or sentence

was given; and in default thereof, sudi of or sub-

of shall respectively forfeit the sum of ten pounds

each, unless the delay (if-anybali happen) be satisfactorily

accounted for by affidavit Wore the of for

appeals.

m. And be it further enacted, That-In carse jany person Penalty on rirfl: be summoned to appear before 4he said commissionerk for*'i*nel8ses rc-apprease^andshaH neglect or refuse to appear, Or appearingt^forgive anil refuse to give his or her-tettimony concerning the matter evidence, or

in send papers

524 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. [1806.

before com- in question, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver or cause to mrssioners of delivered such papers and writings as he or she shall be

appe s, ao.requiretj to deliver by an order in writing from the said commissioners for appeals, or their registrar, as shall then be in his or her possession or power to transmit and deliver, every suck person shall, for every such neglect or refusal, forfeit the $m, of twenty pounds*

Commission-

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever it ers of appeals shall appear on any appeal to the said of for appeals, Sres^ot^ull rner^ts any case have not been tried, it shall ando

tried.*be lawful to and for the said of for appeals to remand the proceedings in every such case to the of or sub-commissioners respectively, by and before whom 'tk judgement or sentence appealed against was given, to the end that the iherits of every such cause may be duly tried. Commission-

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it snail and may be may empowCT lawul to ar*d for the commissioners for appeals* or any two ox persons to more of them, by commission under their hands and seals, from take affidavits, time to time to authorise and empower such person or persons as they shall think fit, in the several counties in Ireland, to be of to take and receive affidavits in any cause depending, of other proceedings in causes of appeals, oefore the said of for appeals; and affidavits taken before such person or persons as aforesaid, shall be of the same force as affidavits taken^before the said of for appeals are or may be; and for swearing and taking such affidavit, the person so empowered or taking the same, shall receive a fee of one shilling and sixpence British^ and no more.

Form of the

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no affidavit taken by CaPh affida any commissioner authorised as aforesaid, shall be read or made vitL a*U8e of before the*of for appeals, unless the commissioner or person who takes the same shall mention in the caption thereof the day of the month, and the year when, and also the place in the city, town, or county, where the same shall be sworn, and that he knows the deponent, or has been credibly informed and believes that he is the person mentioned and described in such affidavit.

No judge-

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no judgement or ment* sentence of the said of of customs and port-djities,

or of the said of of inland excise and taxes, or of informality.

their subordinate of or sub-commissioners respectively, or of any other person or persons authorised to hear or determine any masters under this act, shall be reversed for any informality, imperfection, or other defect in form, either in the information, proceedings, or judgement exhibited before, or given by them respectively.

On trial of

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any infonna-any informa* tion shall be qqn^enced and brought to trial on account of any ^Te^v^ 8eizure made by virtue of this or any other act or acts in force certify proba- in Ireland* rejating to the revenues, matters, and things under ble cause of the management qi the, $aid of of customs and seizure, &c. port-

-4

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. C. ro6. 525

port-duties, or of the said of of inland excise and 1

taxes, or either of them, wherein a verdict shall be found for the defendant or claimer, and it shall appear to the court or judge before whom such information shall have been tried, that there was a probable cause for such seizure, such court or judge may certify on the record that there was a probable cause for such seizure; and in such case, the defendant or claimer shall not be entitled to any costs of suit whatsoever, nor shall the person or persons who made such seizure, or caused the same to be made, be liable to any action, indictment, or other suit or prosecution on account of such seizure: and in case any action, indictment, or other. suit or prosecution shall be commenced and brought to trial against any person ton account of any seizure made by such person, under ot by virtue of this act, or any other act or acts in force in Inland relating to the revenues, matters, and things under the management of the said of of customs and port-duties, or of the said of of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, and a verdict shall be given against the defendant or defendants, if the court or judge before whom such action, indictment, suit, or prosecution shall have been tried, shall certify on the record that there was a probable cause For such seizure, then the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any such action or suit shall not be entitled to costs of suit, nor to more than two-pence damages, besides the thing so seized, or the value thereof at the time of the seizure 3 nor shall any defendant or defendants in any such indict-.ment or prosecution be fined in any greater sum than one shilling.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful Commission-for the said of for appeals to abate ot mitigate any efs of appeals fine, penalty, or forfeiture, which shall be adjudged against pen^tie^ any person or persons, thing or things, for any breach of any act or acts in force in Ireland, relating to the revenues, matters, and things under the management of the said of of customs and port-duties, or of the said of of inland excise and taxes, or either of them 3 any thing in the said recited act of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, for settling the excise or new impost on his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or any other act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Commission-for the said of of customs and port-duties, or for ers customs the said of of inland excise and taxes respectively, may^bate within their respective jurisdictions, or any three of them penalties, respectively, to abate, reduce, or mitigate any fine, penalty, according to or forfeiture, which may be set, imposed, or adjudged for any regulations offence whatsoever against any act or acts in force in Ireland, Trejumry.8 * relating to the revenues, matters, and things under the management of the said of of customs and port-duties, or of the said of of inland excise and taxes respectively, subject nevertheless to such rules, regulations, or orders

All goods in possession of party guilty of offence against revenue-laws,

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. [1806.

respecting the same, as the commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer in Ireland shall make, pursuaat in the powers vested in them by law for the purpose: provided always, that care be had that all duties due to the crown from the party on account of the goods proceeded against, shall be fully paid and satisfied, and that the informer or prosecutor be duly encouraged for his care, pains, and discovery, according to the nature and quality of the fraud had, used, and discovered, and according to the merits of such informer or prosecutor.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all goods and clut-tels whatsoever in the use, custody, or possession of any person or persons convicted of any offence against any act or acts in force in Ireland, relating to the revenues, matters, and thing* under the management of the said of of customs distress^6 to anc* port-duties, or of the said of of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, shall and may be distrained by virtue of any warrant or warrants legally issued against the goods and chattels of such person, for the levying of any fine or penalty inflicted by any such act or acts, and shall and may be sold for the payment of such fine and penalty, without regard to any claim which any person or persons may have, or pretend to have to such goods ar\d chattels, upon any account whatsoever.^n4f{

Goods not

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all goods, wares, having paid and merchandize whatsoever, by law subject and liable to the forfeited ^and Payment any duty to Majesty, whether a duty on the may be seized, importation thereof or a duty of excise, or any duty whatever, under the management of the said of of customs and port-duties, or of the said of of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, and an which any duty due and payable to his Majesty, which ought therefore to nave been paid, secured, or satisfied, shall not have been actually paid, secured*, or satisfied according to law, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer appointed by or acting under the said of of customs and port-duties, or the said of of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, and the proof that such duty has been actually paid, secured, or satisfied, shall in all cases lie on the claimant of any goods, wares, or merchandize, which shall be so seized, and not on the officer seizing the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or ersons shall refuse to permit, or shall not suffer any surveyor, searcher, waiter, or other officer appointed by or acting under the said of of customs and port-duties, or the said of of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, to enter or remain in his or their house, cellar, vault, shop, warehouse, storehouse, or store-cellar, or other place or places, to search for any goods, wares, or merchandize, for which the duties payable uiereupon to his Majesty hare not been fully paid or satisfied, and which goods, wares, or merchandize such officer shall have reasonable cause to suspect tohe concealed or

dCpOlittd

Officers may break open places if refused admittance.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. 27

deposited there, in every such case it shall be lawful to an d for every such officer or officers, after such refusal, to break open

md 4nter in the day-time, in the presence of a constable, into

mrhouse, cellar, vault, shop, warehouse, storehouse, or store-

teflar, or other place or places belonging to any such person,

md to search for any such goods, wares, or merchandize; and in

attd inj such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be so found,

to seize, attach, carry away, and put the same into safe custody.

X33L And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Officers of lawful for any officer of customs, and for any officer whatso* customs and wer appointed by or aeting under the said of ofexcSelnay custotns and port-duties, to seize any goods, wares, and mer- seize goods jtandize for any offence or offences whatsoever against any act for any of-it acts in force in Ireland, relating either to the revenues under ^nce aainst ik management of the said of of customs and Qre"^omf ^ert-dudes, or to the revenues under the management of the and such did of of inland excise and taxes, or either of them; offence shall hid in Eke manner, it shall and may be lawful for any officer ^tricci in

Df excise, and for any officer whatsoever appointed by or acting juri^ctUwu f&cKer the said of of inland excise and taxes, to seizeJ tfqr goods, wares, and merchandize for any offence or offences reaisoever against any act or acts in force in Ireland, relating other to the revenues under the management of the said commissioners of inland excise and taxes, or to the revenues under the management of the said of of customs and (xtet-duties, or either of them; any thing in this act, or in any other act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding: provided stays, that the trial of the offence for which sudh goods shall be to seized, shall be had, heard, and determined before the of or sub-commissioners of customs and port-duties, or before the of or 3ub-commissioners of inland excise and taxes respectively, as the nature of such offence shall by law require,

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall Penalty on Rave, or otherwise destroy or damage, or cause to be staved, Per80Da8tav* fcrtroyed, or damaged, any vessel or package wherein shall be gtroying^ contained any goods, wares, or merchandize, liable to the pay- goods to avoid ment of any duty under any act or acts in force in Ireland^ seizure, xoU relating to the revenues, matters, and things undgr the management of the said of of customs and port-duties, or of the said of of inland excise and taxes, or either of diena, or shall spill, scaster, or destroy, or cause to be spilied, scattered, or destroyed, any such goods, wares, or merchandize, so that the same, or any part thereof, shall be thereby fafattgOd Or lost, liT order to prevent the seizure or distraining ttaeof, evfery such person so offending respectively, shall for grmry Such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Penalty on fobds, wares, or merchandize, liable to the payment of anyconcea[in uitfes under any or acts in force in Irehmdy relating to fi0od*

528 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. [1806.

revenues, matters, and things under the management of tin said of of customs and port-duties, or of the said of of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, shall have been seized by any officer, and shall have beea rescued or forcibly taken away from the officer so seizing the same, every person who shall knowingly harbour or conceal sud goods, wares, and merchandize, and every person in who*? house or out-house, offices or yards, any such goods, wares, <sr merchandize shall be found harboured or concealed, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

Seizure of

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any penw

wh^h vouch re(lu're^ to Pro^uce vouchers for the payment of the detia ers are not " Payable by law on goods, w'ares, or merchandize in the poi-produced for session of such person, shall fail to produce vouchers for inpayment of duty on the whole quantity of such goods, wares, and merchandize, it shall be lawful for the officer or officer who shall examine such goods, wares, and merchandize, to seize out of any part of the same a quantity equal to the quantity for which no voucher was so produced; and such goods, wares, or merchandize so seized shall be deemed as the goods, wares, and merchandize for which no such voucher was produced, aa*: shall be forfeited accordingly, as goods, wares, or merchandize not having paid the duties due and payable thereon.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That when any good*, wares, merchandize, or other articles or things shall be seized, and a claim shall be tendered by any person authorised by law to make such claim, such claim shall, within twenty-one days after the seizure of such goods, wares, or merchandize, or claims^crne ot^er articles or things, (the day of seizure not to be counted a* place shall be one) be tendered to and lodged with the collector of customs named, at writh the collector of excise, as the case may require, for: ma^be^ervTd ^strict within which such claim shall be made, or with th-for^dalmants. registrar of seizures within the district where any such registrar shall be appointed, and the person tendering such claim shall, at the foot of such claim, mention some particular house with such district at which notices or summonses shall be left 0: served for such claimant with any person; and all notices or summonses served or left for any such claimant with any perse above the age of sixteen years, residing at such house, as sha/ be mentioned' or expressed at the foot of such claim, shall lx On entering as effectual as if such claimant was personally served; and elaim security the time of the entry of any such claim, the person or persons for costs^&c. w enter such cla*m shall give security by bond to his Majesty, with two sufficient sureties, to be previously approve* t' by the said of of customs and port-duties, or by th

said of of inland excise and taxes respectively, & the case may require, or by the collector or other principal officer of customs or excise respectively for the district wi&is which such claim shall be entered, in the penalty of of* hundred pounds, or such further sum, not exceeding thre

hundred

the duty thereon.

Claims Mi all be made within twenty-one days after the seizure;

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. 529

mdred pounds, as shall be reasonably deemed sufficient by ch of, collector, or other officers, to answer and y the costs which may be occasioned by such claim, in case the condemnation of such gpods or merchandize, such costs be taxed by the chief remembrancer of the court of exchester, or his deputy; and as often as any such claim for any How affidavit ods, wares, merchandize, or other articles or things, shall be ownership adered by the owner or owners thereof in person, such |n^agee0a liiaant or claimants shall, at the time of tendering such claim, claims, ike and sign an affidavit before the collector or registrar to born such claim shall be tendered, that such claimant dr-limants is or are the true and lawful owner or owners of the ods, ware3, merchandize, or other articles or things so seized d claimed; and in case the goods, wares, merchandize, or other tides or things so seized, shall be claimed by any person or, irons on behalf of such owner or owners, then such claimant claimants shall make and sign an affidavit before such ilector or registrar, that such claimant or claimants is or are dl acquainted with the hand-writing of the person or persons hose name or names is or are subscribed to the deputation, ipointment, or power, by virtue of which such claim shall be ide, and that according to the belief of such claimant or aimants, the name or names subscribed to such deputation, ipointmdnt, or power, is or are the hand-writing of the person persons whose name or names is or are thereto subscribed, id that such person or persons 19 or are the true and lawful rner or owners of the goods, wares, merchandize, articles, or imgs so claimed; and all such affidavits and deputations shall ideposited with such collector or registrar.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any owner If no claim r owners of any goods, wares, merchandize, or other articles

f things so seized, shall neglect to make a claim of the same complied

j himself or themselves, or by some person duly authorised, with, goods

ithin twenty-one days after the seizure of such goods, wares, shall be con-

wchandize, or other articles or tilings, (the day of seizure

, v.^. ^111 1 want or cUum.

otto be counted as one;,) or in case any claimant shall neglect

t the foot of the claim to mention the nouse at which notices t summonses are to be left or served, or shall refuse or neglect > intake such affidavits, or to give such security at the time of Je entry of any claim in manner hereinbefore respectively retired, every such claim shall be deemed void and of no effect;

Id the collector or registrar to whom the same shall be tendered ball not receive the same, and it shall be lawful to proceed to be condemnation of the goods, wares, merchandize, or other juries or things so seized, as if no claim whatever had been adered or made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the antrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall Notices may

ot be found and appear residing, at the house mentioned at the*

no person

oet of any such claim, some person above the age of sixteen appear-to,

ears, by whom such notices or summonses required by law receive them 5

M AL

can and claim may

absence of claimant on affidavit of serving notice.

Master of a ship may

530 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. [1806.

be heard in /Can be and shall be received, such notices or summonses doB be respectively posted on the door of such house, at least eigit clear days before the time appointed for determining sm claims; and if the claimant shall not appear on the day Bflk tioned in the notice or summons for the hearing of the ca' then it shall be lawful for tin* of or other p< authorised to hear and determine such cause, to hear and termine the same, as if such claimant had appeared: prer always, that due proof shall be made by the affidavit person who served or posted such notice or summons of iu\ service or posting thereof, and if posted, that there was not found any such person residing in such house, on or by wLcsl such notice or summons could be served or received.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any $hi| dahnffie ship or vessel, or the cargo, or any part thereof, shall be seized so and cargo for any offence against any act or acts in force in Ireland, relating^ the owners, any of the revenues, matters, or things under the manages*

of the said of of customs and port-duties, or of t said of of inland excise and taxes, or either of the; it shall be lawful for the master or other person having charge, such ship or vessel, or the cargo thereof, to claim such ship vessel, or the cargo, or any part thereof, on account of tS owners or proprietors thereof, such master or person making 8 affidavit before the officer empowered to' receive such chgjfc H the names and places of abode of the real owners and proprietc thereof, and of the person or persons to whom such ship, or cargo is consigned, and also performing the several requi hereinbefore mentioned, with respect to persons making claim any goods, wares, and merchandize seized as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever ship, vessel, or boat, or the cargo of any ship, vessel, or

Ships seized at sea may be carried into

situate.

any port for shall he seized at sea for any offence against any act or safety, and the force in Ireland, relating to the revenues, matters, and seizure shall uncJer the management of the said of of customs.district where Port'^uties> or of the said of of inland excise a such port is taxes, or either of them, such ship, vessel, or boat, together the cargo, tackle, apparel, and furniture thereof, may be 1 and conveyed to any^uch port in Ireland as maybe thought! safe and convenient, by the officer or person or persons by such ship, vessel, or boat, or the cargo thereof, shall or so seized; and the legality of any such seizure shall and heard, tried, and determined in the district within which port shall be situate, as fully, to all intents and purposes, and I such powers, as if such seizure had been actually made such district \ any act or acts to the contrary notwiti.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever formation shall be filed against any person, being the mate, or having charge of any ship or vessel, for any under any act or acts in force in Ireland, relating to the re matters, and things under the management of the said sioners of customs and port-duues, or or the said

Ships may be detained for penalties incurred by the master or mate.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. 531

f inland excise and taxes, or either of them, or relating to such Bp or vessel, or such person us master or mate, or having charge f such ship ofr vessel, for any offence committed during the itfie he acted as master or.mate, or the person having charge of uch ship or vessel, it shall and may be lawful for any officer or Beers appointed by or acting under the said of of fcstoms and port-duties to detain the ship or*vessel of which teh person, against whom such information shall be filed, is or fed been master or mate, or shall have had or shall have charge, toil the penalties with which such person shall be charged fcH be paid, or security given -for the payment thereof by bod to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with two t>

ifficient sureties in double such penalties, before the col-feor and comptroller of the port in which such ship or vessel ItH be detained (which bond such collector and comptroller are

Ireby authorised to take,) conditioned to pay such penalties, ih Jfcsuch person shall be adjudged to pay the same; and thereto it shall and may be lawful for the -said of of Istoms and ports-duties, or for the said of of inland Ifise and taxes respectively, as the case may require, to order |sch ship or vessel to be delivered up: provided always, that fen acquittal of such person by the said Commissioners of items and port-duties, or by the said Commissioners of inland Bse and taxes, ot their sub^of*1 respectively, or by fc of of appeals, iti ca$e! any appeal shall be brought,

H due proof iriadeof such acquittal, it shall and may be lawful I the said of of customs and' port-duties, or the 83 of of inland excise and taxe^, or for the said ommissioners of appeals, as the case may require, to order such to be vacated, and the same shall be vacated accordingly,

*XL And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Master of ship h information shall be filed against any person being placeforre^ Ister or mate, or having the charge of any ship or vessel, and ceiving notice sch ship or vessel shall be detained as aforesaid, it shall be of trial.

Bfitf for the officer who shall detain such ship or vessel, to fen the possession of such ship or vessel, with all her tackle, fcfcrel, ammunition, and furniture, until the person against jfcm such information shall be filed shall lodge in the office of

collector of the*customs for the district within which such'formation shall be filed, a notice in writing, specifying some pticular house within the district, where notice of trial shall be

or served; and that all notices served or left for such person hxrsons at Such house as shall be so mentioned in such notice,

M be valid in law, and as effectual as if the person or persons

inst whom such information shall be filed, were personally* with such notice, in like manner as is herein provided with to notices of trial by persons tendering any claim.

And be it further enacted, That when any ship or vessel Ships con-IHI be condemned for any offence against any act or acts in force sha^.

ffytlattd, relating to the revenues, matters, and things under the from^wageL aagement of the 9sud of of custoais^nd port  duties,

mm2

vjC -

or

S31 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. io

prof the said of of inland excise and taxes oceAff of them, such ship or vessel shall be discharged from all denuM whatsoever for wages claimed by mariners for having served m board such ship or vessel; any law, usage, or custom to k n, contrary notwithstanding.

noTiMue on XLII. And*further enacted, That it shall not be kris

account of for any process to issue at the suit of any mariner belonging!

prize-money any vessel employed in the service of the said commissioner*d

for mariners, customs and port-duties, against the commander, thereof, <* on board cus-^c^., j*,

toms' vessels. accouftt * prize-money or Vages, due or alledged to be duel

such mariner) any law, usage, or custom to the cootnff

notwithstanding.

XLI1L And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawfoiq moved topi ace convey all goods, wares, and merchandize, seized for any brad of security in of any act or acts m force in Ireland, relating to the referoq a neighbour- matters, and things under the management of the said cm and tealifvof m^ss^oners customs and porNduties, or of the said corns* seizure may signers of inland excise and taxes, or either of then, fra be tried with the place where they have been actually seized in any a in such di- strict in Irelandto his Majesty's stores, or some other place*strict^ security in any neighbouring district to which such goods, was* or merchandise, can with safety be conveyed, if the officer seuis, the same shall think necessary so to do $ and the legality of s J seizure shall and may he heard, tried, and determined ia sod neighbouring district, as fully to all intents and purposes, xsi with such powers, as if such seizure had been made within sad.district; any act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in even sod

notice or

seizure and case a seizing-note shad be lodged as well in the office ct

trial, in case collector of the customs or excise, as the case may rebuke, fa

the <^'str'etn which such seizure shall have been actually mde

goods seized. a8 the 0gice cf guch collector of the district into which sad

goods, wares, and merchandize shall be taken and conveyed;

in case a claim for the same shall be made within either of sadl

districts, notice shall be given to the person who shall so ddn

of the time and place when and where such trial shall be M

twenty-one days at the least before the day appointed for sd

trial.

Parties (with consent of of of customs or excise), may apply for writ of appraisement,

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and nut In lawful for the owner or owners of any goods, wares, or chandize, and for the master or commander of any ship or res respectively, which shall be seized for any breach of any act 0 acts in force in Ireland, relating to the revenues, matters, & things under the management of the said commissioner 0 customs and port-duties, or of the said commissieecis^inland excise and taxes, or either of them, upon prodocsj a consent in writing under the hands of any three of said of of customs and port-dudes, or three of the said commissioness of inland, excise.and respectively (according as such goods, wares, or dize* or ship or vessel, shall have been seized by the appointed by or Ktingzj}p^(^Ml^ of of

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. C. 106. $3,

port-duties, Or of the sard of of inland excise and

5 respectively,) to apply to the court of exchequer in Ireland

\ writ of appraisement, to value and appraise such goods,

is, and merchandize, or such ship or vessel so seized, upon

: h writ (in case the 6aid court of exchequer shall grant the

?,) ^uch proceedings shall and may be had as have been usual

ises where by law writs of appraisement have issued; and

re return of the appraisement or value of such goods, wares,

merchandize, or of such ship or vessel, the party ot parties

jing for such writ of appraisement, together with two suf-

nt sureties, shall enter into a recognizance to his Majesty, in

>!e the value of such appraisement, before the chancellor or of the barons of the said court of exchequer, or before such r person or persons as they or any of them shall appoint by mission to be issued out of the said court of exchequer, conned to pay such appraised value, and all other penalties and atures attending such seizures, in case the said goods, wares, lerchandize, ship or vessel respectively, shall be condemned, conditioned to pay the duties due and payable upon such Is, wares, or merchandize, in case the same shall be acted, if such ship4 or vessel was bound for, or such goods, rs, or merchandize, or any part thereof, were intended to be ed at, any port in Ireland; and thereupon the chancellor, or rf the barons of the exchequer, shall award a writ of delivery he usual manner for such goods, wares, or merchandize, or mch Ship or vessel so seized as aforesaid: provided always, upon the final acquittal of such goods, wares, t>r.merchan-, or of such ship or vessel, from such seizure as aforesaid, iny of or sub-commissioners of customs and -duties, or by any of or sub-commissioners of id excise and taxes respectively, or any of them, as the case require, or by the commissioners for appeals, in case any jal shall be brought, and upon payment of the duties due and ible upon the importation of such goods, wares, and mer-idize (in case such ship or vessel was bound for, or such Is, wares, or merchandize, or any part thereof, were intended e landed at, any port in Ireland,) and due proof made thereof re the said chancellor or any of the barons of the said court cchequer, and notice given to his Majesty's attorney-general 'reland for the time being, the said chancellor, or any of the ms of the said court of exchequer shall order the said recog-nce to be vacated, and the same shall afterwards be void to all nts and purposes whatsoever.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That no writ of replevin, Goods seized of deliverance, or writ of recaption, shall at any time here-r be executed without leave first obtained for that purpose ^picvin. See. i tlje said court of exchequer, for any ship or vessel, or for withouUeave goods, wares, or merchandize seized or detained under or by of court of ae of any act or acts in force in Ireland, ' relating to the exchequer.'tiues, matters, and things under the management of the said rmissiofters of customs and port-duties, or of the said com-nisskmere of inland excise and taxes, or either of them,

Where goods are forfeited, the packages shall be also forfeited.

Regulations for sale of perishable goods.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. [1806.

unless such ship or vessel, goods, wares, or merchandize shall be first acquitted by due course of law.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any goods, wares, or merchandize shall be forfeited and seizaUe tinder any act or acts in force in Ireland, relating to the revenue^ matters, and things under the management of the said commissioners of customs and port-duties, or of the said cominissiooai of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, all casks, cas*$, sacks, bags, and all and every package and covering whatsoees in which such goods, wares, or merchandize shall be foaa4 shall also be forfeited, and may be seized.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all perishable gookj wares, and merchandize, which shall be seized or distrained under or by virtue of any act or acts in force in Ireland, relating to the revenues, matters, and things under the management ct the said of of customs and port-duties, or of the said of of inland excise and taxes, or either of them respectively, shall and may, at any time after the seizuredistraining thereof, notwithstanding any injunction or other order from or by the commissioners for appeals, whether such goods, wares, or merchandize shall have been claimed or not, be sold by order of the said of of customs and port-duties, or of the said of of inland excise and taxes respectively, or with the consent of the owner of such goods, wares, and merchandize, by order of one of the said of respectively, or with such consent as aforesaid, by order of the collector or other chief officer of customs or excise for the time being, for the district, (except the district of the porr, city, and county of Dublin,) in ^vhich such goods, wares, or merchandize shall have been seized or distrained, or into which they shall have been conveyed pursuant to the provisions of this act* and the produce arising by and from such sale shall be accounted for and paid to such person and persons respectively as shall be by law entitled thereto, within one week after the expiration of the time limited by law for appealing from any judgement or proceeding, whereby such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be condemned or acquitted, or in case of an appeal, within one week after the determination of such appeal; and the produce arising by and from such sale, after deducting the duty due and

Eayable to his Majesty on such goods, wares, qt merchandize, eing paid to the person or persons entitled thereto, shall be in full satisfaction of the goods, wares, and merchandize so seized: provided always, that ships, vessels, boats, and beasts of burthen, shall be deemed to be perishable goods, within the intent and meaning of this act.

How disputes

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in every case, where ^rTespect- two or more Persons stall claim any right to any reward on ac-9 count of any seizure, penalty, or forfeiture, which they may be entitled to, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissionen of customs and port-duties, or for the said of of inland excise and taxes respectively, or such person as the said

t of

ing proportions of penalties shall be dc ter-mined.

535

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106.

mimissioners respectively shall appoint for the purpose, to hear te several claims and demands of such persons as may think lemselves entitled to any reward on account of any information, iscovery, or seizure, and to make aft order for the distribution Fthe same, in such proportions as may be just; which order, if iade by the said of of customs and port-duties,

by the said of of inland excise and taxes respectrely, shall be conclusive to the said parties; but if such fcrder lall be made by such persons so appointed'as aforesaid in any strict, and the person or persons, making such claim or claims lall think himself or themselves injured by such order, it shall i lawful for such person or persons to appeal from such order > the said of respectively: and such of nil and they are hereby authorised and empowered to receive ich appeal or appeals, and to affirm, vary, or amend such order, i such manner as may be just; which affirmance, variation, or nendment, made upon such appeal, shall be final and conclu-ve to the said parties: provided that every such person who iall so think himself aggrieved or injured, shall make such ppeal within the space of one calendar month next after such rder shall be given, and in default thereof, that no appeal shall e afterwards received.

L. And be it further enacted, That where, by any act or acts Penalty on i force in Ireland, relating to the revenues, matters, and things ^nMoTake nder the management of the said of of customs and bo^dfdul/ ort-duties, or of the said of of inland excise and stamped, 10l. ixes, or either of them, any person is or shall be required to liter into bond before any officer or officers of customs or ex-ise, or before any officer or officers appointed by or acting under ie said of, or either of them, in case any such fficer or officers shall omit or neglect to take such bond, or shall lie the same without its being duly stamped as required by law, rery such officer shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any collector, or any Penalty on lerk of any collector, or other person or persons, shall wilfully collector, &cf wtroj, or cause to be destroyed, or shall wilfully obliterate Jr

r delace, or cause to be obliterated or defaced, any of the refusing to ooks of account appertaining to his Majesty's revenue, or deliver up tlonging to the office of any collector of customs or excise; books of r if any sftch collector, clerk, or other person, shall wilfully take ^ice1 and ray or secrete any such books, or shall not within twenty-one demand, ays after demand made by any person authorised by the said misdemean-MTimissioners of customs and port-duties, or by the said commis- our* oners of inland excise and taxes respectively, or any one of lem, by writing under his or their hands and seals, deliver to ich person so authorised all such books as shall be in his, er, or their custody, power, or possession, and certify upon ath, if required, that he, she, or they has or have no other such ook appertaining to his Majesty's revenue which have been Jcreted, every such collector, clerk, or other person so offend-ig) dull upon conviction thereof upon indictment or information.

Mode of giving such notice when

j-36 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. [1806.

tion, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall suffer suck punishment as the court before whom such person shall betxk4 shall in their discretion think fit j and such person shall he audit and are hereby declared to be incapable of serving his Majof in any office or employment civil or military, or in his Majesty's revenue.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case tack nouce wuen co^ector> clerk, or other person, shall abscond or conceal hinudl* collector, &c.so that a personal demand cannot be made for any such boob of absconds. account, a notice or demand in writing for such books shall he: affixed on the principal door of the office of the collector tr whose office such books belonged, and shall be published in Dublin Gazette, for the space of three calendar months* and sack notice or demand so affixed and published, shall be deemed and taken to be as effectual in law, to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if a personal demand for such books had been made qn such collector, clerk, or other person3 and such collector, clerk, or other person may be proceeded against accordingly. Abstracts and

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every abstract and ^counts account relating to the revenues under the management of the dence against sa^ of of customs and port-duties, or of the said collectors. of of inland excise and taxes, or either of then, transmitted to the proper officer by or on behalf of any collector of customs or excise in Ireland, and also every account rebrive to the receipts of such collector, settled by the accountant-general, or his deputy, shall, in all actions or suits commenced, or to be commenced against the sureties of such collector, be allowed in all courts or law and equity as evidence of the debt and arrears by such abstract or account respectively appearing to be due to his Majesty.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any complaint touching the conduct of any officer appointed by or acting under the said of of customs and port-duties, or the said of of inland excise and taxes respectheh, shall be made to the said of respectively, and they shall judge it ^expedient and necessary to enquire into the conduct of such officer or officers, it shall be lawful for such of respectively, or any officers by them respectively authorised for the purpose, to proceed to examine into thi matter of such charge, by summoning or causing parties; witnesses to be summoned to appear before them, by summons in writing under the hand of any of the said of respectively, or such officers authorised as aforesaid, such summons to be left at the usual place of abode of such parties 0: witnesses, and to examine such witnesses upon oath 3 and ia case any person duly summoned as aforesaid to be a witness and to give testimony as aforesaid, shall wilfully neglect cr refuse to appear, or snail refuse to make oath concerning the matter in question, or making oath, shall refuse to answer any question which shall be put to him or her touching the ifratttrifl question, such person snail, for every time he oJt she shall so

offend,

On enquiry

into misconduct of officers, witnesses summoned shall attend and give evidence.

537

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106.

field, forfeit the sum of ten pounds: provided always, that no person or persons who may give testimony concerning any natter which shall be enquired into, shall be subject and liable 3 any forfeiture, fine, or punishment, which he, she, or they aay have respectively incurred or be subject to, by reason of ny criminality in such person or persons in the matter so nquired into, or be in anywise prosecuted or sued for the ame,

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any officer appointed Officer asking ry, or acting under the said of of customs and ^.taking tort-duties, or the said of of inland excise and mish

axes, or either of them, shall directly or indirectly, by him- demeanour, self or any person for his use and benefit, make any collu- and be inca- % ive seizure, or shall deliver up, or shall make any agreement pacitated; and a deliver up, or not to seize any ship or vessel, or any goods Pner8" iable to forfeiture under any act or acts in force in Ireland, j^bfe t^pe* relating any of the revenues, matters, and things under the nalty of 500l. management of the said of of customs and port-iuties, or of the said of of inland excise and taxes, bt either of them; or if any officer appointed by or acting under the said of of customs and port-duties, or the said of of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, shall by himself, or by any other person, ask, or shall directly'or indirectly take or receive any bribe, fee, gratuity, recom*. pence, or reward, or any promise thereof, for the non-performance or neglect of his duty, under any act or acts in force in Ireland^ relating to any, of the revenues, matters, and things wider the management of the said of of custom* and port-duties, or of the said of of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, or for the performance of his duty, other than such salary, recompence, reward, or gratuity as shall be allowed by the said of respectively, every such officer so offending shall, upon conviction thereof, upon indictment or information, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall suffer such punishment as the court before whom such person shall be tried, shall in their discretion think fit, and such person shall be and is hereby declared to be incapable of serving his Majesty in any office or employment, civil or military, or in his Majesty's revenue; and if any person whatsoever shall directly or indirectly give or offer, or promise to give any fee, bribe, recompence, or reward to, or shall make, or attempt to make, any collusive or other agreement with any such officer, to do> conceal, or connive at any act or acts, whereby the provisions of any act or acts in force in Ireland, relating to any of the revenues, matters, and things under the management of the said,

of of custofns and port-duties, or of the said of of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, may or shall be evaded or broken, or whereby any duty payable to his Majesty may or shall be withheld or evacted, every such person shall for each and every such offetice, (whether the said offer, promise, or agreement shall be accepted or performed or not, )

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. [1806.

forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and any licence* previously granted to any such person or persons to manufacture or deal in any excisable goods, wares, or merchandize, shall, os conviction for such offence, become absolutely void to all intents and purposes, and such person or persons shall from thenceforth be incapable of having or taking fiy such licence in future. LVI. Andy for the more effectual protection of officers of the Officers re- revenue in the discharge of their duty; be it enacted, That if an? suted may of- person or persons, armed with guns, pistols, cutlasses, clsbs, gose orce to stic|cs> or other offensive weapons, shall hinder, molest, of resist any officer or officers of customs or excise, or any officer or officers appointed by or acting under the said of of customs and port-duties, or the said of of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, in the execution of his or their duty, by beating, maiming, or wounding any such officer or officers, or any person or persons acting in his or their'assistance, it shall and may be lawful for any such officer or officers, and all persons by them called to their assistance, who are so resisted or molested, to oppose force to force, and to endeavour to defend himself or themselves, and to execute the duty of his or their office; and if any person or persons so hindering, molesting, or resisting as aforesaid, any such officer or officers, or his or their assistants, shall in so doing be wounded, maimed, or kilied, and such officer or officers, or his or their assistants, shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for or on account of inch wounding, maiming, or killing, such officer and officers, and person or persons acting in his or their assistance, shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence in his and their defence: and all his Ma-

jestjr's justices of the peace, and other justices and persons laving competent authority, before whom any such officer or officers, or other person or persons acting in his or their assistance, shall or may be brought for or on account of any such wounding, maiming, or killing as aforesaid, are hereby authorised and empowered, enjoined and required, to admit every such officer and officers, person and persons so brought before him or them,

to bail; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

All subjects

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all justices of the nsist^enue Peace> mayoTS> bailiffs, sovereigns, constables, headboroughs, officers. an<* a^ King's majesty's officers, ministers, and subjects, serr-ing under his Majesty, by commission, warrant, or otherwise in Ireland, shall be aiding and assisting to all and every person and persons who are or shall be appointed to manage or collect the revenues under the management of the said of of customs and port-Aities, or of the 9aid of of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, and the officers appointed by or acting under the said of respectively, and their respective deputies, in the due execution of all and every act and thing required and enjoined by this act, or by any other act or acts of parliament in force in IreUad>

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. 539

relating to the said revenues respectively, and the due collec-ion thereof; and all such persons as shall be aiding and iseisting unto them in the due execution thereof, shall be iefended and saved harmless by virtue of this act; and the proper officers of his Majesty's court of exchequer in Ireland tre hereby authorised, on application made to them by any mown solicitor of the said revenues, or either of them, upon he producing an order signed by the said of of aistoms and port-duties, or by the said of of inland seise and taxes respectively, or any three of them, as the case nay require, to issue writs of assistance under the seal of his dfajest/s court of exchequer, to authorise the officers of customs, w* excise respectively, to require and demand the aid and assist-tnce of his Majesty's officers, ministers, and subjects, as herein-lefore mentioned: provided always, that such writs of assistance shall not be granted to any officer under the degree of 1 surveyor, unless such officer shall have a written order, signed >y some superior officer, appointed by or acting under the said x>mmissioners of customs and port-duties, or the said of of inland excise and taxes respectively, of the degree*yf a surveyor at least.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any constable shall Penalty on efuse or neglect to attend and assist any officer appointed by or nex-)r acting under the said of of customs and port- iecting to^iuties, or the said of of inland excise and taxes, or assist^/, or iither of them, in the execution of his duty, upon request made fhree. months' >y such officer in any matter relating to the revenues, matters,n* ind things under the management of the said of respectively, where by law the presence of a constable is made lecessary, such constable shall for every such refusal or neglect rorfeit the sum of five pounds, and in default of payment there-)f, shall suffer three months' imprisonment.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Constable awful for every constable or other peace-officer, who shall have ma7 continue >egun to assist any officer of the customs or excise, or any neTirhbowine >fficeT appointed by or acting under the said of of districts, us toms and port-duties, or the said of of inland ex- -rise and taxes, or either of them, in the execution of his duty, n any place where such constable or other peace-officer shall hve jurisdiction by law, to continue such his assistance in any ) ther place; and ne shall be deemed a constable, and have urisdiction accordingly in such last mentioned place for the purpose of continuing such assistance.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any officer or officers Persons of-

his Majesty's navy, or any officer or officers appointed by or Psin8 of acting under the said of of customs and port-duties, officers^ultv or the said of of inland excise and taxes, or either of Of a misde*them, being on shore, or going on board, or returning from on meanour. board, or being on board any ship, boat, or vessel within the limits of any port, harbour, or creek of Ireland, or within eight leagues from the coast of Ireland\ shall be opposed, obstructed.

officers.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. C. 106. [1806.

or assaulted, in the due execution of his or their office or duty, by any person or persons, either by day or by night, every such " person or persons so opposing, obstructing, or assaulting the said

officer or officers in the due execution of his or their duty, ad all such as shall act in his or their aid or assistance, shall id may be Carried and conveyed before any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace residing near to the place where sod offence shall be committed, or where such person or persons shall be apprehended, and such justice shall, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, commit such persw to the next county gaol, there to remain until the next court oi over and terminer or gaol-delivery, or until such person shall W delivered by due course of law, and in case an indictment shall be found against such person or persons, such person or person shall forthwith plead thereto without having time to traverse the same, and if duly convicted thereof, shall be deemed guihyofi misdemeanour, and shall suffer such punishment as shall be award-eel by the court before whom such offender shall be Convicted. Officers spe- L*XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever it staff oUHyap^n, -happ

en that any person shall be appointed or directed by the considered as said of of customs and port-duties, or by the said the proper of.or inland excise and taxes respectively, to do,

perform, or execute any business or duty, in matters relating to

the revenues, matters, and tilings under the management of the said of of customs and port-duties, or of the said of of inland excise and taxes respectively, the person so appointed or directed, shall, to all intents and purposes, be held and considered to be the proper officer for the purposes for which he was so appointed or directed; and that in any matter or suit relating to the duty performed by the person so appointed or directed, aH hooks and papers of such personappointed or directed shall, to all intents and purposes, be deemed and taken to be, and shall be read and admitted in evidence as the books and papers of the proper officer.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons upon the shore or on board any ship, vessel, or boat, shall maliciously shoot at or upon any ship, vessel, or boat belonging to his Majesty's navy, or in the service of the said commissioner of customs and port-duties, or of the said of of inland excise and taxes within the limits of any port, harbour, or creek of Ireland, or within eight leagues from any part of tbf coast of Ireland; or if any person or persons being on shore or on board any ship, vessel, or boat, shall maliciously shoot at, maim, or wound any officer or officers of his Majesty's navy, or any officer or officers appointed by or acting under the said of of customs and port-duties, or the said of of inland excise and taxes, whether attempting to go on boar-!, or being on board, or returning from on board any ship, vessel, or boat, or otherwise acting in the due execution of his or their duty on shore, or within the limits of any port, harbour, or creel of Ireland, or within eight leagues from any part of the coast of

Penalty for shooting at revenue-officers, felon Brfwith-out clergy.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. io&. .541

Ireland^ or shall maliciously shoot at, maim, or wound any per-ion. or persons aiding or assisting such officer or officers in the execution of his or their duty as aforesaid, then every person so offending, and all and every person being aiding, abetting, or insisting the rein, shall, being thereof legally convicted, be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death without benefit of clergy.

IfXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or Penalty on persons shall be charged with being guilty of any of the offences made felony by this act, before any one or more of his Majesty's when indicu justices of the peace, or before one of his Majesty's justices of ed, and re-the court of king's bepch in Ireland, if the offence be committed quired to sur-in Ireland, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or rei?der by the within eight leagues of the coast thereof, by information of on* feilJnyCwithlli, or more credible person or persons upon oath by him or them tp out clergy, be subscribed, and shall be indicted for the same in the county where the offence shall have.hepn committed, if committed witly-in the body of any county, or in any county in Ireland, if the offence shall have been committed at sea, and within eight leagues of the epast thereof, the clerk of the crown where such indictment shall be found, shall return such indictment an^ information to4the clerk of his Majesty's most honourable privy council in Ireland} or his deputy or deputies, who is and are hereby, rev-nuired to lay the same, as soon as conveniently may be, before the Jord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, and the privy council of Ireland;

whereupon it shall be lawful for the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for the tims being, to make his or their order in the said privy council, thereby requiring and commands ing ?uch offender or offenders to surrender him, her, or themselves, within the space of forty days after the first publication thereof in the Dublin Gazette, to the lord chief justice, or any other of his Majesty's justices of the court of king's bench in Ireland, or to any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in Ireland, if the offence be committed in Ireland, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within eight leagues of the '

coast thereof, who is hereby required, upon such offender or offender^ surrendering him, her, or themselves, to commit him, her, or them, without bail or mainprize, to the county gaol, or to the gaol or prison of the place where he, she, or they shall so surrender, to the end that he, she, or they may be forth-coming to answer the offence or offences wherewith he, she, or they shall stand charged according to due course of law \ which order the said clerk of his Majesty's said privy council, or his deputy or dep&ties, shall cause to be forthwith printed- and published in two successive Dubliq Gazettes, to be forthwith transmitted to the sheriff of the county where the offence shall be committed,

if the same shall be committed in any county; and if the offence pball not be committed in any county, but within the limits of any port as aforesaid, or within eight leagues of the coasts of any JHUft of Ireland, to be transmitted to the sheriff of any county in

S42 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. [1806.

Ireland, near to the place where such offence shall be committed which sheriff shall, within fourteen days after the receipt thereof, cause the same to be proclaimed between the hours of ten in ffe morning and two in the afternoon, in the market-places, upot "the respective market-days of the two market-towns in the s county in which or near to the place where such offence sh have been committed, and a true copy of such order shall be affixed upon some publick place in such market-towns; and ir case such offender or offenders shall not surrender himself, hei-self, or themselves, pursuant to such order of the lord- ieutena* or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the tin* being, to be made in council as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so neglecting or refusing to surrender him, her, or themselves as aforesaid, or escaping after such surrender, shall, from the dar appointed for his, her, or their surrender as aforesaid, be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be convicted and attainted of felony, and shall suffer pains of death as in cases of a person convicted and attainted by verdict and judgement of felony, without benefit of clergy, if the offence be charged to have been committed in Ireland, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within eight leagues of the coast thereof; and it AaH and may be lawful to and for the said court of king's bench, or the justices of oyer and terminer, or general gaol-delivery forth county or place where such person or persons shall be, to award execution against such offender or offenders, in such ma if he, she, or they had been convicted and attainted in the sak. court of king's bench, or before such justices of oyer and terminer, or general gaol-delitery respectively, if the offence be charged to have been committed within Ireland, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within eight leagues of the coast thereof.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shalf and may be lawful to and for any person so neglecting or refusing to surrender himself, herself, or themselves as aforesaid, to plead ore tenus plead ore tenus in arrest of such execution, that he or she was at that he was the time of issuing such proclamation, and continued to be until the expiration of such forty days as aforesaid, out of Ireland, and shall aver that he or she did not fly for the offence wherewith he or she shall stand charged as aforesaid, and thereupon a jury shall be impannelled to try and determine such plea; and if such plea shall be found for the prisoner or prisoners, then and in such case, he, she, or they shall forthwith plead to the indictment for offence wherewith he, she, or they shall stand charged as aforesaid, and shall be tried for such offence in like manner as if he, she, or they had surrendered himself, herself, or themselves in due time after such proclamation as aforesaid.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall, after the expiration of the time appointed as aforesaid for the suneu-proclaimed der of any such offender, harbour, receive, conceal, aid, abet, or felony, punish-succour such offender, knowing him or her to have been so charged able by tranj. as aforesaid, and to have been required to surrender by such older

or

Party apprehended after time for surrender, may

out of the kingdom,

Penalty on concealing offenders

806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. xo6: 54$

r orders as aforesaid, and not to have surrendered pursuant)such order or orders, every such person being prosecuted for le same within one year after such harbouring, receiving, con-ealing, aiding, abetting, or succouring, and lawfully convicted hereof, shall be guilty of felony, and shall be transported for the pace of seven years: provided nevertheless, and it is hereby Offenders eclared, that nothing herein contained shall be.construed to eded against revent or hinder any judge, justice of the peace, magistrate, by due couj^e fficer, or minister of justice, from taking, apprehending, and ot law. ecuring any such offender, for requiring whose surrender such >rder in council shall be made as aforesaid, by the ordinary nurse of law; and if any such offender, for requiring whose urrender such order in council shall be made as aforesaid, shall*taken and secured in order to be brought to justice before the expiration of the time within which such offender shall be retired to surrender by such order in council, then and in such use, no further proceedings shall be had upon such order made n council against such offender so taken and secured as aforesaid, but such offender shall be brought to trial by due course i law.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall Penalty on

issault or beat any officer appointed by or acting under the said PP08ins

r J rr..1.P ...cerm seizing

of of customs and port-duties, or the said commis- gOOCj8y or

doners of inland excise and taxes, or any assistant of any such stroying, &c.

)fficer, in the seizing, distraining, or securing, any goods, wares, goods seized;

&r merchandize, under or by virtue of any act or acts in force in j^ond

hreland> relating to the revenues, matters, and things under the transporta-

management of the said of of customs and port- tion.

duties, or of the said of of inland excise and taxes,

ot either of them, or shall by force or violence rescue or carry

+away, or shall procure to be rescued or carried away, any such goods, wares, or merchandize after such seizure, distraining, or securing, or shall at or after such seizure, distraining, or securing, destroy or damage such goods, wares, or merchandize, or any part of them, then, and in every such case, every person so offending, being thereof legally convicted, shall for the first offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and upon failure of payment thereof shall suffer imprisonment for the space of twelve calendar months, and for the second offence shall be transported for the term of seven years.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Recognizance person shall be arrested or taken before any justice of the peace ^ha^aTwith for any offence declared to be a misdemeanour by any act or acts roigdemean-in force in Ireland, relating to the revenues, matters, and things ours, under the management of the said of of customs and port-duties, or of the said of of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, such person shall in no case be admitted to bail, unless he shall first enter into a recognizance, with two sufficient sureties, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the sum of two hundred pounds, and the sureties in one hundred pounds each, conditioned that such person shall appear at the

misdemeanours two years.

Notice of action against officers.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. [1806.

then next ensuing court of oyer and terminer, or general gaol-delivery to be holden for the county in which the offence was committed, or for which the justice before whom he shall be brought, shall act, and shall there answer and plead to asy indictment which may be found for such misdemeanour, without traversing the same $ and such recognizance shall forthwith fe transmitted to the clerk of assize, or other proper officer of da court of oyer and terminer, or gaol-delivery for such county. Limitation for

LXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person prosecuting shall be prosecuted by indictment, or otherwise, for any oeace declared to be a misdemeanour by this act, or any act or acts a force in Ireland, relating to the revenues of customs or excise, or any of the revenues under the management of the commissioners of customs and port-duties, or of the commissioners of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, unless the prosecution for such offence shall be commenced within two years next after the offence committed.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That no writ or ptocest shall be sued out against any officer or officers of customs or excise, or against any officer or officers appointed by or acting under the said of of customs and port-duties, or the said of of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, or against any person or persons acting by order, or in aid of such offia^r or officers, for any matter or thing done in the execution, or by reason of this or any other act or acts of parliament in force in Ireland, relating to the revenues, matters, and things under the management of the said of of customs and port-duties, or of the said of of inland excise and taxes, or either of them, until one calendar month next after notice in writing shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at the usual place of his or their abode, by or from the attorney or agent for the person or persons who intends or intend to sue out such writ or process as aforesaid, in which notice shall be dearly and explicitly contained and expressed the cause of action, the time when, and place where such alledged cause of action shall have accrued, the name and place of abode of the person or persons in whose name or names such action is intended to be brought, and the name and place of abode of the said attorney or agent.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such officer or officers, or other person or persons acting in his or their aid, to whom such notice shall be given as aforesaid, at any time within one calendar month after such notice shall have been given, to tender or cause to be tendered, amends to the person or persons complaining, or to his, her, or their attorney or agent; and in case such amends dull not be accepted, to plead such tender in bar to any action to be brought against him or them, grounded upon such writ of process, together with the plea of not guilty, and any other plea or pleas, with leave of the court in which such action shall be brought 5 and if upon issue joined thereon, the jury shall find the amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall

prf

Tender of amends.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. 545

e a verdict for the defendant or defendants; and in such e, or in case the plaintiff or plaintiff^ shall become nonsuited, shall discontinue such action, or in case judgement shall be en for such defendant or defendants upon denlurrer or other-le, then such defendant or defendants shall be entitled to the

z costs as he or they would have been entitled to in case he they had pleaded the general issue only; and if upon issue so led, the jury shall find that no amends were tendered, or that same were not sufficient, and also against the defendant or .? endants on such other plea or pleas, then they shall give a diet for the plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Notice 8&a9 in tiff or plaintiffs in any case where an action shall be found- contain, everf on any act done by the defendant or defendants, shall be mined to produce any evidence of any cause of such action, ept such as shall be contained in such notice to be given as resaid; nor shall any verdict be given against such defendant defendants, unless it shall be proved, on the trial of such ton, that such notice was given; and in default of such proof, defendant or defendants in such action shall have a verdict, hrecover costs as aforesaid.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Payment of

cer or officers, or other person or persons acting in his or their mone7 uAo

shall neglect to tender amends, or shall have tendered in-court*

Icient amends before the action brought, it shall and may be

ful for him or them, by leave of the court in which such

ion shall be brought, at any time before issue joined, to pay

such court such sum or sums of money as he or they shall

ak fit, whereupon such proceedings, orders, and judgements,

II be had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other

ions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

[4XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any action Limitation of

mit shall be brought and commenced against any person oractions for

sons for any matter or thing by him or them done in themajters ^one.r  y, t t r*j under revenue

CUtion or by reason of any act or acts in force in Ireland^ acts#

[ting to the revenues, matters, and things under the manage-

at of the said of of customs and port-dutie9, or the said of of inland excise and taxes, or either

hem, such action or suit shall be commenced within three

mdar months after the alledged cause of action shall accrue,

shall be laid in the proper county where 9uch alledged

se of actum shall have arisen, and the defendant or defendants

such action may plead the general issue; or in case the action  General

It be an action of replevin, may avow generally that he or Issue;  Tips*

y took the goods in the declaration mentioned, as an officerhkeotfs;

officers appointed by or acting under the said of

rdstoms and port-duties, or the 4aid of of inland

(se'and taxes, as the case may be, and may give such act or

Ij, ' aid the special matter ill Evidence, at any trial to be had

seem, and that the saine was done in pursuance of and by

Sifrity of such act or acts; and if a verdict shall pass for the

OL. XLVI. M K

Notice by defendant of producing any record.

Notice of trial in all such actions.

54$ Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106.

[1I0L

defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintifii dpf become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their actkxi prosecution, or if judgement shall be given against such plaitty or plaintiffs upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defeadaqfi or defendants shall have treble costs against such plaintiff^ plaintiffs: provided always, that such officer or officers, I. their attorney or attornies, shall, at least fourteen days I such trial, in case such officer or officers shall on such trs any record or records in evidence, give notice in writing plaintiff, or his or her attorney, what record or records he 1 intend to give in evidence on such trial.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all sucbl and actions for any matter or thing done in the execution reason of any act or acts in force in Ireland, relating to the nues, matters, and things under the jpauagement of the j of of customs and port-duties, or of the said < missioners of inland excise and taxes, the plaintiff or plau in every such suit or action, shall give notice of trial at I twenty days before the trial of any such action or suf defendant or defendants, or his or their attorney or and that in like manner if the trial of any such suit or shall be brought on by proviso, the like notice shall be j'such defendant or defendants to the plaintiff or his or their attorney or attornies.

LXXV. And whereas it is necessary that the said < of customs and port-duties, and the said commissioners of excise and taxes respectively, should be enabled to take lands and ments for building houses, offices, warehouses, lighthouses, houses, or other accommodations fir the business of the

phixxtifi|;

Commis-

taSsai^enacted, That it shall be lawful for all persons, bodies excise em* ant* corporate, tenants in tail, tenants for life, infants

powered to take lands forlight-houses.

guardians, and the guardians and committees of li idoits, femes Covert with their husbands, by leases or dented and enrolled, to demise for any term of rears Majesty, or to the said of respectively for the being, or to such person or persons as the said cor respectively, or any three of them respectively, shall trust, and to and for the use of his Majesty, any lands/sot ceeding in any one place six acres, plantation-measure, vritf tenements thereon, together with such passage or road si be necessary to such buildings, not exceeding twenty-one in breadth, without iine or other consideration, save dd| yearly rent reserved: provided always, that if such land bSj part of any fair, green, or market-place, or ^yithin the ppe$j of any city, town corporate, borough, or manor, havii^ a* to return citizens or burgesses to parliament, or of any pier, or any part of any towrf or village actually built 

1 part of a demesne, or of any lawn, garden, oreba planted walk, or avenue to a house, or of any pack ot for deer, not more of such land sbiajl be demised, {bant S lutely necessary for such purposes as aforesaid: '*1 '

G6ole

6.] Annartgni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106. ^47

no officer or officers, or other person or persons, residing r inhabiting, such lands or tenements so taken, shall have, ire, or exercise any right of voting for members to serve in iment, for or by reason of such inhabiting or residence.

[XVI. And, in case ary person or persons shall refuse to demise lands or tenements as aforesaid, for the jmrpose of building owes only, to the said of of customs and port duties, the said of of inland excise and taxes respectively, or h person or persons as the said of respectively, for me being, or any three of them respectively, shall appoint, or e any difference concerning the rent for any lands or tenements arise between the persons interested therein and the Said com* mers respectively, or the person or persons to be appointed as aid; be it enacted, That the said of re-Power for rvely, or such person or persons so appointed as aforesaid, compelling ipply to the justices of assize at the next general assizes P?"80118^ holden for the respective counties, towns, and cities where grounds shall respectively lie; or, in case such grounds lie in the county of Dublifi, or county of the city of Dublin, the said of respectively, or such persons may r to the chairman of the sessions of the peace at the next -ral session or adjournment thereof, to be held in and for the county, or to the recorder of the county of the city of in, as the case may be; and the justices of the said assizes, airman of the said sessions, or recorder respectively, shall, application, cause a jury to be then and there impannelled re sheriff of such county, and cause such jury to be sworn and truly to assess the value of such lands or tenements, the rent to be given for the same, to the respective pro-Mrs and occupiers thereof, according to their respective jsts therein, and the respective parties shall have their ll challenges: and the said jury, being so sworn, shall, after nee on oath given to them, by their verdict, ascertain the to be paid for such lands or tenements to the respective rietors and occupiers thereof, according to their respective ests therein, and the said justices or chairman, or recorder iptively, shall give judgement thereon, which verdict and ement shall be conclusive, and finally bind all parties; and such verdict and judgement, the said of, or such >n, or persons as they or any three of them shall appoint, shall and enjoy such lands or tenements for the use of his sty, during such term as the said of shall judge wary for the purposes aforesaid, paying for the same such yfent as shall be adjudged in manner aforesaid; and all to be awarded by any jury for such lands or tenements, be duly paid by the collectors of the districts in which the respectively lie, to the persons entitled to receive the same: djsd always, that notice in writing shall be served upon the >n or persons interested in such lands or tenements, or left9or their last place of abode* thirty days at least before the assizes or sessions of the peace, or adjournment. thereof, n n 2 c ( specifying

54*

Security for smuggled goods declared void as between the parties.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. q. 106. [1806.

specifying the lands and tenements intended to be valued, and that application will be made to the justices, chairman, or recorder aforesaid, as the case may be, to have such lands and tenement* valued as aforesaid, and that due proof be made at such asstzsf or sessions of the service of such notice.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every coattic^ note, bill, bond, judgement, mortgage, or other security ever, entered into, made, given, or executed by any person or persons, where the whole or any part of the consideration of any such security shall be for any goods, wares, or merchanlb^ subject and liable to any duty on the importation thereof, or any duty of excise, or to any <iuty whatever, under the manaj ment of the said of of customs and port-duties, or the said of of inland excise and taxes, or either them, and on which such duties shall not be fully paid or fied, or which shall have been illegally imported, shad, between the parties to any such security, and as to all and ev< person and persons having notice that any such security wa entered into, made, given, or executed for goods, wares, or mer chandize. the duties on which were not fully paid or samed or which were illegally imported, be utterly void to all inte; and purposes whatsoever.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every case h be^ccemed^ an oath or affidavit is by this act, or any other

in lieu of an force in Ireland, relating to the revenues, matters, and t&kigi under the management of the said of of customs and port-dudes, or of the said of of inland excise zni taxes, or either of them, required to be taken or subscribed, ii the person required to take or subscribe rite same shall be a knows Quaker; then and in every such case the officer or officers, et* powered by law to administer such oath, or to take such affidavit shall, in lieu thereof, administer and receive the solemn affirm* tion of such known Quaker; any act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases any affidavit, oath, or affirmation, is by this act or any act or act in force in Ireland, relating to the revenues, matters, and thing powered so to under the management of the said of of customs am do. Penalties port-duties, or of the said of of inland excise mi

Quaker's af-

duth.

Officers required to administer oaths, em-

ail perjury.

taxes, or either of them, required and directed to be taken subscribed, or to be administered or received, it shall and mi; be lawful for the officer or other person or persons by or befon whom such oath or affirmation is required to be administered taken, or subscribed, and such officer or other person or persons is and are hereby authorised, empowered, and required, to admi* nister and receive such oath or affirmation accordingly j and if any person who shall take or subscribe any such oath or affirmation, shall wilfully and knowingly swear or affirm falsely therrin* every such person, being duly convicted thereof, shall suffer At pains and penalties tx> which persotis guilty of wilful and coing penury are or shall be subject by any law in foiwjfrfcJEjjqi

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 106.'

d if any person shall corruptly procure or suborn any other rson ctr persons to swear or affirm falsely m any such oath,

Mavit, or affirmation, every such person, being duly convicted such procuring or suborning, shall, for every such offence,

: ur and suffer such penalties, forfeitures, pains, and disabilities, persons, convicted of subornation of perjury are respectively bfe unto by any law in force in Ireland.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every es, penalties, and forfeitures, inflicted by this act, or any other nue UwVthall or acts in force in Ireland, relating to the revenues, matters, be payable in i things under the management of the said of of British cur-feoms and port-duties, or of the said of of inland ^verable im rise and taxes, or either of them, shall he paid and recovered der this act British currency; and shall and may be sued for, recovered, (see sect. 8, 9) i levied, and applied in such manner and form, and by $uchCU8tms and ys and means, and with such powers and authorities, as are"a^C.^ scribed, directed, and appointed by this act, or in and by the*

act made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fourteenth and feenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles f Second, intituled An act for settling of the excise or new impost tit his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the book of ifs therein inserted\ or in and by the said act of parliament made Ireland in the said fourteenth and fifteenth years of his said Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for settling suhstdie of poundage, and granting a subsidie of tunnage and other ns of money unto his royal Majestie3 his heirs and successors, the ne to be paid upon merchandizes imported and exported into or out of: kingdom of Irelands according to a book of rates hereunto annexed\ in and by any other act or acts in force in Ireland, relating to f said revenues, matters, and things, or either of them, as fully I effectually, to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if)same were particularly mentioned and expressed, and related in this act; with like remedy of appeal to and for the fcy or parties who shall think him, her, or themselves grieved or injured, as is provided in and by the said act of rise, or by this act, or by any other act or acts in force intend, relating to the said revenues, matters, and things, or tier of them.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, Forfriturea [ forfeitures, incurred, and all offences whatsoever committed pte the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight committeci ttdred and six, under any act or acts in force in Ireland at the before Sep-je of the passing of this act, relating to the revenues of customs tember o, f port-duties, or to the revenues of inland excise and taxes re- woceeded. for ctrvely, and all trials and informations relating to such penal- under existing k fines, forfeitures, and offences, shall be recovered, and shall acts, heard, tried, and determined, and proceeded in, in such manner same might have been recovered, heard, tried, determined,

proceeded m, if this act had not been had or made; and that \ several acts relating to the said revenues, or either of them, in pe ia Ireland at the time of the passing s to

all

Commencement of the act,

all such fines, penalties, forfeitures, and offences, trials, and informations, be and continue in force until such fines, peaalds, and forfeitures shall be recovered, and until such offences shd be finally heard, tried, and determined, according to the vm-sions, directions, and regulations, in the said acts, or any of t&s respectively contained*

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall coa* mence and take effect upon and from the twenty-ninth hr i September one thousand eight hundred and she.

CAP. CVII.

An act for rectifying mistakes in the names of the of appata by an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An sets appointing of for putting into execution an act of tfl session of parliament, for continuing and granting to his Majesty, add on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, and certain den on sugar, majt, tobacco, add snuff, in Great Britain, for the service of ll year one thousand eight hundred and five; and an act made in thetUft eighth year of his present Majesty, for granting an aid to his Majesty ( a land-tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the yearo thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for appointing geb of, together with those named in the first mentioned act, I put in execution an act of this session of parliament, for condnaing a granting to his Majesty, a duty on pensions, offices, and persne estates, in England, and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and sra in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight Juredrr and six, also the said act made in the thirty-eighth year of fats frttei Majesty; and for indemnifying such persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said acts.

[July 16, 1806.]

CAP. CVIII.

An act for the relief of certain insolvent debtors.

[July 21, 1806.]

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the great prejudice end detrif % c which occasional acts of insolvency may produce to trade credit, it may be convenient, in the present condition of the pr'mm cr gaols in this kingdom, that some of the prisoners who are now czfr-therein should beset at liberty s be it therefore enacted by the&ng most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of tl lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present pi ^ers to Kament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, fro^Hats and after the passing of this act, all and every keeper or gaoler of prisoners in any prison, in any county, riding, division, city, town, place, their custody, liberty, within this kingdom, shall, and is and are hereby requir* to make a true, exact, and perfect list, alphabetically, of the nan, or naipes of all and every person or persons, who. upon the fii day of February one thousand eight hundred and six, was were, or have since continued to be under the terms and cooi tions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out evety sit list shall be really an actual prisoner or prisoners, in the pastpb of any keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, of any prim r* spectively, upon any process whatsoever, for or by reason of is debt, damage, costs, sum or sums of money, or contempt for jno payment of money j and an account of the time when such prisoner or prisoners was or were respectively charged in custohr

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. IK. c. 10S. 55r

received in prison, together with the name or namesof the

arson or persons at whose suit or prosecution such prisoner or isoners is or are detained, together with the amount of such fas aa the said prisoner or prisoners are detained for; and shall dhrerthe same to the justices of the peace, at their first or L

cond general quarter-session, or general session of the peace,

be. held after the passing of this act, or at some adjournment ereof, for such county, riding, city, division, town, place, or lerty respectively,

II. And be it further enacted, That die warden of his Ma- Ktper cf sty's prison of the Fleet, and marshal of the King's Bench mo n, and every other keeper and gaoler of any other prison in th^ddircrm fy place or liberty 4n this kingdom, shall severally, on the de-list*.

Bering in of any such list of prisoners in their respective custody, ' be an oath, in the open court of such general quarter-session or vneral session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, to the Beet following; {that is to say),

f* yf.J?. upon my corporal oath; in the presence of Almighty Oath. JL God, do solemnly swear, profess, and declare. That all and say person and persons, whose name or names is or are inserted ltd contained in the first part of the list by me now delivered in id subscribed, was or were, to the best of my knowledge and iBef^ upon thfe first day of February one thousand eight hundred td six, really and truly prisoners in actual custody, in the prison F [insert the name of the prison J, at* the suit or suits of the several arson or persons therein respectively mentioned; and also that i and every person and persons whose name or names is or are netted or contained in the second part of the said list now f me delivered in and subscribed as aforesaid, have, since the lid.'first day of February one thousand eight hundred and six, sett committed or surrendered to the said prison, [insert the me tfthe prison], at the suit or suits of the several person or ersons therein respectively mentioned; and that the person or arsons whose name or names is or are therein contained, was id were, to the best of my knowledge and belief, really and illy prisoners in actual custody on the said first day of February,

) appears by the returns made to me on his and their respective omtaitments.

So help me GOD.

Finch the said justices, at their first or second general quarter-Oath to be ssion or general session aforesaid, or at some adjournment iereof, within their respective jurisdictions, are hereby em* open owered and required to administer in open court; and rile raids of the said oath, hereinbefore directed to be taken by the lid warden and marshal respectively, and other keeper or gaoler f affjr prison respectively, shall be entered or written at the or bottom of the list which shall be delivered in by them wpectively, and shall be subscribed, and sworn to by them respectively

55. Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 108.

respectively in open court* and every such list, which ftbiik hnii delivered in, subscribed, and sworn to, in pursuance of this nit shall be kept by the clerk of the peace, town-clerk, or othr officer acting as clerk of the peace, of every such county, ridiar

division, city, town, place, or liberty respectively, in which anpogk list as aforesaid shall be sworn to, for the better satisfaction of the*., said justices, and information of all or any prisoner or prions therein named, and so as the same may, from time to time, hsl seen and examined by any creditor or creditors, or prisoner R, prisoners, without fee or reward.

III. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforaad*. Copies of lists That all and every keeper or gaoler, keepers or gaolers, of to be fixed up Such prison or gaol, is and are hereby required, ten days faredriiveast before ^rst or second general quarter-session or generj to the sesSi-, session of the peace shall be held after the passing of this tti^ ons. for the county, riding, city, division, town, place, or liberty, a

which any prison or gaol shall be, or to which the same sh I belong, to fix up in some conspicuous place or places inev.y such prison or gaol, and at the most frequented and usual g u door, or entrance into every such prison or gaol, three or mace true copie* of the list or lists proposed or intended to be vered in by any such keeper or gaoler at the said general quart m sessions, or at some adjournment thereof.

Prisoners for

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every parse what sum to anc1 persons who, on the first day of February one thoesai I be discharged, eig}lt hundred and six, were charged in any prison or gaol for the non-payment of any debt or debts, sum or sums of money, which did not in the whole, amount to a greater sum than one thousand five hundred pounds, and whose name or names $h 1 be inserted in any such list to be delivered in as aforesaidL taking the oaths hereby directed to be taken, and who shall pern form, on his or her part, what is required to be done by him r her by this act, shall, as to his person and effects respective r, be for ever released, discharged, and exonerated, to such ext it and in such manner as is herein after provided, and no others wise. I

Lists to be kept by the clerk of the peace, and examined gratis.

sessions.

Justices may V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may bel on prisoners lawful for any justice or justices of the peace of any countyj schedules riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within thiskr* issue warrants dom, upon the petition of any such prisoner or prisoners to inj to bring them justice or justices of the peace, within his or their respective to the quarter-jurisdictions, upon every such prisoner or prisoners so petition g, and, at the time of his or her so petitioning, leaving with : justice or justices of the peace so petitioned, a true copy rf the schedule, containing his or her intended discovery of his or her real and personal estate, to be sworn to at the first or secca^ general quarter-session next ensuing after every such pendcs, or some adjournment thereof, by warrant under his hand and] seal, or unde^ their bands and seals, to require the sheriff at sheriffs, keeper or gaolers of any such prison, within the jam-.*dictioil

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. ttot. 555

lictkm of any such justice or justice*, to'bring before'th# uttices at the first or second next g.nmf <juarter-8e89km or general session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to b6 teki, as the case shall happen to ta} next after the expiration if ten days from the date of such warrant, ' for such respective xranty, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, the bddf i any person being in the said prison as aforesaid, with the varrant or warrants of his or her detainer, together with'* 66*copies of the cause or erases which he, she, ot they, is or art*

: harged with in any prison or gaol as aforesaid, at the tiiTte dbresaid} for which copy or copies of such cause or causes^ such prisoner shall apply to the said keeper or gaoler tif such sison, or to 'the clerk of the papers, Or other person who shall Bake out and transcribe the same, at least six days brfort-'tHS ime of his or her appearance} which warranted every justice or justices, every such sheriff and sheriff, keeper Or ga61ef, is md are hereby commanded to obey.

VI. And whereas considerable time mag intervene the

nasiag of this act and the next general or general

Session of the peace, which would be the means of detaining in prison

I number of persons who, with their fam, are in the greatest

Sstress; be it further enacted, That it shall and ma/B6 lawful For holding a

for any two or more of the justices of the peace for any county, special e-

acting, division, city, town, place, or liberty, upon' petition, ion*

from debtors as aforesaid, to assemble their respective courts as

then. as may be after passing this act, for the purpose of ad*

Itoimtering the oaths, and other the matters required by this let, and to appoint such day or dap for the discharge of prisoners as they shall see proper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the copy of every such Schedules to schedule which shall be left or delivered in as aforesaid, shall remain with be and remain wkh the clerk of the peace, town-clerk, or other clerk officer acting as clerk of the peace for the county, riding, divi* e peace* lion, city, town, place, or liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, there to remain and be inspected from time to'time, as occasion shall require, by any creditor of act, such V \ prisoner who shall desire to inspect the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every debtor Debtors in-and debtors confined in any gaol of that part Of the uiiited tending to'kingdom called England Or Wales*) who shall intend to apply to aPP^8' be discharged and exonerated under this act as aforesaid, shall ua

first cause pubkek notice to be inserted in three several London the gazette. Qaxdttef) previous to such general or quarter-session or general session, or the adjournment thereof, at which such application skaH be made; and if such debtor shall be*in custody in any itch gaol out of London at the weekly bills Of mortality, or tult have moved himself by habeas corpus;, from one gaol to mother, then also in some newspaper which shall be published In or near the County, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, in the gaol whereof he or she shall be or have been sd in

custody*;

e

Debtors to deliver schedules to the gaol4r previous to the first notice.

custody; and in like mariner all and every debtor and debtor* confined in any gaol of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, who shall intend to apply to be discharged and eione- j rated under this act, shall first cause publick notice to be inserted in three several D iblln Gazettes, previous to such general or quarter-session, or general session, or the adjournment thereof, at which such application shall be made, and if such debtor shall be in custody in any gaol out of Dublin, or the county of Dubvty or shall have moved himself by habeas corpus from one gaol D another, then also in some newspaper in or near the coumy, city, town, or liberty, in the gaol whereof he or she shall be or have been so in custody; containing the name, trade, occupation, and description, and the two last places of abode, if so many, of every such debtor and debtors, and the prison wherein he, she, or they, is or are confined, and of his, her, or their intention to take the benefit of this act, and mentioning such notice in such gazette or newspaper respectively, to be the first, second, or third notice, according to the time of publishing each of such notices: for the inserting eadi of the said notices in the Lvd^ or Dublin Gazette, or in any other newspaper, there shall be paid each time, by every prisoner, the sum of four-pence and no more; the first of which said notices shall be so inserted in tie said gazettes respectively, and in the s.aid other newspapers, as the case may require, twenty-one days, at the least, and tie last of the said notices, six days at the least before any such first or second general quarter-session, or general session, or adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid, so that as well all the creditors who have not charged the said debtor or debtors in custody, as those creditors who have charged such debtor or debtors in execution, or on mesne process, or otherwise, may have sufficient notice thereof.

IX. Andy to the intent that all creditors may have full and sufficient time to consider the matters and things contained in the sekeidt or schedules intended to be delivered in by any debtor or debtors; be it further enacted, That every such debtor, when he or she shall (according to the directions of this act) publish the first notice of an intention to take the benefit of this act, he or she shall, in such notice, declare that the schedule containing his or her intended discovery of his or her real and personal estate (to be sworn to in manner as by this act is directed) is lodged in the hands of the keeper or gaoler, or the deputy of such keeper or gaoler, of the prison wherein any such debtor shall be confined; and every such debtor is hereby directed and required tc deliver such schedule to such keeper or gaoler, or deputy, as the case may be, before he shall publish such first notice as aforesaid, signed with his or her own Christian and surname, to be attested by any such keeper, gaoler, or deputy; and in case any debtor shall neglect or refuse to deliver one such schedule to such keeper, gaoler, or deputy, prior to such his first notice to be given as aforesaid, he or she, upon due proof made ,f such neglect, to the satisfaction of the court to which such

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 108. i

debtor shall make application, shall be remanded back to prison, there to remain until he or she shall have complied with the directions aforesaid; and every such keeper, gaoler, or deputy, is hereby directed and required to attest the signature of the debtor's name to such schedule, and to receive the same into his custody and charge, giving a duplicate thereof to everyuch debtor, with an acknowledgement of his having received the original; and he is hereby further required to deliver a true copy of any such schedule, signed by himself, upon request made to him by any creditor for that purpose, in writing $ such copy to be delivered to the creditor himself, or to such person as be shall appoint to receive the same, within three days after demand made; and if any sqch keeper, gaoler, or deputy* shall neglect or refuse to conform to the directions hereby given him respecting such schedule, every such keeper, gaoler, or deputy, so offending, shall be punished.

X. And be it further enacted, That the notices to be given by every debtor, in manner directed by this act, shall be to the effect following j (that is to say, )

1 T [insert the name, trade, occupation, Form of

JL and description, and the two last places of abode, if so many], notice, now confined in [insert the name of the

prison, and county,] and not being charged in custody on the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and six, with any debt or debts, sum or sums of money, exceeding in the whole the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds, do hereby give this, [first, second, or third,] publick notice, that I intend to take the benefit of an act passed in the forty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, [here set forth the title of this act, and if it be the first notice, then add] and I do hereby give notice, that a true and perfect schedule, containing a discovery of all my real and personal estate, hereafter to be sworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any creditor applying for the same to the keeper or gaoler, or his deputy, of the said prison.'

And every such notice shall be signed by the debtor, and countersigned by the keeper or gaoler, or deputy of such keeper or gaoler, of such prison.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such debtor as Debtors prov. aforesaid, not being charged as aforesaid, on the said first day ing that of February one thousand eight hundred and six, with any debt or debts, sum or sums of money, in the whole to a greater shall, in open amount than the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds, court, deliver who shall apply to the general or quarter-session, or any adjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon oath, or by producing the said three gazettes and newspapers respect oath, tively before mentioned, to the said justices at any such session, or the adjournment thereof, that such notices were inserted in the London and Dublin Gazettes, and other newspapers respectively, as were required in manner aforesaid, and that the person or persons sp applying was or were actually ^prisoner

ss. Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 108. [1806.

or prisoners on the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and six, in the prison or gaol in which his, her, or their name or names is or are specified in the list delivered in at such first or second session, or any adjournment thereof, or in some other prison or gaol as aforesaid, in pursuance of this act, and shall in open court, at the said general quarter-session Of general session, or any adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true schedule or account of all his or her real estate, in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, and of any other nature and hind whatsoever, uud also the whole of his or her personal estate, which he or she, or any person or persons in trust* for him or her, or for his or her use, benefit, or advantage, is or are seised of, interested in, or entitled to, or was or were in his, her, or their possession, custody, or power* or which he, she, or they, or such person or persons had any power of disposing of or charging for his, her, or their benefit or advantage, at any time since his or her commitment to prison, with the names of his or her several debtors, and where they respectively live or may be met with; and the several sums of money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due, and are secshred, and if bj mortgage, specialty, contract, note, or other writing, then name and names, and places of abode, of the several witnesM who can prove such debts Or contracts (if there be any stuff and shall also make oath and swear ta the following according to the special circumstances, so far as the same shall be consistent with the provisions herein after contained \ (that is to say,) -

Oath. 4 T A. F. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty

X God, do solemnly swear, protest, and declare, That on the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and six, I was really and truly a prisoner, in the actual custody of in the^prison or gaol of at the suit of

without any fraud or collusion whatsoever; and that I hare tfVdr since my commitment continued a prisoner within the prison of in the actual custody of the

keeper or gaoler of the said prison of [#r

mentioning some other prison y as the ease may fe,] or within the liberties thereof, at the suit of and without

*any fraud or'collusion whatsoever; and that the schedule now delivered by me, and subscribed, doth contain, to the best of viny knowledge, remembrance, and belief, a full, just, true, and perfect account and discovery of all the goods, effects, and estates, ml and personal, in possession, reversion, remainder, ifr expectancy, and of every other nature and kind whatsoever, which I, or any person in trust for me, or for my benefit or advantage, are seised or possessed of interested in, or entitled -to, or wasr 0? were in my possession, custody, or power, or in the possession, custody, or power of any such person as afere-laid, or wfikh 1 of such person J4 any power of disposing of

or

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 108.

n charging for my benefit or advantage, at any time since my commitment to prison, and of all debts to me owing, or to ally jerscm or persons in trust for me, and of all the securities and contracts whereby any money now is, or will or may hereafter >ecome payable, or any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, w to my use, or to any person or persons in trust forme, and the names and places of abode of the several persons from rhora such debts are due and owing, and of the witnesses that tan prove such debts or contracts, [if any such there be j] and tat neither I, nor any other person or persons in trust for me, jr my use, have any lands, money, stock, or any estate, real or personal, in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, or tf any nature or kind soever, or power of disposing of, or charging for my benefit or advantage, other than wiat are in the nid schedule contained, except wearing apparel and bedding for myself and family, working tods, and necessary implements for my occupation and calling, together with a sum of xvppey wt exceeding five pounds, and these in the whole not exceeds ing the value of thirty pounds 5 and that I have not, nor any fdfson for me hath, directly or indirectly, sold, lessened, or thetwise conveyed, disposed of in trust, or concealed, all or tfty part of my lands, money, goods, chattels, stock, debts, securities, contracts, or estates, real or personal^ whereby to ttcore the same, or to receive or expect any profit pr 'ad* umtage therefrom, or with in intent to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors to whom I am or was indebted in anywise howsoever.

So help me GOD.*

And the said schedule and oath shall be, by every such debtor. Schedule and

wbseribed in the presence of the justices in open session of the oath to be

peace, as hereby directed, and shall be kept by, and remain

with the clerk of the peace, town-clerk, or other officer acting

as clerk of the peace, for the county, city, liberty, division,

town, or place, where the same shall be subscribed and taken,

for die' better information of all the creditors of such debtor

who shall desire or may have occasion to resort thereto, and

erery such creditor shall be at liberty, at seasonable times in the

day^fime, to peruse and examine the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the justices of the peace wifliin their respective jurisdictions, at any such general t^'a-editor, quarter-session or general session, or adjournment thereof, at may examine the request of any creditor or creditors of any such debtor, are gaolers on hereby authorised so cause the deputy-warden and marshal of oat*x* the Fleet and King's Bench prison, or any other under-officer, tipstaff, and turnkey of any prison or gad, and any other person, within their respective jurisdictions, to come before them, and to examine them respectively on oath touching any of the matters contained in any of the oaths prescribed by thi? art to bjf$keh, and the truth thereof*, and if the oath which shift

Estate and effects of debtor discharged, vested in the clerk of the

558 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. C.

have been taken in open court by any debtor or debtors, shitf not be disproved by good testimony of any credible person w persons on oath, and such justices, or the major part of them present at any such general quarter-session or general session, or any adjournment thereof, shall be satisfied with the trtth 0 of the oath taken by such respective debtor, then such justice* shall, in such session, or some adjournment thereof, adjrige such debtor or debtors to be entitled to the benefit of this jfX\ and shall order the said sheriff or sheriffs, keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, of such prison or prisons, forthwith to set it liberty such prisoner or prisoners and every such order shall be a sufficient discharge to the sheriff or sheriffs, keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, of such prison or prisons, and shall indemnify him or them against any escape or escapes, action or actions whatsoever for escape, which skill or may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, against him or them.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the estate, right, title, interest, and trust, of suck debtor of, in, and unto, all the real estate, as well freehold wd copyhold as customary, and to all the personal estate, debts, and effects of every such debtor, shall, immediately aiu* such adjudication, be, and the same is hereby vested in the clerk of the peace, who is peace, town-clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, samrio^uch anc^or t^ie county, riding, city, town corporate, difiAm,

creditors as liberty, or place, where any debtor shall be respecthrely&-the court charged; and every such clerk of the peace, towp-cleix, or shall direct in other officer acting as clerk of the peace, is hereby directed ind trust. required to make an assignment and conveyance of every such

debtor's estate and effects, vested in such clerk of the peace, town-clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid, to such creditor or creditors of the said debtor, as the justices, at any general or quarter-session of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective jurisdictions, shall order and direct, which assignment and conveyance shall be good and effectual in the law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without bong wrote on parchment or paper stamped, to vest the estates thereby assigned and conveyed in the party or parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, according to the estate and interest the debtor had therein; and everywch assignment and conveyance shall be in trust for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every such debtor to whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the creditors of every such debtor, in respect of, or in proportion to, their respective debts; and every person or persons to whom- any such assignment^ conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby folly empowered to sue, from time to time, as there may be occasion, in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and attaining

559

in debtor*'*

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. C. 408.

staining any estate or effects of any such debtor, and also to cecute any trust or power rested in, or created for the use or enefit of any such debtor, but in trust for the benefit of him or leraselyes, and the rest of the creditors of every such debtor, act to give such discharge and discharges to any person or ergons whp shall respectively be indebted to such debtor, as lay be requisite, and every such assignee or assignees shall, Assignees to rich all convenient speed, after his or their accepting.such ssignment or conveyance, use his and their best endeavours to eceive and get in the estate and effects of every such debtor, nd shall, with all convenient speed* make sale of all the estates f such debtor vested in such assignee or assignees5 and if such ebtor shall be interested in or entitled to any real estate, either I possession, reversion, or expectancy, the same, within the pace of two months after such assignment and conveyance, hall be sold by publick auction, in such manner, and at such >lace, as die major part of the creditors of any such debtor, eho shall assemble together on any notice in w&ting, published q the London Gazette, or in some daily paper, if the debtor lefore his going to prison resided in London, or in the weekly nils of 'mortality, or if in Dublin, or the county of Dublin, in he Dublin GazeUe, ox in some daily paper printed and published

L Dublin, and if elsewhere, then in some newspaper which 11, be published in or near the county, riding, division, city, own, liberty, or plate, in which such debtor dwelled before he or, she was committed to prison, thirty days before any such tale shall be made, shall, under his hand, or their hands, agree on* and every such assignee or assignees, at the end of three and to make months at farthest from the time of his or their accepting any dividends, tych assignment or conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a fair and just dividend of all such debtor's estate and effects, which shall have been then recovered, amongst his or her creditors.

In proportion and in regard to each creditor's respective debt 5 but before any such dividend shall be made, such assignee or assignees shall make up an account of such debtor's estate, and make oath in writing, before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, or division, town, liberty;, or plac*, in which any such debtor shall have been discharged, 'that every such account contains a salt, nd just Account of the estate and effects of every such debtor got in by or for such assignee or assignees, and of all payments made in respect thereof, and that all payments in every such account charged, were truly and bona fide made and paid \ and notice of the Notice of making of every such dividend shall be pubUsbecl in like making divi* manner as a meeting of the creditors is hereinbefore directed d.ends to be to be published, thirty days at least before the same shall belven# made \ and no creditor shall be allowed <to receive any share of Such dividend, until he shall have made out the justness and identity of his debt by oath, or due proof in* writing, before flomuU<di justice or justices; and if any creditor of such debtor shall be dissatisfied with ^he reality or fairness of any debt

claimed

j$6o Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c; toft. [r806. i

claimed by any other creditor, their the same, at the request of any such creditor or creditors so dissatisfied, shall be examined into by the justices of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place, in which such debtor shall have been adjudged to have been entitled to the benefit of this act, at their next general or quartet-session, or some adjournment thereof, and win* they shall there determine in the premises, shall be conclusive Surpluseffeety to all parties $ and if, after payment of all such debtor's* S*ven to creditors, there shall any of his estate and effects remain,) after the debtor, payment of all reasonable charges, the same shall be paid tt such debtor, his executors or administrators.

Creditors for

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all annuities and every creditor and creditors of any debtor who shall be di$-payable at any charged by virtue of this act, for any sum or sums of money tcfraeive* payable by way of annuity, or otherwise, at any future time or dividends as times, by virtue of any bond, covenants, or other securities of under a com- any nature whatever, may be and shall be entitled to be admission of niitted a creditor or creditors, and may and shall be entitled P c* to receive a dividend or dividends of the estate of such debtor, in such manner, and upon such terms and conditions, as sudt creditor or creditors wouLtMfave been entitled unto by the lavs now in force, if such debtor had become bankrupt, and without prejudice in future to their respective securities, otherwise than as the same would have been affected by a proof made in respect thereof by the creditor under a commission of bankrupt, and a certificate obtained by the bankrupt under such commission.

XV. Andy for obviating any doubts which may otherwise arise how far the several powers and authorities, by this act vested m er given to clerks of the peace, may be lawfully done, exercised\ or per* formedy by the deputy or deputies of the clerk of the peace fer the county palatine ^'Lancaster, (the said office of clerk of the peace for the said county of Lancaster being held by letters-patent from His Majesty, with the power of executing the same by deputy or depth

Powers of theties;,) be it further enacted and declared, That all conveyances clerk of the and assignments of the estate and effects of any debtor or county of debtors, and all other acts, deeds, matters, and things which Lancaster, to shall be done, exercised, or performed, in the execution of this extend to his act by any deputy or deputies of the clerk of the peace for Uie deputies. said county palatine of Lancaster, or by the person or persons who, for the time being, shall exercise and perform the trusts I and duties of the said office within and for the said county palatine, shall be of the same force, validity, and effect, in fee law, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been done, executed, and performed, by the clerk of the peace of the mid county palatine of Lancaster, for the time being. 11 u

XVI. Andy to the intent that no loss may arise to any credited or creditors from any neglect or omission in the schedule, not containing^ whole of the estate, real or personal, belonging to any debtor who sfdl apply for Jtis or her discharge, under the authority of this act; b^it

Estates of enacted, That all the estate, whether real or personal, whfh

debtors not shall belong to any debtor or debtors, and of which he, she, loir

kiserUU mthe

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 108. 561

they shall be actually possessed or entitled unto at the time of schedule to be making such schedule, shall be deemed and taken to be part of v1e8t5c^ j.nhe the estate contained in such schedule, though not inserted peace?* therein, and shall in like ftianner become vested in the clerk of v the peace, town-clerk, or other officer acting as such, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been contained in such schedule, and had been delivered into the court according to the directions of this act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person Holders of holding any security whatsoever, for which such debtor never securities received any valuable consideration, shall be entitled to receive ^erationnot any benefit from the estate of such debtor, unless the person entitled to'any holding such security shall make it appeal1, to the satisfaction benefit.

of the justices at some general or quarter-session, or adjournment thereof, that he or she became possessed of the 6ame % bonaside, and for good or valuable consideration.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of Estates to vest the death or removal of any clerk of the peace, town-clerk, or In the clerk other officer acting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid, in whom

the estate, right, title, interest, or trust, of any debtor or debtors being, shall have vested by the authority of this act, every such estate, right, title, interest, and trust, shall become vested in the successor or successors to every such clerk of the peace, town-clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid respectively, as the case may be, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, under the provisions of this act.

XIX. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no suit No suit in^ in equity shall be commenced by any assignee or assignees of equity with-anjr such debtor's estate and effects, without the consent of the0!?* fons^.nt major part in value of the creditors of such debtor, who shall meet together pursuant to a notice to be given, at least ten days creditors, before such meeting, in the London Gazette, or other newspaper

which shall be published in the neighbourhood of the last residence of such debtor or debtors for that purpose.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the clerk of the peace, town-clerk, or other officer acting Schedules to

as clerk of the peace, for every respective county, city, and he productd

county-town, and county, riding, division, cinque-port, liberty,

and place, with whom any schedule of the estates of any in- creditors!

solvent debtor or debtors shall be left, and his successors, clerks of the peace, town-clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable request of any creditor or creditors of such insolvent debtor or debtors, or his or their attorney, produce and shew to such creditor or creditors, or his or their attorney, in the day-time, the schedule of the estate of any such insolvent debtor or debtors, which shall be left with any such clerk of the peace, town-clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or his predecessor in that office; and that a true copy of every such schedule, signed by the clerk of the peace, town-clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, in whose custody the same shall be, or his

V.oL. XLVI. Oo Goog deputy,

562 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 108. [1806.

Assigns to compound with lords of manors for copyhold estate*.

The debtor's right alone to be affected by this act.

Mortgages to take place of claims of an inferior nature.

deputy, purporting the same to be a true copy of such schedule, without being wrote on stamped paper, shall, at all times, be admitted in all courts whatsoever as legal evidence of the tame; and if any clerk of the peaces or his deputy, town-clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, shall, on reasonable reqoet as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to any such creditor or creditors as aforesaid, or his or their attorney, any such schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the same to be inspected s aforesaid in the day-time, or shall refuse to make and deliva a copy of any such schedule on being requested as aforesaid so to make the same, shall for every such offence pay the sttmef twenty pounds to any person wno shall recover and sue for the same in any of his Majesty's courts of record at WisttmmUrai Dublin respectively, as the case may be, by action of debt.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such time as any assignee or assignees as aforesaid shall enter on, or take any profit from any copyhold or customary estate, as aforesaid, he or they shall agree and compound with the lord or lord* of the manor or manors of whom the same shall be holden, for the payment of such fine or income as, upon any surrender and admission thereto, hath heretofore been most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such agreement or compodthn i made, the said lord or lords for the time being, at the nest court, or some subsequent court, which shall be holden for the said manor or manors, shall admit such assignee or asstgMt tenant or tenants, to such copyhold or customary estate, according to the custom of the said manor or manors, of which the same shall be holden, and for and during such estate and iatmest as the said debtor had therein at the time of his or her befog discharged as aforesaid, reserving the rents, duties, heriotfe customs, and services, paying and to be rendered in respect of At said copyhold or customary estate.

XXII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained foall extend to prejudice or affect any estate or interest, or right whatsoever, of any person or persons, other than the said <Ubbr, which may be expectant upon or subject unto the estate m interest of the said debtor hereby vested in the said clerk of At peace, town-clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the perne; but that the estate, interest, and right whatsoever, of every odur person or persons, shall remain, continue, and be saved tothoa, in the same manner as if this act had not been made.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be contftreed to hinder or prevent any mortgage or mortgages, charges or Hens, upon the estate of such debtor or debtors, or any part tbcmf, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or heredkamott, m personal estate or effects, comprised in, or charged or afisetd by such mortgage or mortgages, charges or liens respectforift, nor to prevent any statute-staple, statute-merchant, recogmwxt or judgement, acknowledged by or obtained against act, Jftth debtor or debtors, to take place upon the lands, tenemett*

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 108. 563

real estate of such debtor or debtors*and also wiiere any inquisition shall have been taken upon any such statute or recognizance, or any writ or execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the sheriff or proper officer upon any such judgement, before such discharge shall be given in open session to any such debtor as aforesaid, the personal estate of every such debtor respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first place, for so much as snail remain due upon such mortgage, charge, lien, statute, recognizance, or judgement respectively, in like manner as such mortgagees and persons, having such charges or liens, and creditors, by statute, recognizance, or judgement, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature, against the real or personal estate of silch debtor and debtors respectively, if this act had not been made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And whereas many persons who may be entitled to and claim the benefit of this act, are seised and possessed of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to hold to such debtors for the term of their natural lives, with power of granting leases, and taking fines, reserving mall rents on such estates for one, two, or three lives, in possession or reversion, or for some number of years determinable upon lives; or have powers over real or personal estate, which such debtors could execute for their own advantage, and which said powers ought to be executed for the ben ft of the creditors of such debtors;

be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every Power of such case, all and every the powers of leasing such lands, tene-

raents, and hereditaments, and all other such powers as aforesaid, the assignee*,

over real or personal estate, which are or shall be vested in any such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby

vested in the assignee or assignees of the real and personal estate

of such prisoner, by virtue of this act, to be by such assignee or assignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors

of such prisoners as aforesaid.

XXV. And whereas, in some prisons or gaols in this kingdom, the office of keeper or gaoler is held in fee fir life, or otherwise, by persons who never act as keepers or gaolers themselves, or know any thing tf the prisoners therein, but depute or employ some person or persons

under them as keepers or gaolers of such prisons or gaols; be it The acting the refore enacted, That in every such case, the person who shall gaoler at the have been actually employed and acted as deputy-keeper or verine lists to gaoler of any such prison or gaol at the time of the delivering in take the oaths, of the lists hereby directed to be delivered in, of prisoners in any such prison or gaol, at any general or quarter-sessions of the peace, or some adjournment thereof, and not the principal keeper or gaoler (unless where such principal keeper or gaoler shall act as keeper or gaoler himself,) shall take the oaths hereinbefore appointed to be taken by the keeper or gaoler of every such prison or gaol.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Gaoler on the justices, at any general or quarter-sessions of the peace, or adjournment thereof, to which any such prisoner shall be brought gWOr^r to

564 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 108. [1806.

in pursuance of this act, ^shall, if required by any creditor or creditors of any such prisoner or prisoners, who shall oppoiebs or her discharge, administer and give to the keeper or gaoler of any such prison or gaol, at the time of bringing up any sack prisoner, in order to be discharged under this act, an oath to ike effect following; (that is to say, )

Oath.*T do swear, That was really mi

Jl truly a prisoner in my custody, in the prison of - [or, in custody in some other prison, as the case may be^\ to tk best of my knowledge and belief, at or upon the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and six, and that the copy or copies of the cause or causes of his [or her] commit; ment or detainer, now by me brought with the body of the said and produced to the said court, is or are a true copy or copies of the cause or causes of such commitment or detainer, without any fraud or deceit by me, or any other person whatsoever, to the best of my knowledge and belief.

So help me God.1

If the person And \f any person who was a keeper or gaoler, ordeptfted keeper or list* wa^not1 8ao^er> any such prison or gaol, on the said first day of February '

faoler on one thousand eight hundred and six, or since, shall not happen to ebruary i, be the keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, of any socfa x^o6f he shall prison or gaol at the time any such list as aforesaid is hmbr lowing oath. re<lu're^ to he delivered in, then the justices, at any sncn session, or at any adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer and give to the respective person or persons who shall be keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, of any such prison or gaol, and deliver in any such list as aforesaid at any such general or quarter-session, or any adjournment thereof, an oath, touching the commitments, or books of commitment, of any such prison or gaol, to the effect following; (that is to say, )

Oath.

' T do swear, That I have examined the commitments,

A or books kept of or concerning the commitment of prisoners j to the prison of in the [county, riding, diviskm,

city, town, place, or liberty of,] and that I do

verily believe that the said commitments, or books of commitment, are really true, and not fictitious, nor calculated for this purpose, and by them it doth appear that was, on the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and six, really and truly a prisoner in the actual custody of the then keeper or gaoler, or deputy-keeper or gaoler, of the said prison or gaol, [or other prison, as the cast may be,] without fraud or deceit by me, or any other person or persons, to my knowledge and belief.

So help me God.'

XXVII. And, in order to discover any fraudulent entries or commitments of prisoners in any prison or gaol-books; be it further

ducted

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 108. 565

enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices, at any At the re-general or quarter-session of the peace, or any adjournment 2*, !cst ofcrf" thereof, are hereby authorised, at the request of any creditor or ma^be exa^ creditors of any prisoner, to convene before them, at some mined on oath certain time to be appointed by them, any person or persons who at the sessions, was or were keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, of any ^mentgCm* prison or gaol within their respective jurisdictions, on the said mi men 9* fiyst day of February one thousand eight hundred and six, or at any time since; and to examine every such keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, on oath, touching the commitment and continuance in custody of any such prisoner, as the justices, at any such general or quarter-session, or adjournment thereof, shall think fit; and if any sheriff, keeper or gaoler, or deputed Penalty on keeper or gaoler shall neglect or refuse to bring before any such sheriffs, See justices, at any session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, any oj3er?of 8 such prisoner as shall be directed and required by warrant of any justices, justice or justices as aforesaid, or to attend on being summoned for that purpose, he shall, on conviction, suffer six months* imprisonment5 or if any keeper or gaoler attending shall refuse to make answer and discovery in the premises, as shall be reasonably required at such general or quarter-session, or any adjournment thereof, he, she, or they, so offending in the premises, shall, for every such offence, pay the sum of ten pounds to any person who shall recover and sue for the same in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or Dublin respectively, as the case may be, by action of debt.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penj*j!j on That if any keeper or gaoler of any prison, or his deputy o*p?fatcrof deputies, snail, without just cause, to be approved of by the Gazette or justices at some general quarter-session, or general session of the newspaper, peace, or adjournment thereof, within their respective jurisdic- not complying tions, refuse or delay to bring any such prisoner or prisoners as ^Urtions^f aforesaid to any such general quarter-session, or general session, this act. or adjournment thereof, in order to his or her discharge; or shall neglect, refuse, or designedly omit, to insert, in any such list, the name or names of any such prisoner or prisoners who was or were actually in custody in his or their respective prison or gaol, on the said first day of February one thousand eight hundred and six, or since, or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver such lists as aforesaid; or if any keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him, or shall detain any such prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid: or if the printer of the London Gazette or Dublin Gazette respectively, or other newspaper as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the notice by this act directed to be given, on reasonable request to him maae for that purpose, every such keeper and gaoler of such prison or prisons, nis deputy or deputies, and every such printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay t

Punishing* gaolers for perjury.

566 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 108.

such case injured, the sum of one hundred pounds, whichiUi and may be recovered with treble costs of suit, by actio* of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the said courts of record at Westminster or Dublin, as the case may be, wherdfc essoign, protection, or W3ger of law, or more than one impark* shall be allowed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if ai y keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, or any depity* keeper or gaoler of any prison, shall, in taking of the lfore* mentioned oaths, forswear and perjure themselves, and shal thereof be lawfully convicted, such keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, of such prison or prisons, shall (over and above the penalties to be inflicted on persons convicted of perjury,) upon drery such conviction, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds, with full costs, by bill, plaint, or information, or actios of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or Dublin respectively, as the case may be, wherein no essoigD, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed, by and in the name of such person or persons, his and their executors and admini* strators, to whom an assignment ot conveyance in pursuance of this act shall be made of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners3 and if no such assignee or assignees shall be living, tbfl in the name or names of any other creditor or creditor^ who shall sue for the said penalties, to be applied one moiety to die informer or informers, and the other moiety towards satisfaction of the debts of such creditor or creditors.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if an^ clerk of the

Cl^ce nothC*v- Peace> 01 kis deputy, or town-clerk, or other officer acting as ingcopies^of" c^er^ peace, shall delay or refuse to give every or any

adjudication such prisoner, adjudged to be entitled to his discharge as afore* of discharges, said, within fourteen days after such adjudication, a copy of the

' order of adjudication, on the payment of two shillings and sixpence, or shall take more than two shillings and sixpence for such copy, or shall take more than one shilling for an assignment or conveyance of such prisoner's estate and effects, every such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town-cleik, or other officer acting as cleTk of the peace, who shall so offend, and who shall be convicted at any such general or quarter-session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, of any such offence, shall, for every suen offence, forfeit and pay to every such prisoner the sum of twenty pounds, as the justices of the peace at such general ot quarter-sessions of the peace, or adjournment thereof, shall order, and who are hereby empowered to cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of any such clerk of the peace, or his deputy or town-clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, so offending.

Debtor* false-

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, sUlTsuffer as ^atif an7 debtor as aforesaid, who shall take the benefit of tbtf for wilful per- act> shall wilfully forswear and perjure himself, herself, or than-jury. selyes, in any oath to be taken under this act, and shall be

Penaltyclerk of the

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 108. 567

lawfully convicted thereof, he, she, or they, so offending, shall sufo such punishment as by law may be inflicted on, persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjurv.

XXXII. And be it further enacted oy the authority aforesaid, Debtors dis-rhat no person entitled to the benefit of this act shall, at any n^ble^to b? rime hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any judgement or imprisoned decree obtained for payment of money only, or for any debt, for debts bond, damages, contempts for non-payment of money, costs, sum Pnor to

or sums of money contracted, incurred, occasioned, owing 0*.1, 1806. growing due, before the said first day of February one thousand right hundred and six5 but that upon every arrest upon every judgement, or such decree, or for such debts, damages, contempts, costs', sum and sums of money, it shall and may be lawful for any judge of the court where the process issued, or for any two justices of the peace, upon shewing the copy of the order of adjudication as aforesaid, to rele^e and discharge out of custody such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, and at the same time to order the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such suit or suits to pay such prisoner or prisoners the costs he, she, or they shall have incurred on such occasion, or so much thereof as to such judge or justices shall seem just and reasonable; and every such judge is hereby empowered so to do on such prisoner's causing a common appearance to be entered for him, on every such action or suit.

XXXIII. And whereas, under former acts of this kind, doubts have arisen what was to be done with such prisoners who applied at any session to be discharged, who owed and stood charged with debts, ns well previous as subsequent to the day limited by the respective nets 1 to remedy which, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no prisoner or prisoners shall be discharged of Prisoners not any debts incurred subsequent to the first day of February one ^ebt^Yubw-f thousand eight hundred and six 5 and if it shall appear to the quent to justices, at any session or adjournment, that any prisoner or Feb. 1, 1806. prisoners, then applying to them to be discharged, shall stand

charged as well with debts previous to, as subsequent to the said first day of February one thousand eight hundred and six, that, in such cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices to discharge the person of such prisoner on account of all debts incurred previous to the said first day of February one thousand eight hundred and six, and to remand him or her back to the custody of the keeper of the prison from whence he or she was brought, for all debts which he or she stands charged with in his custody, incurred subsequent to the said first day of February one thousand eight hundred and six.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person, being a prisoner, charged in execution Prisoners who on the said first day of February one thousand eight hundred onjapplication and six, and having before or since that day petitioned any debtw/have court to be discharged as an insolvent debtor, and having con- been remand-formed to the several provisions of the laws in being for that ed back, and purpose, shall have been brought up, and before

which cnarcu imn"

568 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 108. [1806.

ut their which such prisoner was so brought up, remanded back to the titled to Se or from which such prisoner was brought dp, Acre

benefit of to continue in execution on the undertaking of his or kr

this act. plaintiff or plaintiffs to pay to him or her two duUinp

and four-pence weekly and every week, or such other allowance as by law is directed to be paid in such case, during such Ant as such prisoner should remain in execution at the suit of sad j plaintiff or plaintiffs; and such prisoner so continued in exec* tion shall have been or shall be discharged from such execution by his or her plaintiff or plaintiffs, without his or her ovi privity or consent, subsequent to the said first day of Ftbnmj one thousand eight hundred and six, and before the day whereon he or she might otherwise have applied to take the Denefit of this act, every such prisoner shall be entitled, notwithstanding such discharge, to the same relief and advantage, to all interns and purposes whatsoever, which he or she might or could hare otherwise obtained by virtue of this act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Act may be.XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

pleaded to That any action of escape, or any suit or action, De brought any action of A 1.. 5 c A."

escape, 8cc. against any justice or justices of the peace, sheriff, keeper or

gaoler of any prison, for performing their office, in pursusnoe

of this act, they may plead the general issue, and give this act in evidence; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, or discosrinae his action, or verdict pass against him, or judgement upon demurrer, the defendant shall have treble costs.

Act may be

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, s<mc' That if any scire facias ox action of debt or upon judgement shall be brought against any prisoner, his or her heirs, exeevton, pr administrators, upon any judgement obtained against any such prisoner, or on any statute or recognizance acknowledged by him or her, before the said first day of February one thouand eight hundred and six, with respect to prisoners in actual custody, on the said first day of February one thousand eight hundred and six, it shall and may be lawful for any such prisoner, his or her heirs, executors or administrators, to plead generally that such prisoner was actually a prisoner in suck prison, or in some other prison, at such a person's suit on the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and six, and was or were duly discharged, according to this act, at the general quarter-session, or general session, or adjournment thereof, held at such time and place for such county, riding, division, liberty, city, town or place, (as his, her, or their case is,) without pleading any matter specially; and m case any other suit or action shall be commenced against him, her, or them, for any other debt, sum or sums of money, due before the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and six, to plead in discharge of his or her person from execution, (om and above such matters as aforesaid,) that such debt or sum of money (as the case shall happen) was contracted or due before the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and six,

by without

rally by prisoners,

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 108. 569

thout pleading any other matter specially; where to the plaintiff

ill or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as

>resaid, or reply any other matter or thing which may shew

i said defendant not to be entitled to the benefit of this act,

not duly discharged according to it, in the same manner as

plaintiff might have replied in case the defendant had

>acted this act, and his discharge, by virtue of this act,

sciaUyi and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his

tion, or verdict pass against him, or judgement on demurrer,

defendant to have treble costs.

XXXVII. Provided always, That nothing in this act con- Act not to

ned shall extend, or be construed to extend, to release or .', ...*, attormes or

charge any attorney at law, or solicitor, or any other person servants

persons acting or pretending to act as such, with regard to embezzling

y debt with which he or they shall stand charged for any money:

oney, oi'other effects, recovered and received by him or them,

r the use of any person or persons, bodies corporate or politick,

d by any attorney, solicitor, or other person or persons acting

such, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own

e; or to release or discharge any servant or agent, or any

her person or persons employed or entrusted as such, with

gard to any debt or demand with which'he, she, or they shall and charged for or on account of any money, goods, or other

Pects received or possessed by him, her, or them, for the use

id on account of nis, her, or their master or masters, or em-

oyers, and by such servant or agent embezzled, concealed, or

inverted to his, her, or their own use \ any thing herein con-

ined to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And whereas many evil-disposed persons, to support eir profligate'way of life, haves by various subtle stratagems, threats, id devices % fraudulently obtained divers sums of moneys goods, wares, erchandixesy bonds, bills of exchange, promissory notes, or other curities for money, to the great injury of industrious families, and the manifest prejudice of trade and credit; be it enacted, That Nor to per-5 prisoner, who knowingly and designedly, by false pretence 60118 Gaining*pretences, shall have obtained from any person or persons, p, ^. iney, goods, wares, merchandize, bonds, bills of exchange, tences: romissory notes, or other securities for money, shall have or iceive any benefit or discharge by or under this act; but the

istices at any general or quarter-sessions of the peace, or any ijoumment thereof, before whom any such prisoners shall be rought, upon due proof of the matter, made to their satisfaction, lall remand such prisoner to the custody of the gaoler or keeper f the prison from whence he or she shall have been brought; ny thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. Provided always, That no prisoner who shall have Nor to een remanded to prison under any act heretofore passed for th?Pri8n* dies of insolvent debtors, for naving fraudulently obtained under loney, goods, or securities for money on false pretences, or any insolvent >r having secretly or fraudulently removed stock, cattle, act, for frau-r other effects, which were subject or liable to be detaippd dulently

r Obtaining

lor money, c.

57 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 108.

[1Z06.

for rent, or who shall have lost dr forfeited the benefit rf any such former act by having made any fraudulent vale, transfer, conveyance, or assignment, since his or her imprison ment, to the prejudice of the fair and honest creditor, or shall have obtained a discharge under such former act fraud* lently, or shall have taken an oath under such act, Of part of which was not true, shall have or receive any benefit*; discharge by or under this act; but the justices at any goat or other session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, betas whom any such prisoner shall be brought, upon due proof in the matter made to their satisfaction, shall remand such prison to the custody of the gaoler or keeper of the prison from wfeks he or she shall have been brought 5 any thing herein coots*! to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided also, That no. person charged in execu for damages recovered in any action for criminal ednveratial with the wife of the plaintiff in such action, or in any actk* for seducing or carnally knowing the daughter or female serwfi of the plaintiff, or in any action for a malicious prosecution, 0* in any action for any other malicious injury, shall have til benefit under this act, except only in cases where the pbiniiff in such actions respectively shall be dead, and no person dttf have obtained probate of tile will or letters of administration of the effects of such plaintiff within twelve months afttt A* decease of such plaintiff.

XLI. And whereas many debtors for rents of lands, manages, houses, and other premises, have, with fraudulent intent toUtaffw* the right of their respective landlords, removed the stocky attir, furniture, goods, or othet1 effects, which were subject and IM to be distrained for the satisfaction of the said rents; be it enacted by Nor to per- the authority aforesaid, That no prisoner or prisoners, who, ia effects ^"ofth? a 8Gcret> clandestine, or fraudulent manner, shall have removed, value of C or caused to be removed, within six years, any such stock, twenty cattle, furniture, goods, or effects, of the value of twenty pounds, liable pounds or upwards, which were subject or liable to be <&-ed fonenfc111" tra*ne^ t^ie*r respective landlords for or in payment of loch rent or rents, whereby such landlord or landlords shall have lost all or some part of the rent or rents due to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, shall be discharged by or under this act, but on due proof of the matter as aforesaid, be remanded in manner hereinbefore mentioned \ any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And whereas many debtors have, with a view to dtfrmi their creditors, sold, transferred) conveyed, or assigned their e?U6 and ffects to some person or persons, subsequent to their being a custody of law, or imprisoned under some process for debt: ad Whereas such sale, transfer, conveyance, or assignment, hath km fraudulently made, to the infinite prejudice of the fear attd knot creditor, though sufficient proof could not be obtained to convitl tk Nor to per- party of a fraudulent design; be it enacted, That whenever it ^ons selling or shall be proved, by one or more credible witness or witnesses,

IbyCc to

Nor to per- 1

sons charged in execution for damages recovered in any action for criminal conversation. See.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 108. 57x

the satisfaction of the court to which any prisoner shall be effects to ought up, in ordeT to obtain his or her discharge, that such defraud isoner has sold, transferred, conveyed, or assigned, to anycre ori* rson or persons, all or any part of his estate or effects, sub-quest to the time of his imprisonment, without just cause for doing/ to be allowed by the justices presiding in such court aforesaid, every such debtor shall lose all the ben* 'its and [vantages that he might otherwise have claimed under the ithority of this act, and shall not be entitled to his or her dis-large; and every such sale, transfer, conveyance, or assignment, hereby declared to he null and void.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

hat every gaoler or keeper of any prison shall, and is hereby Penalty on

quired to suffer, in the day-time, any person or persons, Sao, ers not

hiring the same, to see and speak, in the lodge, or some to

mvenient room in the said prison, with any prisoner or pri- Spoken

mers, whose names are inserted in the before mentioned list vriA, or entry

f lists, or the London or Dublin Gazette, or other newspapers, ?ks

r any of them, and also to see, in the true and genuine books beC8wn!D

f the said prison, the entries made of the name or names of such prisoner or prisoners, debtor or debtors, together with the name or names of the person or persons at whose suit or suits

he, she, or they, are or were detained, and if any such gaoler or keeper shall refuse or neglect to comply with what is hereby

bove required, every such gaoler or keeper who shall so offend

1 the premises shall forfeit and pay to the person so refused

ad aggrieved the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered with

osts of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in

ny of the courts at Westminster or Dublin, as the case may be,

rherem no essoign, protection, wager of law, or more than one

mparlance shall be allowed, by and in the name or names of

be person or persons so refused and aggrieved.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any gaoler or Penalty on keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison or prisons, gaoler for hall make ot cause to be made any false entries, in any book a 8C

r books belonging to any prison or gaol under his care, or of rhich he is or was gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to*prepared or kept, any false book or books, in order for any alse or untrue entry or entries to be made therein, or shall iisert in any list to be delivered in as aforesaid, the name or tames of any person or persons who was not in actual custody is aforesaid, (except as in the oath of every such gaoler or weeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall be excepted,) every men gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall over'md above the penalties which he shall be liable to for every inch fraud, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds, x> be recovered with treble costs of suit, by and in the name md for the use of any person or persons who shall be prejudiced Yf any such false entry or entries, which penalties shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information.

m

in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or Dublin, as the case may be, wherein no essoign, protection

Debtors re-

wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any debtor.

fusing to dis- thereunto required by any creditor, shall refuse to discover m

cover the trade and abode of the person at whose suit detained, excluded the

declare the trade or occupation, and habitation or last place 4-abode, of the person or persons at whose suit he or shear was detained or charged in custody, or if any prisoner^called for and desired by an j creditor or creditors to cc the lodge of the prisori in which any such prisoner shall be

benefit of this fined, shall refuse to come, without some reasonable cause!

act.

county gaol.

made appear to the contrary, every such debtor, upon being made thereof, before the justices at any general or qi session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held aforesaid, shall not have or receive any benefit or discharge tjj or under this act; any thing herein contained to the cootrif} thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And whereas there is but one common or coumy-geelfo each of the respective counties of York or Lincoln, which sm counties are each of them divided into several ridings or divisions, J of which have several commissions of the peace; and if the gader t these gaols be obliged to carry the debtors, prisoners therein, to m quarter-session of such riding or division, the same will be 0 very great charge, not only to such gaoler, but also to the prisonerst in these large counties; be it therefore enacted by the authority Justices for aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for two or more Lin<rc?n ma just'ces^Peace for any of the ridings or divisions in the

ho?d a^sion respective counties, (or any other county or counties where die near to the prisons are at a distance from the place where the sessions are held,) at the common or county gaol thereof respectively, oral some convenient place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet, and to hold session there, by adjournment from their respective quarter-session from time to time, for the discharge of the respective prisoners therein, according to die powers, limitations, and directions of this act,

XLVII. And whereas the district or division of Holland, m th said county of Lincoln, is distant near forty miles from the sad county gaol, and it is highly inconvetiient and expensive for thejvstka of the peace acting for the said division, to be obliged to travel to ik said gaol for the sole purpose of discharging the prisoners under At Justices for powers by this act given; be it therefore enacted, That, forth# the district of several purposes aforesaid, the justices for the said division <n Holland may district of Holland may adjourn their original sessions to the county gaol, or some place near thereunto; and h shall and may be lawful for any two justices of the peace, acting either for the parts of Lindsey, Kesteven, or Holland, to hold such adjourned sessions for the sole purpose of discharging such prisoners; notice of the adjournment of such original sessions being given by the clerk of sessions to such justices, and who shall attend there to register the proceedings of the said court,

10

hold an act joumed session.

573

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 108.

far as the same relate to or affect the discharge of any soner detained for debt in the division of Holland, and claim-; the benefit of this act.

XLVIII. And whereas the next general quarter-sessions of the ce for the county of Surrey, which shall happen after the passing this act, may be in the county, and upwards of twenty miles from r of the said prisons; be it therefore enacted by the authority resaid. That it shall and may be lawful for such justices as Justices for til be assembled at the general quarter-session of the peace Surrey may be holden for the county of Surrey next after passing of this Southwark or, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the said to the sessi-sions to the borough of Southwark, or to the sessions-house ons-house in Horsemonger-laney in the parish of Newington3 in the said Horsemonger-mty of Surrey, for the purpose of administering the oaths re- lanc' ired to be taken and subscribed by this act, by the several )lers within the said county, and for the discharge of pri-lers or other debtors according to the powers, limitations,

1 directions of this act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, iat all debtors and others, who were in prison on or before Prisoners in ' said first day of February one thousand eight hundred and custody for in any of the gaols of this kingdom, and now remain there

not paying their fees, rents, or other demands, due or ar*

imed as due, to the keeper or keepers of any prison re-sctively, or to any other officer of such prison, and upon no ler account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she, or ?jr, taking the oath by this act required to be taken by isoners.

L. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall not extend, or be con- Act not to ued to extend, to discharge any person seeking the benefit of extend to s act, with respect to any dent or penalty with which he or e shall stand charged at the suit of the Crown, or of any offenders rson for any offence committed against any act or acts of against the rliament relative to his Majesty's revenues of customs, excise, revenue-imps, or salt-duties, or any of them, or any branches of the aws* blick revenue, or at the suit of any sheriff or other publick icer, upon any bail-bond entered into for the appearance of y person/ prosecuted for any offence committed against any t or acts of parliament relative to his Majesty's said revenues customs, excise, stamps, or salt-duties, or any other branches publick revenue, unless any three of the iofds-commissioners his Majesty's treasury for the time being, shall certify their nsent under their hands to the said justices at their said ses-ms, or adjournment thereof, for the discharge of such pri-

ner as aforesaid,

LI. And whereas, under former acts3 creditors have been put to eat expence and troubley in attending every session and adjourn-mty during the whole continuance of the act, to oppose the discharge debtors clearly excluded from any benefit under the said respective tSy but whoy after having been before one session heardy and rfused

unless the debtor gets rid of the objections to his discharge.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 108. [iJofc

a discharge, to harass their creditors, constantly gave fresh mtuf for each subsequent session and adjournment, of their intended offh cation to be discharged; to remedy which, be it further Determina- by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases whatever, the^ to>be^na?CC8m*nat'on t^le justices in session or adjournment shall be{

0 n9to all intents and purposes, unless the debtor shall, during!

continuance of this act, get rid of the objection or objectuntf which they refused his discharge; and that the same mjf clear and certaif, the justices are hereby required to statM objections why such debtor's discharge is refused by them; ! in all cases whatever, it shall and may be lawful to and for I justices at some one subsequent session within the spactl twelve calendar months after he shall have been so recasT upon application from the prisoner, and due proof on oath I to them by two or more credible witnesses (which oath thef^ hereby empowered to administer,) of such objection or obji being removed, and on proof of notice served, at least t days previous to such application, on the creditor or cr who before opposed his discharge, and of notice likewfei serted in the London or Dublin Gazette, in manner \ directed by this act, to order such prisoner to be brought) them, and, if they shall then be of opinion the said detail entitled to the benefit of this act, to adjudge him or her to f

entitled to the benefit of this act, and if a prisoner, to

Estates of

him or her to be discharged, he or she taking the oath, all other respects conforming to the directions of this act

LII. And whereas it may happen that several persons who meg claim and be entitled to the benefit of this act, are seised of an estate* tail in some freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or h*n4\tmne*tsr which entail, with the remainders thereon expectant, they hsoe hf law power to defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines, svftr* ing a common recovery or common recoveries, or by surrender or sm* renders thereof whereby such person or persons said freehold or cm* hold lands, tenements, and hereditaments, would be liable to m payment of their debts, and be delivered up, according to the terms^ this act, for the benefit of their creditors; be it therefore enacted of the authority aforesaid, That in every such case, such perm os

which prison- persons so seised as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to ta

OAI ODil*_ 

ers are seised in tail, to be delivered up to their creditors.

claim the benefit of this act, shall, to all intents and purpm* whatsoever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared, to be seised of such lands, tenements, and heredk* ments in fee, and the same shall be delivered up to suchcr$ ditor or creditors of every such prisoner, in the same maimerm if such person or persons had actually levied a fine, tu&ered a common recovery or recoveries, or made a surrender or renders thereof, and thereby had become seised in fee; any! or construction of law to the contrary thereof in anywise withstanding.

LIII. And whereas many persons who may be entitled to < the ben fit of this act, have been great dealers, or otherwise cnge&i large transactions> whereby they may be entitled to sundry assign*

dtfts

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 108. 575

tr and demands of various and intricate natures, and they may he tied to equities of redemption of estates subject and liable to mart-eSy judgements, or other incumbrances, or to reversions, remainders, tfArr contingent estates, lands y tenements, hereditament/, or to

r trusts or interests in estates, A0M real and personal^ which may be sufficiently described or discovered in the schedule or inventory re directed to be delivered in upon oath by the prisoner to be dis- rged as aforesaid, or which may want his aid and assistance to ust, make outy recover, or manage, for the benefit of his creditors; it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall Assignees may I may be lawful to and for the respective assignees of the apply for (ur* ate and effects of such debtor or debtors, who shall obtain, her, or their discharge in pursuance of this a<A, or any or8 to two ter person or persons duly authorised by them for that purpose, justices, m time to time, to apply to any two or more of the justices the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or erty, where such debtor or debtors shall be then residing, nreoy desiring that such debtor or debtors may be further unined as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their ate or effects, whereupon such justices snail send for or call fore them such debtor or debtors, by such warrant, summons, lys or means, as they shall think fit; and upon such debtor's pearing, shall examine him, her, or them, as well upon oath otherwise, as to such matters and things as such assignee shall*sire, relating to the estate and effects of such debtor or debtors j id if any debtor or debtors (on payment or tender of payment, such reasonable charges as such justices shall judge sufficient,) all neglect or refuse to come or appear, not having a lawful ruse, to be made known to such justices, and by them bwed, or being come before them, shall refuse to be sworn, to answer to all such questions as by such justices shall be it to him, her, or them, relating to the discovery of his, her, their estate or effects 90 vested, or intended to be vested, in ch clerk of the peace, town-clerk or other officer acting as erk of the peace, or such assignees as aforesaid, then it shall id may be lawful to and for such justices, by warrant under eir hands and seals, tQ apprehend such debtor or debtors so fending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the wunon gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until ich time as he, she, or they shall submit him, her, or them-Ives to such justices, and answer upon oath to all such lawful testions as shall by such justices be put to him, her, or them, r the purposes aforesaid.

LTV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That not with stand-Fraudulent

 the discharge of any debtor or debtors by virtue of this act, discharges it shall hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently, orvl*at any part of the oath taken by any such debtor was jiot true, ten, and in every such case, every such discharge shall be void id of none effect.

LV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Assignees hat it shall be lawful at all times hereafter-for any assignee consent assignees of the estate or effects of any debts(0r debtors,

who

may compound for debts, and submit disputes to arbitration*

of creditors, who shall be chosen in pursuance of this act, by:

consent of the ipajor part in value of the creditors of sc or debtors, who shall be present at a meeting to*twenty-one days* notice being previously given fof't hereafter mentioned, in the London Gazette, if the deb custody in London, or within the weekly bills of mor if not then, also in some newspaper which shall be p the county, city, or place in or near which such ]_ sons shall have been in gaol 5 and if in custody at Du the county of Dublin, in the Dublin Gazette; and if in l place in that part of the united kingdom called Ireld also in some newspaper which shall be published in city, or place in or near which such person or persons been in gaol, to make compositions to any person or ] accountants to such debtor or debtors, where the appear necessary or reasonable, and to take such reas of any such debt as can upon any such composition be ]_ full discharge of such debts and accounts; and also to su difference or dispute between such assignee or assig any person or persons, for or on account or by reason < of any matter, cause, or thing, relating to the estate of such debtor or debtors, or to any debt or debt claimed to be due, to or from such debtor or  the final end and determination of arbitrators, to by the said assignee or assignees, and the maje value of such creditors, and the party or pa whom they shall have such difference, and to award of such arbitrators, or of any umpire to 1 them, or otherwise to settle and agree the matters i and dispute between them, in such manner as the sa or assignees^ with such consent as aforesaid, shall can agree, and the same shall be binding to all the such debtor or debtors j and every such assignee or; and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly < premises in pursuance of this act.

LVI. Andy for the better discovery of the estate and t debtor who shall be discharged by virtue of this art, bl enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person who shall have accepted of any trust or trusts, and sli conceal or protect any estate real or personal, ol debtor from his creditors, and shall not, within thirty < any assignee or assignees shall, in pursuance of thii chosen of any such deotor's estate, discover and disclo assignee or assignees such trust and estate in writing, up or make over the same to such assignee or assi_ she, or they, so offending, shall, for every such offenc the sum of one hundred pounds, and also double the vals estate, either real or personal, so concealed, to or for 1" the creditors of any such debtor; to be recovered by t debt in any of Jhis Majesty's courts of record at West Dublin, as the v case may be, in the name or name

Penalty on persons concealing debtors* estates.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. o i*8. 577

signet or assignees of such debtor's estate, together with Me costs of suit.

LVII. And white* provision ought to be made as to what should come of the estate and effects of any debtor or debtors not got*, taitoedy or recovered, by arty assignee or assignees chose pursuant to9directions of the several acts at the time of his or their death or athsy and whose heir or heirs, executors, administrators, and signsf refused to act or meddle therein; to remedy which, be it tacted. That in all such cases it shall and may be lawful to and If assignees r the creditors of every such debtor or debtors to chuse a new die> slgnee or assignees, in manner and form as hereinbefore is rected, and to obtain a new assignment from the clerk of the ace or his deputy, townrclerk, or other-officer acting as clerk the peace, pursuant to the order of the justices, and which id order the said justices are hereby required and empowered direct, (on due proof on oath being made to them of the death such former assignee or assignees, and refusal of his or their firs, executors, administrators, or assigns, to act or meddle terein ;,) and the said clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town-erk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, are hereby apoWfcred to obey the same, and execute such assignment xordingly, in manner and form as if no former assignment had rer been made, the said assignee or assignees, clerk of the peace, r his deputy, town-clerk, or other officer acting as clerk, of the face, hereby conforming to all orders and directions made by (is act relative to them, or any of them, an to be liable to all ich pains and penalties as are inflicted pta them, or any of lem, by this act, for disobedience in any part thereof, or ftglect of duty whatever; and in case any such assignee or assignees shall die, and his heirs, execdtors, administrators, or uigns, shall refuse to act, that-ehentand in such case, it shall e lawful for such justices of the peace to appoint a new isignee or assignees, with the like powers and authorities as are hen by this act; and the sa?d justices shall have power, in nummary way, to oblige- the heirs, executors, administrators* o4 assigns of such assignee or assignees, to account and deliver up all such estate and effects as shall remain in his or wir hands, to be applied for the purposes of this act.

LVIII. Andy to the intent and purpose that the estate and effects of uh debtor or debtors as shall be discharged by virtue of Ms act may be, uhf and faithfully applied for the benefit of his, hery or their real.cremes; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That k shall and Courts on say be lawful to and foT the respective courts at Westminster and complaint W/*, and the courts of gTeat sessions in Wales, and the coun-its palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham respectively, anda l*n be courts of limited jurisdiction in that part of the united king-om called Ireland, from whence any process issued, upon which riy such debtor or debtors Was ot were committed, or where the process issued out of any other court, to and for the judges of he court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer# or of great sessions, or counties palatine aforesaid, within their V 01. XLVI. P p respectively

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 108. [Act

respective jurisdictions, or any one of them, from time tfiSfact upon the petition of any such debtor, or the creditor or ere4w of ouch debtor, complaining of any insufficiency, fraud, nil*

management, or other misbehaviour, of any assignee or assipdl of the estate or effects of any such debtor or debtors, to sumM all parties concerned, and, upon hearing the parties conc^md therein, to make and give such orders and direction* there: either for the removal or displacing such assignee or assignees, and appointing any ne\V assignee or assignees in the place Mead of such assignee or assignees, so to be removed or displaced, and for the prudent, just, and equitable managemtr; distribution of the estate and effects of any such debtor, for tk benefit of the respective creditors, as the said courts or judges respectively shall think fit*, and in case of the removal or displacing of any assignee or assignees, and the appointing of a new assignee or assignees, the estate or effects of such debtor debtors shall, from thenceforth, be divested out of the assignee or assignees so removed or displaced, and be vested in, and delivered over to such new assignee or assignees, in the same manner, and for the same intents and purposes, as the same sera before vested in the assignee or assignees first chosen; s sfinv-said$ any thing in this act contained to the contrary. nOMb standing.

Where mutual

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Mf credit has aforesaid, That in all cases where mutual credit hath been wen b^ance to be between any debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance c? dm

fcuted. act, and any other person or persons, or bodies corporate or

politick, before the delivery of such schedule or inventory of the estate and effects of such debtor or debtors, upon oath as aforesaid, the respective assignee or assignees of such debtor or debtors is and are hereby authorised and required on his and their parts to state and allow an account between them and the other partr or parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be; vested in such clerk of the peace, or town-clerk, or other officer # acting as clerk of the peace, or such assignee or assigne s d

aforesaid, as the estate or effects of such debtor or debtors, thani what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them respectively, as and for the balance of such account, when trub stated.

LX. And whereas many persons are often committed by the C&T of law and equity for contempts, for not paying money ordered*awarded to be paid, and also for not paying of costs duly and regular*

taxed and allowed by the proper officer y after proper demands made fit that purpose, and also upon the writ of excommunicato capiendo other process for, or grounded on> the non-payment of moneys costs, a expences, in some cause or proceeding in some ecclesiastical court, Prrtorii for fjr contempt to such court relating thereto; it is hereby declared sad not paying enacted, That all such persons are and shall be entitled to tk ffSTSt ^>ene^t t*1's act> on ant* subject to the same terms, conditions entitled to the aiM* restrictions, as are herein expressed and declared with impec benefit of this to prisoners for debt only.

579

o6.) Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 108.

LXI. And whereof great numbers of poor people have been and now imprisoned for debt, upon processes issuing out of courts ^Persons im-science; it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such pri-Pri8ned lets shall be entitled to have the benefit of this act, and bewienc^en" charged under the same; provided he, she, or they conform titled to the the directions hereinbefore prescribed, touching other pri- benefit of this iers who shall be discharged by virtue of this act. act#

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No persons son who shall have, taken the benefit of any act heretofore taken

ised for the relief of insolvent debtors within the space of five aninsohent irs last past, shall have or receive any benefit or advantage of act within under this act, nor be deemed to fee within die intent and five years to aning thereof, so as to be discharged under the same; any thing be entitled to reinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. [hilfact.*LXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, lat in all cases wherein by this act an oath is required, the Affirmation emn affirmation of any person being a Quaker, shall and maY^erto accepted and taken in lieu thereof 5 and every person making: h affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false affir-.ition, shall incur and suffer such and the same penalties as

inflicted and imposed by this act upon persons convicted of lful and corrupt perjury.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein con- Future estate ned shall be deemed or taken to discharge the future estate or under

ects real or personal of any person or persons discharged under thigfet tobe* is act, whether such person or persons shall or shall not have liable for their en charged in execution of or from the payment of any debts, debts, mages, costs, sum or sums of money, due, owing, or demand-le from any such person or persons, or in respect of which y such person or persons was or were in custody; and all and ery person or persons entitled to receive or to be paid any such bt, damages, costs, sum or sums of money, shall have all such d the like remedies in law or equity against such future estate d effects, other than and except the necessary apparel and dding of such person or persons and their family, and the cessary tools for his, her, or their trade and occupation, not ceeding the value of fifteen pounds, but not against the peril of the party for payment thereof, as he, she, or they might ive had if this act had not been made; and in any case in such the payment or recovery of such demands or sums of oney could feefore the passing of this act have been enforced ily by commitment, either on the ground of contempt or other-ise, of the persons liable thereto, the party interested therein all be and is hereby enabled to sue the person or persons who ight to have paid the same, for what shall remain unsatisfied ereof, in lik? manner as if the sum remaining unsatisfied id been money lent and advanced by, or money had and reived for the use of the person having such demand, but shall i entitled to recover, or have execution out of or against such ture estate and effects only, and shall not be entitled to arrest take in execution the party against whom such demand shall

enforced. i

589 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 109.

A*"1 to _

LXV. Provided also, and ithereby enacted. Tint npUng Scotland?n t^lis act contained shall extend to that part of Gnat $ar*

called Scotland.

CAP. CIX.

An act for reducing the bounty payable on the exportation rf wd sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing the like tomjgm the exportation of sugar-candy, as is payable on refined [July 21, 1806.]

4$ G. 3. C. 42.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the present session of park* r&fnt, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty dune the present war, and for six months after the expiration thereof by a ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional dubs on certain goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought or carried coastwise within Gnf Britain, certain additional bounties are to be paid and allowed tpm the exportation of refitted sugar from Great Britain* to be cahdaki at and after the rate of fifteen pounds for every one hundred pmdsm money, on the produce and amount of 'Whatever bounty may be dp W payable on arty such refined sugar respectively, by any act or nets f parliament in force at the time of the exportation thereof \ exchuhre f the produce and amount of the additional bounty on such sugar, grouted O c 70^an^forty-third year of the reign of Ins present Hopxty>

43* intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty during the present

war, and until the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties of the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, and on the tonnage of ships and vessels in, Great Britain: and whereas the produce and nmmrvt d

44 G. 3. c. 53. the additional bounty granted by an act of the fbrtyrfmrtkyap.f m

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting tp to Majesty during the present war* and for six months after it expiration thereof by the ratification of a definitive treaty sf peace, additional duties on the importation of certain goods, wai^s, and merchandize into Great Britain, and on goods, vim, Theaddi- SUM* rawhandize brought or carried coastwise within Grtd tional bounty Britain, should also have been excluded from the sum, on vdicktk of 15l. for said additional bounty is to be computed; be it therefore enacted V-

every 100l. of the King's moat excellent majesty, by and with the advice 1 SL^ri^con^nt of the 1.

former boun- U1 uu? lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

ties shall not this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of 1 be calculated same, That the said additional bounty of fifteen pounds ffl ?^J!?oun* every one hundred pounds in money, of the produce apd anosH on refined^ ixmQX bounties, shall not be calculatedupon, the produce ad sugar granted amount of the bounty on refined sugar, granted by the said xd by Geo. 3. of the forty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty; c. 53* thing in the saidredted act of the forty-sixth year of his pwsec*

The like Majesty to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

flowed on th^Pereas it is expedient to allow the like bounty on the

exportation oftlon of stigar'ca?ldy, as is now due and payable upon the exportotind ^gar-camly, refined sugar in lumps and therefore further enidei

Tfci

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. cf iro. 581

lint the Hke bounty which is now due and payable upon refinedis now pay-igar in the loaf complete, and whole dr lump duly refined, et- a^I^ta^n of orted. from that part of the united kingdom called Great Britain, silgar lal], from and after die passing of this act, be paid and allowed post the exportation from thence of all sugdr driled candy, roperly refined and mamtfactijired, and free from dirt and scum; id such bounty shall be paid and allowed ih like manner in rery respect, and subject to and under and according to the like lies and regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, xcept where any alteration is made by this act,) as any bounty pon such candy was heretofore paid or allowed by any act or 5ts of parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That no bounty shall be paid Custom-house r allowed upon any such candy, unless the same shall have been officerJ* icked in the King's warehouse, at the port or place from C

hence the same is intended to be shipped for exportation* inugar-candy le presence of the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's l?r exports-ishxns, who shall be appointed Or directed for that purpose^ Dy ^on' le Commissioners of his Majesty's customs, or any three or more F them for the time being; and such offifcer and officers are creby authorised and required to attend the packing thereof, id to mark and seal every package with his or their official ol.

CAP. CX.

An act for granting during the continuance of the j&eriht Hvhr, aHd wait she months ester the ratification cf a definitive friary tf peace, an additional bounty on she importation of the silk mtihttfaciures of Great Britain.

[July 21, 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the bounty mow payable upon the exportation of the silk manufactures of Great Britain should'increased\ be it therefore enacted, by the King's most excellent

Ky, by and With the advice and consent of the lords spiritual nporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, id by the Authority of the same, That there shall be paid nr An additional lowed to any person or persons, who; at any time from and tef die passing of this act, and during the continuance of th^ for every xco/. resent war, and until six months aftet the expiration thereof by of the amount te ratification of a definitive treaty of peace; sR*B really and of bounties ily export from Great Britain, by way of merchandize, any of [^pect ofe goods or commodities of the silk manufacture bf Great JSW-gopdaof the in particularly specified in An act passed in the eighth year of manufacture Is late majesty King George the First, intituled An act forencOU-MGreal lgement of the silk manufactures of this kingdom, and for taking veral duties on merchandizes exported; and for rediicing the dams c. xm beaver-skins, pepper, rrtace, cloves, and nutmegs imported; and X hdportation of all furs of the product of the British plantations rto tins kingdom only; and that the two corporations cf assurance i any suits brought on their policies shall be liable only to single images and costs of suit % the allowances or sums of money here-

D t 00*1* SifteT M

582 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. iii.

[1806.

after mentioned, in addition to* the allowances or bounties payable by law in Tespect thereof* that is to say, an allowance or additional bounty, at and after the rate of thirty-three pomdi six shillings and eightpence for every onediundred pounds of tk amount of the allowances or bounties now payable in respect of any such goods or commodities exported as aforesaid. Additional

II. And be it further enacted, That the additional aflorocc bounty to be or bounty by this act granted*' shall be paid and allowed in tb? Sounties0"11^5ame manine!r> and subject to the same rules, regulations, and restrictions, as the allowances and bounties granted by lav ire now paidrand allowed.

CAP. CXI.

r an act for autlioMting his Majesty in council to allow, during tk

r present dratr', dtid fotsix months afUr the ratification of a dtfixv tivl tredfjfjfpeacethe importation and exportation of certain pol [and cOtnMdituts iniieutral ships, into and from his Majesty's tem fortes '/jriMP'W'dst' Indies and continent of South America.-J [July 2f, 1806.] ... V;

WHEREAS diking the late and the present war, emergence have at various times arisen, essentially affecting the necesser, supply of the British West India islands, and of lands and territsrm belonging to his Majesty on the continent of South America \ and n, has been fqund expedient and necessary, for the trade and crnmera of the said islands, lands, and territories, and for the support of tk inhabitants thereof, that certain articles should be allowed to beimpertn into and exportfd from the said islands, lands, and territories, it ship, and vessels belonging to subjects if states in amity with Ins Majesty and permission has accordingly from time to time been granted to tid ^effect by his Majesty's governors or lieutenant-governors if tk m islands and territories: and whereas the several orders, proclamation and acts mads, issued^ and done in that behalf, being against the on I visions, ofdivers acts of parliament, have nevertheless, on account ft h expediency and necessity thereof, been from time to time justified cad in.dcmnfied by i divers acts passed, for that purpose: and whereas it \ proper that provision should be made for meeting such emergencies r| future, without the necessity of frequent violations of the law ly Majesty's officers appointed and siivorn to administer and execute t\ same; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and, consent of the lords spirits, and temporal* amLcommons, in this present parliament assembled Mis Majestynd by the authority of the same, That from and after the passin Se^impoita- act> lt aWl and may be lawful for his Majesty, and

tionandexr heirs and successors, by and with the advice of nis and thru portation of privy council, to permit or to authorise the governors and m 8kCJi* tenant-governors of the said islands and territories, in sudj tionedinor^ manner and under such restrictions as to his Majesty byantj der in coun- with the advice of his privy council, shall seem fit, to permit, wheij oil, into and the necessity of the case shall appear to his Majesty, with the from the West from time*J

during

and^681 ac*v*ce^pnYy council;

Ind^r

to require

'og

It,

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 112. 583

ring the present war, and for six months after the ratification continent of

a treaty of peace, they importation into and the exportation Arne*

s w*r f r, r.rica, in vessels

kn any island in the West Indies, (in which description belonging to

Bahama islands and the Bermuda or Somer islands are included) states in amity

any lands or territories on the continent of South America to his Ma*

" Majesty belonging, of any such articles, goods, and com-jestf* iditiea, as shall be mentioned in such order of his Majesty in cbxcih in any ships or vessels belonging to the suWects of any

; ie in amity with his Majesty, in such manner as his Majesty,

heirs and successors, by and with the advice aforesaid, shallect; provided such ships or vessels shall duly enter into, xilt, deliver their respective cargoes, and re-load at such ports \y Wrhere regular custom-houses have been established,

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Restriction at t shall be construed to extend to the importation of any articles, ods, or commodities, staves and lumber excepted, which are tain articles/ it the gfrowth or produce of the country to which such ships or

ssels as are provisionally permitted under this act to import em shall belong; nor to the export in such foreign vessels of ty sugar, indigo, cotton, wool, coffipe^ or cocoa.

III. And be it further enacted, That all acts done by virtue of ^ue of this e above mentioned permission or authority, shall be valid and act shall be gal, any former law or statute, to the contrary notwithstanding, valid,

CAP. CXII.

An act to amend the laws of excise, so far as relates to prosecutions Jar. penalties, ft the counterfeiting the stamps on the wrappers, (f paper* and id the punishing persons guilty of perjury. July 21,

WHEREAS by a clause in an get made in the twenty-sixth Vy year of the reign of his present Majesty, ampng other things* r the amendment of several lauds relating to the duties under, the vfriagement of the commissioners of excise, it was enacted that it, 9.' 77*

\omaiiot he lawful for any person or persons whatsoever, to commence, clause ^e-rosecute, enter, or file^ or cause or procure to be commenced, pro- gpecting the cuted, entered, or piled, any action, bill, plaint, or information, or mode of pro* ctions, bills, plaints, or informations, in any of his Majesty's courts, ^cunng for gainst any person or persons, for the recovery of any fine, penalty, or*

nfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, made or incurred by virtue f any act or acts then in force, or thereafter to be made, relating to \ther of his Majestfs revenues of customs or excise, unless the same hottld be commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed, in the name, of his Majesty's attorney ^general, or in the name or names of some fficer or fleers of some or one of his Majesty's said revenues; and if any ction, bill, plaint, or Information, actions, bills, plaints, or in forma-ions, was or were commenced, prosecuted, entered, or fifed, rn any ther person or persons, name or names, than was in that behalf before mentioned, the same and all proceedings thereupon had\ were hereby declared to be null and void, and the said court or courts* where such action, bill, plaint, or information, or actions, bills, plaints,

nr

Vr'

Recited regulations extended to all proceedings in respect of penalties incurred under any act relating to the excise.

584 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. *. [1806.

or informations, was, were, or should be so commenced^ pnueukd, entered, or filedy should not permit or suffer any proceeding or proceedings to be had thereupon: and whereas it is expedient to extend thesmi provisions, and all rules and regulations relating thereto, be it therefore enacted, by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and & mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, the said several recited rules, regulations, and provisions, shaft h, and the same are hereby extended to and the same respecting shall be in force, and be u$?d, applied, and put in executuftt* relation to and upon all proceedings for or in respect of any sadh fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, imposed, made, or mentioned in, or incurred under any act watts relating to his Majesty's revenues of excise, before the convis-sioners of excise, or any three or more of them, in Epgjmix for the time being, or before any justice or justices of the ptace in England and Scotland respectively.

II. And whereof, by an act made in the thirty-fourth year of He 34 G. 3. c.ao. reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the duties on paper, pasteboard, millboard, scalebo&rd, or glued paper, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, it was, amongst other things, enacted, that if any person or persons whosoever should counterfeit, or cause to be counterfeited, any stamp, device, or label, provided, or directed to be used pursuance of the sod recited act, or should counterfeit, forge, or resemble the mark or impression of any such stamp or device, upon any cover or wrapper if or belonging to, or used with or upon any label affikedto ffliratw, bundle, or quantity of paper, or upon any pasteboard, ' rfdUboari, scale-, board, or glazed paper, or should have in his, her, or their eodohf or possession, any such counterfeit stamp or device, knowing the sew to be counterfeited; or should utter, vend, or sell, any paper with a am-terfeit or forged mark or impression, of any such stamp or device in the cover or wrapper of tuck paper, or on any label affixed thereto s then W in every such case, every such person so offending therein should, for every st/ch offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds: aid whereas it is expedient to repeal, in manner herein after mentioned, n.much of the said act as is hereinbefore recited, and in lieu thernf to

direct that every person or persons so offending shall be adjudged pity jf felony, and subject to suck punishment as is herein after directed; witedact xt t"ere^ore enacted, That from and after the fifth day of 34 G. 3. c/io. August one thousand eight hundred and six. so much of the said as respect the act as h hereinbefore recited shall be, and the same is hereby penalty of repealed, save and except in all and every case and cases relating sUmpi Dro-ng to any ne> Penalty> 01 forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, vided for " of the said sum of nve hundred pounds, which have bees incurred paper, See. at any time before or on the said fifth day of August one then-repealed, and sand eight hundred and six; and that from and after the aid counto^tin Aug* one thousand eight hundred and sir, if

stamps on*P6*8011 or persons whatever shall counterfeit or forge, or

any cover or cause to be counterfeited or Forged, any stamp, device, or label, wrapper, or

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c.nt. 585 rovided or directed to be used, in pursuance of the said act, label, affixed nde in the forty-fourth year of the reign of his said Majesty, or anf lall counterfeit, forge, or resemble die mark or impression of paper^Sc?

Lsuch stamp or device, upon any cover or wrapper of or shall be guilty iging to, or used with or upon any label affixed to any ream of felony, r quantity of paper, or upon any pasteboard, millboard, scale-oard, or glazed paper, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his eirs or successors, or shall have in his, her, or their custody or wsession, any such counterfeit or forged stamp or device, flowing the same to be counterfeited or forged, or shall utter, end, or sell any paper with a counterfeit or forged mark or im-ression of any such stamp or device on the cover or wrapper of ocb paper, or on any label affixed thereto, or on any pasteboard, flftoard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, with a counterfeit or

Sed mark or impression of any such stamp or device upon pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, or upon nj libel affixed thereto, knowing the same to be so counte*-rited or forged, every person so offending, and being thereof Wy convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death, sin cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

W. And whereas, by several acts relating to his Majesty's duties f excise, oaths are required to be taken in manner therein mentioned\ midis expedient to make such provision as is herein after mentioned, ir die punishment of persons wilfully taking a false oath, in any of the wes in which an oath is by arty such act directed or required to be iflbw, be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of Persons tak-act, airy person or persons who shall be convicted of wilfully jngfelse oaths taktag a false oath in any of the cases in which an oath is by any ^iSdbsMflic wt 01 acts of parliament relating to the duties of excise <*6e.Uws, directed or requited to be taken, shall be liable to the pains and shall be sub* penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt:

And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and un-

foriefttires, imposed by an act made irt the forty-third year of the der43 G.3. reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to amend so much c. 119. how to if art act made in this session of parliament, for granting ad- be meowed iitwhd duties of excise, as relates to the exportation of tea to Ireland; anc* for regulating the granting of permits for the removal of coffee, ted, and cocoa-nuts, out of warehouse* and for more effectually securing the duties on coffee; shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine* penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in arty of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court rtf exchequer of Scotland respectively; and that one moiety of every such nne, penalty, or forfeiture, shall go and be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

586 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. i 13, 114.^1808.

CAP. CXIII.

An act to permit for and during the continuance of the mint sr,

' French tvines to he imported from Ireland into Great Brian in bottles or fasts, under certain restrictions*  {July 21, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his present Majesty, intituled An act for pennies 83* ting French wines to be imported into this kingdom from the

isles of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, in bottles or flasks: ai whereas another act was passed in the forty-second year of his prcuM 4a G. 3. c. 44. Majesty, intituled An act for permitting French wines to be imported into Great Britain in bottles or flasks under certain restrictions; by which said acts it was made lawful to import mb Great Britain, from the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, any French wine in packager, each containing at the least six dozen reputed quart-bottles or flash: and whereat it is expediat that a like allowance should be given to the importation of French kvines from Ireland; be it therefore enacted by the King's post excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par* French wines liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Tiut, in packages from and after the passing of this act, for and during the eran-tinuance of the present war, it shall and may be lawful to import dozen quart-nt0 Great Britain from Ireland, any French wines in padugtt, bottles or each of which shall contain at the least six dozen reputed quart-flaiks, may be bottles or flasks, as well for sale as for private use, on payment miportedinto of the several and respective duties, as well customs as excise, from Ireland1 as are now ^ue anc* P^hl on the importation of such wines, on payment of by any act or acts of parliament; provided that such wines duties. be imported in British or /nVA-built ships or vessels pwaed, navigated and registered according to law, and in such manner, and under the like rules, regulations, conditions, and restrict tions, and shall be subject and liable to such and the lie penalties and forfeitures as are provided and in force in relation to the importation of any French wines in bottles or flasks m* ported into Great Britain.

CAP. CXIV.

An act to amend an act passed in the last session of parliament, for increasing the drawback on linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies.

[July 21, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the last session of pork* 45 G. c. 8.* went, intituled An act for increasing the drawback on

linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies: a*i

whereas it may be injurious to the linen manufactures of the Vdtrd Kingdom if the drawbacks of the duties of customs allowed by dot act should continue to be allowed on the foreign plain cloths, fh lawns, and plain linens, described in the schedule to which that ad

Timers:

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 115. 587

efers; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent From March

ujesty, by and with the advice'and consent of the lord's spi- it?*

itual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament^allow-

ssembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and ances shall be

ifter the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred in force only

nd seven, the said act and allowances thereby given, shall be j^11

n force only with respect to German and Russian linen chequered^Rusgjan

mt striped, the thread or yarn of which the same is made, taring linen of the

floured, jtairied, or dyea bfefore the manufacture. hind herein

mentioned.

CAP. CXV.

An act to permit raisins, currants, and Jigs to he exported frfm Great Britain, duty free.

[July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for permitting certain 43 Q. 3-c.ija. good imported 'into Great Britain, to be secured in warehouse without payment of'dutyi it was enacted, that before any goods, waresj or! merchandize, except sugar, which should have been lodged in a?dr Warehouse or warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the dirftfibns ' of the Said recited act, shut Id be delivered from thence fit the'phrpoff of being exported from Great Britain, the exporter of provAetifr of any Such goods^ wares, or merchandize, ' should 'viake a aht erthy thereof with the proper officer or officers of the customs, ani'bhjdlf pay down in ready money, without ary discount or abate-m?nl Whatever, the full' amount of certain additional duties of customs granted by an act passed in the fortydhird year of ms present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty, 43 0.3. c. 70. during the present war, and until the ratification of a definitive treaty^r peace, additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, and on the tWtfiagd of ships and Vessels in Great Britain; which would krve beeti due and payable for the same, in case such goods, wares, or merchandize had been taken from the warehouse or place wherein*they had been lodged or secured for the purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient that permission should be given to export certain articles warehoused under the directions of the said Jrst recited act without payment of any duty: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords: spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from fcaisins, See. and after the passing of this act, where any raisins, currants, may be take*

and figs shall have been or shall hereafter be lodged in any 9^ 'fulw .0, .*house wnefw

warehouse or warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the secured, and

directions of the said first recited act, it shall and may be exported dv^y

lawful for the ^proprietor thereof to export the same duty free; frcc*

and the proper officer having the custody thereof in any such

warehouse, shall and may deliver the same from thence to the proprietor thereof, for the purpose of being exported from

588 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. if6. [1806.

Great Britain without the payment, by such proprietor or exporter thereof, of any duty for the same; subject nevertheless, m all other respects, to the same rules, regulations, and teiknc-tions as other goods, wares, and Merchandize exported tm such warehouses.

I

CAP. CXVI.

A net to allow certain articles to be departed from Gibraltar ad Malta direct to his Majestfs colonies in North Angelica* ri return fir British-American fish.

[July 21, 1806.]

fhiitf wine, &c. may be hipped (in veasels arriving with the produce of fisheries) at Malta or Gibraltar, for exportation to the British colonies in America, dec.

febties to be paid on importation.

WHEREAS, by the laws in force, no commodity of the pn4 production, or manufacture of Europe, is allowed to be in-ported into any place to his Majesty belonging, or which shall hereafter belong unto or be in the possession of his Majesty > his heirs and nr* cessors, in Asia, Africa, or America, but what shall be bona fide and without fraud laden and shipped. in Great Britain or Ireland, except sab fir the fisheries of Nova^-Scotia, Newfoundland, ad Quebec, which may be laden in arm pari of Europe, and also except any goods fit and necessary for the fishery in the British colonies or plantations in America, being the growth, ptyddet, or manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, or of the islands f Guernsey or Jersey, which may be shipped and laden in lif ted islands respectively by any of the inhabitants thereof, add also ehxft wines of the growth of the Madeiras, and the Western islands f Azores, which may be laden at those places respectively s end Whereas it may tend to the benefit of the British fisheries, and to the advantage of the commerce and navigation of tins odunML if permission was given fir certain other articles to be skipped fa m British colonies in North America at other places in Europe ion thou hereinbefore mentioned, under certain regulations and restrictions / be it therefore enacted by1 the King* most excefcrtt majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lofds spiritual and temporal, and commons* in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, any fruit, wine, oil, salt, or cork, the produce of Europe, may oe shipped and laden at Mona or Gibraltar for exportation direct to the said colonies or plantations in North America, on board any Bn/isA-built ship or vessel owned, navigated, and registered according to law, which shall arrive with the produce of the said fisheries, taken and cured by Iris Majesty's subjects carrying oil the said fishery, from any of the said plantations, or from Great Britain or Jrdmd respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the importation of the said goods into any of the said colonies or plantations in North Atnerica, the same shall be subject and liable to the payment of such duties as the like description of goods are nor subject and liable to upon being legally imported into the sad colonies or plantations: provided always, that nothing herein

M-} Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 117, 118. 589

contained shall permit or allow the exportation from any of the Restriction aid plantations, of any goods, wares, or merchandize, (not Jf e*P, i rang the produce of the fisheries) contrary to any act or acts of from rarfiament relating to the trade between Great Britain and such the colonies British colonies; and provided also, that before any goods shall not being the >e allowed to be shipped or laden on board any ship or vessel

it Gibraltar or Malta aforesaid, in pursuance of this act, the tt"cncf naster or other person having or taking the command or charge hereof shall make oath before the governor, lieutenant-governor, or commander in chief for the time being (and which oath they ire hereby authorised and required to administer,) that the riiole cargo of such ship or vessel is entirely the produce of the British fisheries in North America, and was really and bona fide aken and cured by his Majesty's subjects carrying on the said ishery from any of the said plantations, or from Great Britain or Ireland respectively.

CAP. CXVII.

in act to permit until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and nine* the importation of masts9 yards, and bowsprits, or <jf timber fit for naval purposes, from the British colonies North America, duty free.

[July 21, 1806.]

WHEREAS a large supply of timber for naval purposes might be derived from his Majestfs British colonies in North America; but by reason of the duty payable for the importation of the same, and the high freight thereupon^ the importation thereof is*subjected to great disadvantages, and it is therefore expedient that farther encouragement should be given to the importation thereof; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing Masts &c. of this act, until the first day of January one thousand eight nuy be im* hundred and nine, it shall be lawful for any person or persons to import into the United Kingdom from any of his Majesty's cojon[e8 in British colonies or plantations in North America, in British or North Irish ships or vessels, owned, registered, and navigated accord-America, ingxto law, any masts, yards, and bowsprits, or timber fit for ^uly froe# naval purposes!, of the growth or produce of the said colonies or plantations, without paying any subsidy, custom, or other duty whatsoever for the same; any statute, law, custom, or usage to: the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, that the same shall be regularly entered and landed under the care of the proper officers of the customs.

---

CAP. CXVIII.

An act to extend the time for purchasing the legal quays and warehouses in the port of London, and for authorising the lords of of his Majesty's treasury to purchase Somer's and Lyon's Quays in the said port.

[July 21, 1806.]

590 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 119. [1806.

CAP. CXIX.

An act to prohibit for two years after the conclusion of the present session of parliament, any ships to clear out from any port of Great Britain, for the coast of Africa, for the Purpose of taking on board negroes, unless such ships shall have been previously employed in the African trade, or contracted for, for that Purpose.

[July 21, 1806.]

---

WHEREAS it is expedient that ships, not hitherto empkyeiis carrying slaves from the coast of Africa, or contractedfir to he employed in such trade, should not he permitted to be cleared at front Great Britain for such purpose; May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[No vessel, unless employed in

That, from and after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and six, no ship or vessel shall be permitted to dear dave c^riying out from any port in Great Britain for the coast of Africa} for AuiC the purpose of shipping or carrying slaves from the coas of

contracted for Africa> unless such ship or vessel shall have been, before the before June said first day of August, employed in the said trade by the same

1806, to owner or owners, or shall have been contracted for bcfbr$ the clear out from tent^a7 ^une one thousand eight hundred and six, for the Great Britain, purpose of being employed in the said trade; and the proper for the pur- officers of customs clearing out any ship or vessel after the aid of car- first day of August from any port in Great Britain, for the par-, pose of shipping and carrying slaves from, Africa, shall Ctttly ! that such ship or vessel had been so employed or contracted for; and such certificate shall be annexed to the clearance.

[Collector or comptroller of customs at port of clearance may require proof of the vessel being or having been so employed or contracted for.]

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Collector or Comptroller of any Port from which any Ship or Vessel shall be about to clear out for such Trade, to require Proof on the Oath of the Master, or some one or more of the Owners of such Ship or Vessel (which Oath such Collector and Comptroller is hereby empowered to administer) that such Ship or Vessel has, before the said Day, been employed in the said Trade by the same Owner or Owners, or shall have been contracted for before the Tenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six.

Contract to

III. And be it further enacted, That no ship or vessel shall be proved be- be deemed or allowed by any collector or comptroller to hare fore commi 8- been contracted for as aforesaid, unless the owner or owners pointtrf^by the the sa*d ship or vessel shall, On or before the said first day Treasury, and of August, have made proof on oath, to the satisfaction of con*-certificate to missioners to be named by the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, and which of the said lords of of his Majesty's treasury are hereby authorised and required to appoint, (and which oath the said of are hereby empowered to administer), that such ship or vessel was actually and bond side before the said tenth day of Jmy

COQtX3Cted

poses rying slaves from the edast of Africa. Collector or comptroller

be produced to collector of customs.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 119. 591

Dntracted for, for the purpose of Carrying slaves from the oast of Africa, and unless a certificate of such proof having een* made under the hands and seals of the said commis-oners, shall be produced to the said collector or comp--oiler.

IV. And be it furthtr enacted, That the owners of every Owners of hip or vessel not being so cleared out, and having such cer.^8cls not ificate of clearance as aforesaid, in which any slave shall be^eJ^ QUt> hipped or carried from the coast of Africa, contrary to the carrying rovisions of this act, shall forfeit for every slave so carried slaves, to for-he sym of fifty pounds, to be recovered as any like penaltyfat 50l.

aay be recovered \111der any of the acts of parliament or laws or the regulation of the African slave-trade.*

V. And whereas since the first day of January one thousand ight hundred and six, some vessels employed in the said trade may ither have been captured by the enemy, or condemned as unfit for he voyage t and whereas in some cases contracts for vessels in the dace of those so captured or condemned may not have been made efore the tenth day f June one thousand eight hundred and six:

\hd whereas persons engaged in the African trade, and having \oods remaining on the coast, or debts due to them from thence,

1vhicky up to the present time, they have considered as good and reco- The Trea-jerable, may be unable to recover their said property, for want of sury, on oath niseis to transport it; be it therefore enacted,

[The Treasury, on oath being made before Aug. 1, 1806, may grant licence to persons to contract for and employ ships necessary for securing their debts or effects by purchase of slaves, or otherwise.]

Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, upon sufficient Proof of the said Premises, made to them on Oath before the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, to grant Licence to such Persons to contract for and employ such Ship or Ships as they shall make appear to be necessary for securing or bringing away the said Debts or Effects, either by the Purchase of Slaves or otherwise, so as that the Ship or Ships to be contracted for, under such Licence, shall in no Case exceed in Tonnage the Ships captured or condemned, in the Place of which they shall be applied for, and shall be liable to all the Regulations by Law established respecting the carrying of Slaves from Africa.

[Punishing persons guilty of perjury.]

VI. And be it farther enacted, That if any person, upon any such examination on oath, shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear any matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, every such person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties, as by any law now in being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

---

[Act to continue in force two years.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be and continue in force for the term of two years, and no longer, from and after the conclusion of the present session of parliament.

592 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 120. [1806.

CAP. CXX.

An Act to continue several acts for granting certain rates and duties, and allowing certain drawbacks and bounties on goods, wares, and merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, until the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and seven: and several acts for granting duties upon malt and spirits made and distilled in Ireland, and for the better collection and security of the revenues of customs and excise in Ireland, and for preventing frauds therein, until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and seven; and to amend several of the said acts.

[July 21, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the last session of parliament,

[45 G. 3. c. 18. (customs act,)]

---

intituled An act for granting to his Majesty until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, certain pfci

and duties, and to allow certain drawbacks and bounties upon goods, wares, and merchandize imported into and exported from JMn4n*eu ^ormer rates and duties, drawbacks and bounties: mi 2^9 whereas the said recited act was, by an act made in this session offer* 46 G* 3* c. 1 a. liament, continued until the twenty-ninth day of September one tkub sect. x. sand eight hundred and six: and whereas an act was made hrtta 460.3. c. 6 % > present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting talw-customs on Majesty until the twenty-ninth day of September one timmad eight hundred and six, certain duties on the importation, mi to allow certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of ofttaift sorts of iron, sugar, and tea, into and from Ireland; and wiener1 it is expedient that the said recited acts, and also the several ratetend duties granted, and the drawbacks and bounties allowed by them, or my of them, the duration of which was by the said recited acts oramfif them limited to the twenty-ninth day ^September one thousand a^t! hundred and six, should be further continued; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and I consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in de present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[45

iron, sugar, and tea*

That the rates and duties granted, and the drawbacks sod bounties allowed by the said recited acts, until and upaa the!, #111, x*7. twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and

Reflations in six, snail respectively continue and be in force throughout rented acts _ Ireland, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of Sntewber shall remain in one thousand eight hundred and six, until and upon themthdsyl July S, 1807. one thousand eight hundred and seven; and die saadj

*recited acts and the duties thereby granted, so far as they are not i

altered or repealed by each other, and aH the powers and provisions, articles, clauses, matters, and things contained in the uad recited acts or any of them, shall be observed and complied wirk during the term hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if tte same had been bt the said recited acts or any of them extended to the term hereby granted, and as if the term herebjrgfttted had xhade part of the said recited acts or any of diem; and thit the several articles in respect whereof any rate or duty is panted or imposed, or any drawback or bounty is allowed oy die sub

recited

Duties under recited acts continued to July c. 1807

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 120. 593

cited acts or either of them, until and upon the twenty-ninth if of September one thousand eight hundred and six, snail reflectively be and remain liable to the rates and duties hereby mtinued or made payable on the same, and entitled to the rawbacks and bounties allowed in respect thereof, under the gulations and provisions of the said recited acts respectively, om the said twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight rndred and six, until and upon the fifth day of July one thou-ad eight hundred and seven, according to the true intent and caning of this act.

II. And whereas an act was made w the last session of parliament, tituled, An act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon mak4* G. 3. c.aa. ade in Ireland, and upon spirits made or distilled in Ireland, for year one th6u$and eight hundred and five: and whereas the id recited act was by an act of this session of parliament continued4$ G. 3. C. ia. I the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and r s end whereas an act was made in the present session ofparlia-nrf, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties 46 G. 3. c. 67* 1 mak and spirits made in Ireland, which duties were by the said rt recited act to continue until the twenty-ninth day /'September one wand eight hundred and six: and whereas it is expedient that the Ulastrecited acts, and the duties granted, and the drawbacks allowed the said recited acts should be further continued in manner herein after 'timed; be it therefore enacted, That the duties granted by t said recited act of the forty-fifth year, on spirits made or-^Q 8^" killed in Ireland, and also the several duties granted by the said and duties on rited act of this present session, intituled An act for granting malt and tain duties on malt and spirits made in Ireland, and the draw-Ch allowed by the said last recited act, shall respectively con- Under46G. j. iseand be in force throughout Ireland, from and after the said c. 67, further tntjr-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six; continued till til and upon the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand September 19, [ht hundred and seven; and the said recited acts, so far as they are 1 07*t altered or repealed by each other, or by any act or acts in force the time of the passing of this act, and all the powers and proions, articles and clauses, matters and things contained in the d recited acts or any of them, so far as they are not altered or lealed as aforesaid, shall be observed and complied with ring the term hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if the ne had been extended to the term hereby granted, and as if the m hereby granted had made part of the said recited acts or any them.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any icle is by law entitled to a bounty on the importation or ty ^allnSUbe rotation thereof from Ireland, no duty shall be paid on the liable to duty, rotation or exportation from Ireland, of any article on which h bounty shall be paid or allowed 5 a^y thing in the said tmbefore recked acts or any of them, or in any other act or D^es shall be s in force in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding. carried no the

IV. And be it further enacted, That all monies arising from Irish consoli-duties mated or continued by the said several recited acts, dated fund.

revenues.

594. Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 120.

and hereby continued, and not by any of the said vtf appropriated or directed to be applied to any particular we 0 uses, purpose or purposes, (the necessary charges of raising ui paying the same being deducted,) shall be earned to, aadedr part of the consolidated fund of Ireland.

V. And whereas several acts relating to the better cdlechm m security of the revenues of customs and excise in Ireland are nets j firing, and it is expedient that the same or certain parts thereof Asti Recital of acts be continued in manner herein after mentioned: be it therein; for collection enacted, That the several acts herein after recited, or so rad tion*o? Irish and-such parts of them as are herein after mentioned, and all d every the powers, authorities, provisions, regulations, penalty forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things in the said several ream acts or any of them contained, (except as herein after is except and except such clauses and provisions of any of the said reciai acts as have been amended or repealed by any clause or cha in any other or others of the said recited acts or by this act, e any other act or acts,) shall be, and the same are hereby respectively further continued, and shall be in force throupa Ireland; that is to say, an act made in the parliament of Wa. in the thirty-seventh year of the reigiT of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating and extending the tobaceo4rfa em for securing the duties payable on the import and manufactn J tobacco, as the same is amended by an act made in the pariamei: of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and also so much of an act made in the parliament of Ireland ie thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating the import, export, and sale of coffee, adib curing the duties payable thereupon, as relates to the import 12-export of coffee, and securing the duties thereon; and also i much of an act made in the parliament of Ireland in thethim Auctions and eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, ife.{^<3 ?)*' to seciire collection of the duties on auctions, and on gUfabs&t c. 14. (sect. 1, ma^e in this kingdom, and on paper printed, painted, or si fad* 2$, and sect, this kingdom to serve for hangings or other uses, and to prevent fre*5l.Jas amend-therein, as relates to the duties on auctions and glass-bottles, zi CL) 39 G.3.as the same is amended with respect to the said duties by tv { .; c. 4. sectacts ma(je in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-ninth py* and fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty; and a! an act made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-eighth &' of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act t % rtpfa the trade of rectifying spirits, and to prevent frauds on his Mfajl revenue by rectifiers of spirits, as the Same is amended by aa a' made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-ninth year reign of his present Majesty; and also an act made in the ment of Ireland in the fortieth year of his present Majesty* int ituled. An act for the better collection of all duties on Judes a tanned and dressed in oil, and on vellum and parchmetit tnadt land, and for preventing frauds on his Majesty's revenue ti also an act made in the parliament of Ireland in the f< of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act jb

Tobacco.

37 O.3. (I.) c. 42. at amended by 40 G. 3. (I.) c. 77.

Coffee.

31 O. 3 (I.) c., .

i. 40. 0.3. (I.) c. 87.

Rectifiers.

38 g.3.(i.)

c. 5a. at amended by

39 G. 3.(1.) c. 58.

Hides and skins.

40 G. 3. (I.)

<\ 9-

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 120^ 595

1payment of bounties on the exportation of certain manufactures ^Bounties.

/ kingdom; ^nd also so much of an act madfe In the parliament40 *3* (*) Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty,10i atxlled. An act for the better regulation of and securing the duties Cards, yable on licences do persons engaged in trie several trades therein 40/f* ^ct xgntionedj and to hawkers and pedlars, and the duties on playing and geq*

rdsi and for securing the eXpences of distraining for the Kin ft its, and fir other purposes, as relates to the duties on playing cards, d to licences for mating cards, and also so much of Uie said t recited act as does not relate to the other licences in the id act mentioned; and also an act made in the parliament of Hand in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, fituled, An act for the better regulating the issuing and granting ^Permits, routs and certificates for the conveyance and protection of certain*0 G. 3. (L) cisable goods therein mentioned, and to prevent frauds by dealers inc^ q. c _ retailers of such goods, as the same is amended by an act of the 5

it session of parliament; and also so much of an act made in e parliament of the United Kingdom in the forty-third year of e reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to amend several regu-

ts of parliament for the better collection and security of his Majesty's 1* q" venue of customs and excise in Ireland, and for preventing frauds J treitJ9 and to make further regulations relating thereto, as relates to sect 1, a. e duty r on auctions, and as relates to the making further pro* Auctions, sion for the better regulating the issuing and granting of per-sect. 4.-8. its shftd certificates for the conveyance and protection of certain Permit8 insable gbods, and as relates to the discontinuing the working 'Tising pits or vats by tanners; and also so much of an 'act sect. 44. ade in the forty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, Tanners. iituled, An act for mating further regulations for the better col- General regu-rtfon and security of his Majesty's Revenue of customs and excisec*9 1Q t t Itehmd, and for preventing frauds therein, as relates to permits sect. 16, 17. htive to excisable goods, and to certificates by importing Permits/ ferchants for foreign wine*and also an act made in the last ission of parliament, intituled An act to continue until the twenty- House a^d nth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and nend several acts for regulating the collection of the duties in Ireland c. 105.

1 fire-hearths, on dwelling-houses, on coaches and other carriages, on ale-servants, on horses, and on dogs; and also an act made in the St session of parliament, intituled An act to continue until the PaP^r-venty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six '5*c*10*id amend several acts for regulating and securing the collection of the tties on paper shade in Ireland, and on paper printed, painted, or uned in Ireland, to serve for hangings or other uses; and the said its and every of them (except as aforesaid) are hereby re-lectirely continued until and upon the twenty-ninth day of Sep-mber one thousand eight hundred and seven j and all the said Recited acta cited acts shall be observed and complied with during the con- con||^bert^1 nuance of this act, in the raising, collecting, levying, paying, Igo7?I(e^pt, id managing the several duties of customs, excise, and taxes, as altered or tyable in Ireland under or by virtue of any act or acts in force repealed by id effect at the time of the passing of this act, as fully andotilcr acU#'

9& Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c.I2i-  1x3. [i&ok

effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said acfc hai been respectively extended to all the said duties, and to the tiaa herein mentioned\ and as if all the said duties and the time, herein mentioned had been mentioned and contained in the said recited acts or any of them.

Affidavit re-

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That so much of dr quired by said recited act made in the last session of parliament, for a-sect*'/ Cil-S' gulati"g ejection of the duties on fire-nearths, dweDa^-pealed, as to houses, coaches* carriages, male-servants, horses, and dogSi a value of occy- relates to that part of the affidavit to be made in certain casn bj piers'goods, the occupier of any tenement or house in Ireland> not having man than six windows or lights, which requires such occupier to swear that he has not any floods or chattels to the value of ta pounds over and above all just debts, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That an act made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-sixth year of the"reign of hi 36 G.3. (I.) Present Majesty, intituled An act for continuing and amending th c. 5 x.Fisheries. several acts for the further improvement and extension of the fisheries on the coasts of this kingdom; and also an act made in the parliament of Ireland, in the session of parliament held in die thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain and amend an act passed in this msisrt of parliament, intituled, ( An act for granting annuities in tie manner therein provided\ to such persons as shall voluntarily subscribe Uh wards the raising a sum not exceeding the sum of two hmind ami sixty five thousand pounds / which said recited acts have by several subsequent acts been continued, and are in force, until and upon the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, shall be, and the same are hereby further, continued, and shall be in force in Irelandf from the said twetty ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, until and upon the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight "hundred and seven.

CAP. CXXI.

An act to repeal so much of an act, made In the first year of King Junes the Second, as prohibits the importation of gunpowder^ anus, utensilsof war, from Ireland.  r[july ai, 1806.]

Act, 1 J. a. c. 8. ao far as it extends to prevent $he importation qF artkkt the manufacture of Irelai.d, repealed; and any person may import gus-powder, arms, &c.

Cap. exm

An act to revive and amend an act, made in the parliament of Ireland, fix enabling the lord-lieutenant to appoint of for enquiring isto the several fynds and revenues granted for the purposes of educstSc* and into the state and conditions of all schools in Ireland.  I

M G.

(I.) c. 7. Tontines.

1806.]

-fJnfy sv

CAP. CXXIII.

jT

An act to amend several acts for the sale of his Majesty's qttiMefrtJt crown, and other rents; and of certain lands forfeited and mdkposed of in Ireland.

[July , 1806.]

Gc; Ie CAP

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 124. 597

CAP. CXXIV.

act to enable Jus Majesty to accept the services of volunteers from'militia Ireland, under certain restrictions.  {July 21, 1806.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the forty fourth year of his pre-V sent Majestf s reign, intituled An act for empowering his 44G.J.C. 33. jesty to direct the augmentation of his militia-forces in Ire-iy to an extent therein limited, it is enacted, that it shall and } be lawful for the lord-lieutenanty' or other chief governor or emors oj Ireland for the time beings to issue Ms orders to any net or commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of the militia reland, to enrol and receive into such regiment or battalion such tnteers as shall offer to serve in the said militia, and such number shall be from time to iime necessary to supply any vacancies in the U by death, desertion, or lawful discharge, provided that the mgtm of any regiment or battalion of militia shall not exceed one m rank and file per company: and whereas the said militia-fments have been lately augmented under the provisions of the said fadX nety and it would be highly beneficial to the publick service, t a proportion of the militiaforces of Ireland should be permitted mfcr from time to time into the regiments of the line, or of the royal tines9 for general service for the purpose of increasing the dis-acte force of the empire: may it therefore please your Majesty t it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most felftnit majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the ds spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-xtt assembled, and by the authority of the same, That at any His Majesty m within twelve calendar months after the twenty-fourth day may direct one thousand eight hundred and six, and also at anyny 8llc^ fte whatever within twelve calendar months after the twenty- S^or^arines Wh day of July in the year one thousand eight hundred and as he shall feto, or in any subsequent year, while the said militia shall appoint, to atmue augmented under the provisions of the said recited:, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any order signified by of Ire-

i lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for gene-rf for the time beitig^ qt his or their chief secretary, from ral service, le to time to order and direct any such regiments of the line, any such regiments of royal marines, as his Majesty shall ne and appoint, to receive volunteers from the militia-forces Ireland for general service out of any regiment, battalion, or rps of the said militia named in any such order; and that it ill be lawful for any private militia-man in the said militia to list under this act for general service, subject to the regu-iem herein after mentioned, into any silch regiment of the e of his Majesty's regular forces, or into any such regiment the royal marines, as his Majesty shall hereafter, by any such Jjer as aforesaid, from time to time, name and appoint to seive volunteers from the regiment, battalion, or corps of ilitta to which any such private man shall at^the time of such listing under this act, belong.

598 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 104. [l$o4

Cranun?ng D. And be it further enacted, That every commanding office nStoTto -C an^ re8*ment battalion, or corps of the militia of biaM^ plain to ther whenever he shall receive his Majesty's directions, signified zj Jnen the terms aforesaid, for that purpose, shall explain to the private aan of of enlistment, the regiment, battalion, or corps of which he shall, for the im chiee sud^as bave the command, in such manner and at such tina

shall declare (within one calendar month from the time of his first recemcg within ten such directions,) as his Majesty shall by any such order appocs, 4?Y8 inten- the terms upon which any private man serving in the saidaim, ion o en ist- may enjj8t; nt0 Aguiar forces or royal marines, for gessal service under this act; and if upon the terms of such editing being explained and made known to them as aforesaid, asypw vate militia-man shall, within ten days then next voluntarily declare an intention to be enlisted into his regular forces or royal marines for general service, it sinU lawful for such commanding officer as aforesaid, and every sack commanding officer is hereby required to discharge such pent* from the said militia, and that every such private mas 10 & charged as aforesaid shall immediately belong as a private sat to the regiment or corps into which he shall declare his interim to enlist, and shall be immediately enlisted and attested for such regiment or corps in due course of law, and shall, as soon it conveniently may be, be transferred to some officer of sachiegi-ment or corps, or such other officer as his Majesty nnv lure appointed to receive men enlisted under this act, and shukrv and be entitled to such bounty, and in suck maftner as his Majesty may in that behalf direct, together with sobriteoce, pay, and clothing, to be paid and furnished in like mams, in every respect, and subject to, and under the like laws, nda, and regulations as are provided and used for the regiments orcocpi of his Majesty's regular forces or royal marines into which ch private jnihtia-man shall have enlisted for general service as aforesaid 5 any act or acts in force in Ireland to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding, fvuuicnuniocr

III. Provided always, an$l be it enacted, That in case the allowdtolbe whole number of men allowed to be discharged at any one time, discharged in pursuance of such directions under the provisions of this act, shall not de- froip any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, sh^ll not vohm-

tenri on*\rithin taril? dercIare their ^ention of enlisting intp his Majesty ten days after regular forces or royal marines, for general service, yrithm the the terms sh^U space of t^n days after the terms of such enlisting have beta have been made known to them as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for tenda\'s all^any suc^ men dcc?are Sl!ch intention within ten daymen lowed? succeeding such first mentioned ten days; and such men shall he allowed to be discharged and to enlist, and shall be discharged and enlisted accordingly under the provisions of fois act.

Men discharge

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any pets ed, afterwards So discharged from the said militia, for the purpose of being MlUt" or re- en^sted into his Majesty's regular forces or royal marines amltr jectetj, shall this act, shall refuse to enlist pursuant to any declaration of continue to being desirous to enlist, so made by him as aforesaid, or shall he22f to the rejected by any officer to w^ippointed for inspecting men so

niff

In case the whole number

599

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 124.

ring to enlist, or shall by any means not be actually enlisted the Tegular forces or royal marine^ under this act, then and irery such case, such person shall continue to belong to the iment, battalion, or corps of militia from which he shall have 1 so discharged for the purpose of being enlisted as aforesaid* withstanding any such discharge*

T. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no private No militia-tia-man shall be entitled to enlist under this act who shall be man entitled onfinement under any sentence of any court-martial, or who il be under confinement with a view to being tried by any ment^or shall rt-martial, until he shall have suffered the sentence of such have !>een sen, rtwnartial; and that no private militta-man shall be entitled tenoed to any lia.discharge, or to enlist under this act, who shall have been onfinement, or who shall have been sentenced to any punish- nfartialwithin it by any court-martial for any offence committed within two months, space of two calendar months previous to the time of his offering to enlist, unless he shall obtain the consent of the mel or commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or ps of militia, in which he shall be serving at the time of his tg desirous of enlisting as aforesaid.

fi. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no serjeant No serjeant or lrummer, nor any person serving in the militia who shall be drummer, See. ally employed as a musician in the band of the regiment, hout

on, or corps of militia to which he shall belong, or shall be consent of the ally employed as an armourer, paymaster's or adjutant's commanding k, or regimental clerk in any such regiment, battalion, or officer* ps, shall be entitled to his discharge, or to enlist into his jetty's. regular forces or royal marines under this act, unless shall obtain the consent for that purpose of the colonel or nmanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps of itia in which he shall be then serving.

/II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Commanding this act contained shall authorise any colonel or commanding officer to dit-cer of any regiment, battalion, or corps of the said militia, to th^pro>r-in: harge or cause to be discharged under the provisions of this tion of 15 men, any greater number of private militia-men of the regiment, for every com-talion, or corps of which he is colonel or commanding officer, P^y* n in the proportion of fifteen men for every company in such iment, battalion, or corps, in any one year, reckoning from twenty-fourth day of July one thousand eight hundred and

mi. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall Commanding lawful for the colonel or commanding officer of any regiment, officer may talion, or corps Of militia to refuse to discharge any private refuse to dis-n who shall desire his discharge for the purpose of being ^ate onf isted into his Majesty's regular forces or royal marines for assigning a teral service under this act, upon assigning in writing to the sumcient leral officer commanding in the district within which such cau8c> &c*, iment, battalion, or corps shall be quartered, or to the adju-it-general of his Majesty's forces, where there shall not be any general officer as aforesaid, such cause for his refusal as

ghall

6oo Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. e* 114. [rtc6

shall be deemed sufficient by such general officer or adjataab general, as the case may be: provided always* that namd colonel, or commanding officer shall be authorised to refuse, ij shall refuse any such discharge, unless die full number of m allowed by this act to enlist from time to time shall enlist ia his Majesty's regular forces or royal marines from such Mj ' battalion, or corps; except only in such cases where it i act expressly provided, that certain men shall not be eodtU be discharged or to enlist under this act.

In case the

IX. Provided always, and -be it enacted, That in case

enli^thall number of men in any one regiment, battalion, or corps of t

exceed the whi militia offering to enlist under this act, shall at any ti

proportion, exceed the proportion hereinbefore mentioned, it shall and nn| the command-be lawful for the colonel or other commanding officer of maraeleSthe^ment, battalion, or corps, to select out of the whole nUi - of men so offering to enlist such men, to the full amontt 1

the proportion hereinbefore mentioned, as such colonel or con manding officer shall think fit, and such -men so select approved by the general or field-officer authorised to is men enlisting under this act, shall be enlisted accordingly the provisions of this act.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful forta Majesty from time to time to appoint such general or officers specially authorised by his Majesty, or the eoumder in chief of his Majesty's forces for that purpose, to iaapeltifid to approve or reject the men who shall be desirous of enfiating

number.

may appoint general or liekl-officers, &c; toap-prove or

rqect the men un3ex this act, and such officers may approve of or reject ch existing.0 PW accordingly; and in case any man or men shall he rejected by any such general or field-officer, as being unfit for Us Majesty's service, on account of his or their not being of tie height of five feet four inches or upwards, or of his or their being moTe than thirty-five years old, or of his or thrir.bcog disabled by lameness or other bodily infirmity; it shall be lav.

ful for such general or field-officer to select out of all the men

who shall have offered to enlist under this act, from the regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, to which such man or men so rejected shall belong, a man or men in the room of such man or men so rejected, and such man or men so selected by such general or field-officer shall be enlisted accordingly, under the provisions of this act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the colonel or commanding officer of every regiment, battalion, or corps of the sad militia, shall from time to time transmit to the general or field-officer to be appointed under this act to inspect the men desirous of enlisting under this act from such regiment, bat-the inspecting talion, or corps, an accurate account in writing of the number, account* name8> and descriptions of the men in such regiment, btttafa the men who corps, who shall have voluntarily declared their intent* ef have declared enlisting under the provisions of this act; and that the sewnl colonels or commanding officers of the several regiments, fak See. ng* Elions, or corps of the said militia, shall within, ten days after

Commanding officer of every regiment of militia shall transmit to

806.] Aiui^regoiqpi^n^esMiK)scitoGtoJH. C.U5  127. 601

be receiving any order for that purpose from his Majesty,

iffBtfield by the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or

pvemors of Inland, for the time being, or his or their chief

ecretsry, transmit to the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor

*r governors of Inland, or his or their chief secretary for the

ixae being an accurate account in writing of the number of

tenons* who shall be at any time discharged from the militia, of

heir respective regiments, battalions, or corps, under the pro-

isions of this act.

CAP. CXXV.

in act for regulating the rank of officers in yeomanry and volunteer corps.

[July 21, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act passed in the fbrtyfiburth year of the reign r>

of hie present Majesty, intituled An act to consolidate and4* G > c. 54. mend the provisions of the several acts relating to corps of*pmanty and volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further regulations relating the reto: and whereas it is expedient that the provisions in tie said act contained in relation to the rank of*officers f yeomanry or volunteers should be amended: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice ted consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, no officer No officer in it any corps of yeomanry or volunteers whose services shall have^jj*been accepted by. bn present Majesty, shall, by reason of hie volunteers commission in any such corps, take rank above any field-officer shall take rank' of his Majesty's regular or militia-forces; anything in the said^hove wty twted t of the forty-fourth year aforesaid to the contrary-ggJSta, w*withstanding. or maitia.

CAP. CXXVI.

An set for increasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers'and others on quartering soldiers.

[July si, 1S06.]

CAP. CXXVII.

An act to amend and extend the benefits of an act made in the thirty-fifth year of Ms present Majesty, to enable petty officers, sea-menj and marines, serving in his Majesty's navy, to allot part of their wages or pay for the maintenance of their wives and families.

[July 21, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act passed in the thirtyfifih year of the reign of Ms present Majesty, intituled An act to enable petty 35 G. 3. c.aS, Wfietts in the navy, and seamen, non-commissioned officers of Barbies, and marines, serving in his Majesty's navy, to allot part of their pay for the maintenance of their wives and families: vdiereas it would greatly tend to the convenience and benffit of his Majestfs service, if the mode prescribed for making allotments

togle f

6o2 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 127. [1806.

ofpsy under the said act were rendered more simple and easy; belt therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Petty officers, authority of the same, That from and after the passing or das seamen, See. act, every petty officer, seaman, and landman, and every non-^an/pay commissioned officer of marines and marine} desiring to allot any under recited pay under the provisions of the said recited act, shall signify seen act, shall sign his desire, by signing his name to two orders or declarations, in tvjf? 9^ the forni or to the effect required by the said act, and directed witnessed*!^ to of of his Majesty's navy, which said orden the captain, or declarations being witnessed by the captain or commander, Ecc. shall be and any other of the signing officers of the ship or vessel to transmitted to which such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned wonSs of the cer of marines, or marine, shall belong, shall be forthwith navy, who transmitted to the of of the navy, and shall be full thatt make out and sufficient authority for the said of, or any tteee ft* pay. of them, to make out and sign a bill in duplicate for payment ment, c.^sum allotted by such orders or declarations, to the perm therein named; and the said of of the navy shall thereupon transmit one of such bills to the person to whom the allotment shall be made, and the other of such bills to the person by whom the same is to be paid} and one of the said orders or declarations shall be lodged in the office of the said of, and the other of the said orders or declarations shall be lodged in the office of the! treasurer of the navy, as vouchers for the issuing of such bills; anything in the said recited act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. Allotments.

II. Provided always, That all allotments made after dm made after the passing of this act, by any petty officer, seaman, or landman, tt, Waccord- ? non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, serving on board ing\o the of any ship or vessel in his Majesty's service, according to the provisions of provisions of the said recited act, before the provisions of dus recited act, act shall have been known on board of such ship or vessel, authority to be full and sufficient authority for the commisstaners of the commis- the navy to make out a duplicate-oili, in the manner herein sionerg of the prescribed.

navy*

III. And be it enacted, That in every case in which the

*?* ofa wife or mother of any petty officer, seaman, or landman, noo*> mother re- commissioned officer of marines, or marine, to whom any allot-tuming to her ment shall have been made payable, at or near to the port friends, or where the ship or vessel to which he shall belong may have PannorTm been at the time of making such allotment, shall return to her place^of pay- friends, or to the parish or place to which die shall belong, ment of allot- it shall be lawful for the of of the navy, on receive ment may be ing a certificate from the minister ^nd churchwardens, or elders altered. of tkc parish or place to which she shall remove, of her actual residence there, to alter the place of payment of her allotment accordingly; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any petty officer.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 127. 60$

seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or Allotments marine, who shall have made any allotment of pay under the provisions of the said recited act, or who shall hereafter make*v any allotment of pay, shall be desirous of revoking such his allotment, and shall signify to his commanding officer his intention so to do, and his reason for so doing, such officer shall, as soon as the same can conveniently be done, communicate such intention, and the reasons given for the same, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy; and if the said of shall be satisfied therewith, they are hereby authorised forthwith to stop all future payments on any such allotment so revoked; Payment of and in every case in which it shall be represented to the com- allotments to missioners of the navy, by the minister and churchwardens, du^tin^them-or elders of the parish or place where any woman receiving selves impro-any such allotment of pay under the said act, or this act, shaUperly, maybe reside, and whose husband shall be then serving abroad, that stopped, she has conducted herself in such a manner as to he.undeserving of support from her husband, it shall be lawful for the said of, and they are hereby authorised, to withhold any further payment on any such allotment; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it enacted, That if any petty officer, seaman, or Allotment to landpian, or non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, <*aae on the shall desert from his Majesty's service, any allotment he

have made* and which may then be in force, shall immediately texting, cease, and determine, and no further sum or sums due, or to grow due thereon, shall thereafter be paid on such allotment; any thing im the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any petty officer or seaman On persons in his Majesty's service, or non-commissioned officer of marines* disxated shall, from misconduct, or any other cause, be disrated, it shall gipners^the be lawful for the of of the navy, on information navy may re-thereof, to recal any bills before then issued, and in force for cal kills inpayment of any allotment made by any such petty officer or

ft J. er 1 rJ.r^ISSUC Others.

seaman, or non-commissioned officer of marines, and to direct other bills to be issued in lieu thereof, to the amount of half the pay to which the party so disrated shall be reduced, without his signing any fresh order or declaration for that purpose; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commission-passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the commis- m *the sioners of his Majesty's navy, or any three of them, to directdfiSctthe the treasurer of the navy, or any receiver-general of land-tax, treasurer of collector of customs* or collector of excise, or clerks of the the navy, cheque, or officer of revenue in Ireland, by whom any allotment

made Conformable to the said recited act, or this act, shall be t^&cTas payable from time to time, and as often as the pay of any such often as pay petty officer, seanqan, or landman, non-commissioned officer of shall be in-ipannes, or marine, shall have been increased by any order ^ctmsc the his Majesty in council, to increase the allowance in the pay- allotments, pients which he or they, or any of them, may thereafter make

to

604 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 128. [1806.

to the wife or mother of any such petty officer, seaman, or land-man, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, to a proportion equal in the whole to one-half of the pay of every such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, at the respective times of tke making of such payments, and in the same manner as if such declaration and order of allotment had been originally made according to the rate of half the pay of every such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, at the respective times of suchjiayments.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, every receiver-general of land-tax, collector of customs, collector of excise, clerk of the cheque, and officer of revenue, in Ireland, shall, on the following quarter-days, that is to say, on the first day of January, the first day of April> the the commit rst day Jufy9, znd the first day of October, in every year, sioners of the transmit to the of of the navy, a list of all the navy a list triplicate bills already issued under the provisions of the said recited act, and also of all the duplicate bills directed to them, or which shall be in their possession for payment of allotments, under the provisions of this act, numerically arranged, according to the number Of each allotment, and particularising in such lists the date of each allotment, and the name of the party by whom the same was made, and the sum paid per month in respect thereof, and shall insert in the first of such lists winch shall be transmitted, at the end of the first quarter after the passing of this act, the total sums paid by diem respectively, up to that time, on account of each such allotment, and shall also insert, in every successive quarterly list, the amount of the money which they shall have paid in respect of each allotment, in the quarter immediately preceding the day when each such list shall or ought to have keen transmitted as aforesaid.

Receiveivge* neral of land-tax, collector of customs, dec.

of all triplicate bills issued under the recited act, and duplicate bills to be issued under this act

CAP. CXXVIII.

An act for maJdng provision for suck masters in ordinary of the high court of Chancery as from age or infirmity shall be desirous of ne- signing their offices with the approbation of the said court; and for augmenting the income of the masters in ordinary of the said court.

[July 21, 1806.]

"IT T WHEREAS by an act of parliament, passed in the fifth year of eke I G. $. c. a8. reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to empower the high court of Chancery to lay out upon government-securities, a sum of money therein mentioned, out of the common and general cash in the bank of England, belonging to the suitors of the mid court, and to apply the interest arising therefrom, towards augmenting the income of the masters of the said court; qfter reciting (amongst other things) that the offices of the masters in the court if Chancery were very ancient, and were offices of great trust and com- sequence to the suitors of the said court, and the profits belonging thereto were not adequate to the attendance, trouble, and importance of the said offices, it was enacted, that out of the cash tohick them lay or - should

i8o$.] Anji rpgni quadtagcsimo sexto Geo.III. c. j8. 605

should thereafter lie dead and unemployed & the bank, of England belonging to the suitors of the court of Chancery, a spm not exceeding eighty thousand pounds should and might, by virtue of any order or orders of the said court to be made for that purpose from time to time, be placed out in one entire sum, or in pareels, on such government or parliamentary securities, as in and by such order or orders should be directed, to the intent that the interest and annual produce arising from the money so to be placed out as aforesaid, might be applied for the purposes thereinafter mentioned: and it was further enacted, that the interest and annual produce arising from the said securities should from time to time be received by the governor and company of the bank of England, and placed to the credit of an account to be raised, in the books kept there for the suitors of the said court of interest arising from money placed out in pursuance of that act, and that out of such interest and annual produce there should be paid by half-yearly payments by the governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of an ot'der or ordeis of the court of Chancery to be made for that purpose, the annual sum of two hundred pounds to each and every of tke eleven masters in ordinary of the said court of Chancery free from parliamentary taxes, which said annual sums should commence from the fifth day of January in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and that the residue of the interest and annual produce arising from the said securities should be accounted for, and taken as part of the common and general cash of and belonging to the suitors of the said court of Chancery: and whereas in pursuance of an act of parliament passed in the twelfth year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to empower the high court of* G.a. c. 94* Chancery to lay out upon proper securities any monies, not exceeding a sum therein limited, out of the common and general cash in the bank of England, belonging to the suitors of the said court, for the ease of the said suitors, by applying the interest arising therefrom for answering the charges of the office of the accountant-general of the said court; and in pursuance of another act passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to empower 4 G*3* c* the high cobrt of Chancery to lay out upon proper securities a further sum of money, not exceeding a sum therein limited, out of the common and general cash in the bank of England, belonging to the suitors of the said court, and for applying the interest arising therefrom towards answering the charges of the office of the accountant* general of the said court; and in pursuance of the said act of parliament passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty hereinbefore recited; and in pursuance of another act of parliament passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An act to empower the high court of Chancery to Jay out upon9G. 3.9*

government-securities a further sum of money, not exceeding p sum therein limited, out of the common and general cash in the hank o(

England, belonging to the suitors of the said court, and to apply the

interest arising therefrom towards answering the charges of the office of the accountant-general of the said court; and in pursuance of

another act of parliament passed in the fourteenth yeqr of the reign of

hispicsent Majesty, intituled An act for rebuilding the oGice of the I4 q, j. c. 42.

+six clerks of the King's court of Chancery, and for erecting offices for the register and accountant-general of the said court, for the better preserving the records, decrees, orders, and books of account, kept in such offices; and in pursuance of another act of parliament, passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty,

GoO< intituled,

606'Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 128. [1806.

% C. 3# c. 4^intituled An act to empower the high court of Chancery toby oat a farther Sam of the1 sailors' money upon proper securities, aan for applying the interest towards discharging the expen ces of the office of the accountant-general, and for building offices for the masters in ordinary in Chancery, and a publick office for the suitors of the said court, and offices for the secretaries of bankrupts and luoalicks, and for building repositories for securing the title-deeds of the suitors of the said court, and the records and proceedings of the commis^owR of bankrupts and lunaticks; several sums of money have, by virtue several orders of the high court of Chancery, been taken out of the common and general cash belonging to the suitors of the said cowl, which lay dead and unemployed in the bank of England, andphtcti out in the name of the accountant-general of the said court on government or parliamentary securities; and such government or parliamentary securities have been, in pursuance of the said act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, carried to an account, intituled,* Account of monies placed out for the benefit and better security of the suitors of the high court of Chancery; " and out of ike dividends and interest of the securities purchased in pursuance of tk said several acts of parliament, the several annual and other payments and salaries provided for by such acts of parliament, and by other sets of parliament therein recited, have been firm time to time made md paid, and the surplus interest and annual produce arising from the mid securities, beyond what was sufficient to answer the purposes of the suit several acts; and also the interest produced from the securities purchased with such surplus interest and annual produce, have been from tine ta time, in pursuance of the last mentioned act, laid out in the purdsseef 'government or parliamentary securities, in the name of the accountant-general of the said court of Chancery, and placed to the credit of az account, intituled,c Account of securities purchased with surplus interest arising from securities carr&d to an account of monies placed otd for the benefit and better security of the suitors of the high court of Chancery; " and the dividends and interest of such government or parliamentary securities are more than sufficient to ansiver and make good all the annual and other payments and salaries, by the several acts of parliament hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, directed to be made and paid thereout; and alto the several annual payments or salaries herein after provided: and whereas, from thb increased expence of hing, it is expedient that an augmentation should be made to the income qftke masters in ordinary of the high court of Chancery, and that porn should be given to make a proper provision from time to time, for sad of the said masters as shall be desirous of resigning their said qjkw under the authority herein after contained, and for that purpose to order the payment to them of annuities, to the amount herein after mentioned: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the adrict and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, ia this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the saot, Out of the That out of the interest and dividends of the government or paiiia-

dividends of mentary securities carried to the said account, iptituled, Account of the govern- monies placed out for the benefit and better security of the suitors of ment-aecu- hjgh court of Chancery, " and out of the interest and divided*

or to becar-he government or parliamentary securities carried to the said arried to the count, intituled, " Account of securities purchased with surplus to-account of terest arising from securities carried to an account of monies placed the suitors of out for the benefit and better security of the suitors of the high emit

*- by of

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 128. 607

I Chancery, " and out of the interest and dividends of any the court of joverament or parliamentary securities hereafter to be purchased ad placed to the last mentioned account, there shall be paid, e

but subject to and without prejudice to the payment of all sala- a year to* ies and other sums of money by the several acts of parliament each of the lereinbefore mentioned or referred to, directed, or authorised to to

je paid thereout,) by half-yearly payments, by the governor and belaid half-. mpany of the bank of England, by virtue of an order or orders yearly,

of the nigh court of Chancery to be made for that purpose, the mnual sum of four hundred pounds to each and every of the deven masters in ordinary of the said court for the time being,

Free, from parliamentary taxe9, as an augmentation of and addition to their respective salaries provided by the said act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty; which said annual sum of four hundred pounds to each of the said eleven masters, shall commence from the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and dix.

II. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, Lord chan-That it shall be lawful for the lord high-chancellor of Great ord <r Britain, or the lord-keeper, or lords commissioners for the cus- j^Juity of tody of the great seal of Great Britain, by any order or orders of 1, 500l. out of the high court of Chancery, to be made from time to time, on a the said fund, petition presented to him or them for that purpose, to order (if 10

he or they shall so think fit) an annuity or clear yearly sum of Jf

money, not exceeding the sum of fifteen hundred pounds, to be twenty years paid out of the dividends and interest of the government or par- standing, or liamentary securities, purchased or to be purchased, as herein- byinfir-before mentioned, to any of the said eleven masters in ordinary of fan, the high coutt of Chancery, who shall have been a master in discharging ordinary of the said court of Chancery for the term of twenty his duty, on years, or who shall be afflicted with some permanent infirmity, their

disabling him from the due execution of his office, and who shall be desirous of resigning the same; in which order or orders the cause or ground of making the same shall be distinctly stated and specified, and the annuity or yearly sum mentioned^ in such order or orders, shall be paid by the governor and company of the bank of England, out of the interest and dividends of the said government or parliamentary securities (but subject and without prejudice as aforesaid) by even and equal quarterly payments, on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, in every year, to such master in ordinary from the period when he shall resign his said office, for and during the term of his natural life, free from parliamentary taxes.

III. And be it further enacted, That out of the interest and Expences of dividends of the said government or parliamentary securities, ac*bw to be purchased and to be purchased as aforesaid, the expences incurred pai in preparing and passing this act, and the costs, charges, and expences of all proceedings to be had in consequence thereof, dull be paid by the governor and company of the bank of

England,

6o8

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c.

England, by virtue of an order or orders of the high court of Chancery, to be made for that purpose.

Surplus mo-

IV. And be it further enacted, That the surplus interest ad be^ondthe annua* produce which shall arise from the money placed out oo sums neces- securities pursuant to the said act passed in the tharty-secfed sary for the year of his present Majesty^ reign, and pursuant to die icwnl purposes of acts therein and hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, (and dtedacts!" which securities are thereby directed to be carried to the account how to be ap- monies placed out for the benefit and better security of the plied. suitors of the high court of Chancery,) and also the interest

which shall be produced from the securities purchased, and to be purchased with such surplus interest, beyond what stall be sufficient to answer the purposes of the said former acts and the purposes of this act, shall from time to time be placed out on government or parliamentary securities, and shall be placed to the credit of the said account, raised in pursuance of the aid act of the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, and intituled, ' Account of securities purchased with surplus interest, arising from securities carried to an account of monies placed out for the benefit and better security of suitors of the nigh court of Chancery and which fund shall be applied to answer the demands of the said suitors of the said cout of Chancery, in case it shall at any time be necessary to call in any of the money of the said suitors, which hath been or my be placed out on securities.

Securitiesmay V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and be changed. for tyie ]orcj high-chancellor of Great Britain, or lord-keeper or lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal of Grot Britain for the time being, by any order or orders of the said court of Chancery, to change the security or securities, or any part of the securities purchased or to be purchased puissant to the several acts hereinbefore mentioned, or referred to, or pursuant to this act.

Money to be

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, called in to That for and notwithstanding any of the provisions contained in ^mamda^of act>^at an^ t*me ^erea^ter die whole or any part of the

money placed out pursuant to the said several acts, or an? of them, shall be wanted to answer any of the demands of the suitors of the high court of Chancery, then, and in such case, the said court may and shall direct the whole, or any part thereof, to be called in, and the securities in which the same shall be placed, and also the securities upon which the surplus interest and dividends hereinbefore mentioned shall be placed, to be sold and disposed of, in order that the suitors of the said court may at all times be paid their respective demands out of the common and general cash belonging to such suitors.

OF.

suitors.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 129.

CAP. CXXIX.

An act to provide additional salaries to the present clerks in the office of the accountant-general of the high court of Chancery, and to provide additional clerks for the said office, with salaries; and to make other payments in respect of the said office.

[July 21, 1806.]

WHEREAS by virtue of an act passed in the thirty^second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to^q imppwer the high court of Chancery to lay out a further sum of 3 he suitors' money upon proper securities, and for applying the nterest towards discharging the expences of the office of the ccountant-general; and for building offices for the masters in >rdinary in Chancery, and a p\kblick office for the suitors of the aid court, and offices for the secretaries of bankrupts and luna-icks; and for building repositories for securing the title-deeds*>fthe suitors of the said court, and the records* and proceedings,

) the of of bankrupts and lunaticks \ and of several ids in the said act mentioned, divers sums of money have been by nrtue of several orders taken out of the common and general cash be-onging to the suitors of the high court of Chancery, which lay dead md unemployed in the bank of England, and ha % e been placed out in he name of the accountant-general of the said court, on government or Parliamentary securities; and such government or parliamentary ecuriUes have been, in pursuance of the said act passed in the thirty-econd year of his present Majesty's reign, carried to an account, in-ituled, Account of monies placed out for the benefit and better security f the suitors of the high court of Chancery and out of the dividends ni interest of the securities purchased in pursuance of the said several ids of parliament, the several annual' sums and salaries, and the several other payments directed to be made, and to be paid, have been row time to time made and paid; and the surplus interest and an-mat produce arising from the said securities, beyond what was sujfi-ient to answer the purposes of the said several acts, and also the merest produced from the securities purchased, with such surplus nterest and annual produce, have been, from time to time, in pur-nance of the sjzid last mentioned act, laid out in the purchase of government or parliamentary securities, in the name of the accountant-cneral of the said court, and placed to the credit f an account, ntituled, Account of securities purchased with surplus interest, rising from securities carried to an account of monies placed out for he benefit and better security of the suitors of the high court of iluwcery r and whereas the money and effects belonging to the suitors f the high court of Chancery, under the care and direction of the ccGuntant-general of tin said court, have very greatly increased, by won whereof the necessary business of the said office is grown so xtensive and laborious, that the provisions made by the several acts eluting to the said office of the accountant-general are become iti-Equate to the attendance, trouble, and importance of the said office, nd insufficient to answer the charges attending the execution thereof: > fid whereas it is reasonable not only to provide additional salary for he present clerks in the said office of the accountant-general, but also to n " 7'(cleris, and salaries for such additional clerks, and

to

6x0 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 129. [1806.

to make provision for such other payments as art herein after mentioned; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, Out of the and by the authority of the same, That out of the interest and dividends on dividends on the government or parliamentary securities earned canie^to^to the said account, intituled, f Account of monies placed out account of for the benefit and better security of the suitors of the high the suitors' court of Chancery, ' and out of the interest and dividends of me money, the government or parliamentary securities carried to the said account, general^111" mt*tuled, Account of securities purchased with surplus interest clerks shall be arising from securities carried to an account of monies placed paid the addi-out for the benefit and better security of the suitors of the high tional yearly*COurt of Chancery; and out of the interest and dividends of any mentioned" gvernmnt or parliamentary securities hereafter to be purchueii and the ex- and placed to the said last mentioned account, there shall be paid,

pence of this (but subject and without prejudice to the payment of all salaries act* and sums of money by any act or acts of parliament heretofore

passed, directed or authorised to be paid thereout,) by the governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of any order or orders of the high court of Chancery, to be made for that purpose, the several payments and sums herein after mentioned, namely, the expences incurred, and to be incurred in preparing and passing this act of parliament, and the costs, charges, and expences of all proceedings to be bad in consequence thereof, and such additional yearly sums or salaries to be from time to time paid quarterly, free of taxes, to die accountant-general's first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, and Seventh clerks for the time being as herein after mentioned; to the first clerk one hundred pounds* to the second clerk one hundred pounds, to the third clerk two hundred pounds, to the fourth clerk two hundred and fifty pounds, to the fifth clerk one hundred and eighty pounds, to the sixth clerk one hundred and eighty poynds, to the seventh clerk two hundred pounds, the first quarterly payment to commence on the twenty-ninth day of ord chan- July one thousand eight hundred and six; and also such serenl cellor, &c. yearly sums or salaries as are herein after mentioned, to be from Meci^OT^of t*me to t*me Pa^ quarterly, free of taxes, to four additional clerks Thomas for the time being; namely, an eighth, ninth, tenth, and eleventh Walker, esq. clerks to be appointed, that is to say, to the eighth clerk one hue-late accoun- <Jred and eighty pounds, to the ninth clerk one hundred and eighty a^wwoTthe Pun<*8 the tenth clerk one hundrechand. eighty pounds, to the clerks to be eleventh clerk one hundred and eighty pounds, the first quarterly reimbursed payment to such clerks respectively to commence on the said any necessary twenty-ninth day of July one thousand eight hundred and six; and curm^by1" s^80 8UC^ 8uing as appear to the lord-chancellor, lord-keeper, them in car- or lr(l8 of for the time being, to be reasonably to rying on the order to be repaid or reimbursed to the executors of Thomas Wafa) business of esquire, deceased, the late accountant-general, and to any of the

the office. present clerks in the said office, as having been heretofore reason* ably expended by the late accountant-general, or any of the said

k P fcrk

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 129. 611

: ierk or clerks respectively, either in paying persons for assist-ng in carrying on and expediting the business of the said office,

)r in paying expences in or about the buildings in which the said business has been carried on, or for furniture, books, stationary, '

3r printing, provided or supplied for carrying on the said busi-less, -or in providing coals and other necessary articles for the said office; and also such annual sum to be paid to the accoun- aoo/.yearly tant-general for the time being, not exceeding the sum of two hundred pounds, as to the said lord-chancellor, lord-keeper, or acoiununt-6 lords of of the great seal for the time being, shall general in from time to time seem reasonable, to be paid or allowed for nature, to expences to be incurred in future in providing furniture, books, stationary, or printing, for such purpose as aforesaid, and in pro-f

riding coals and other necessary articles for the said office, and in paying any person or persons necessarily attending therein to take care of the same 5 such last mentioned annual sum to be paid quarterly, and the first payment to commence as by such order or orders shall be directed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the surplus interest and Surplus mo-annual produce which shall arise from the money placed out on ||Z<j53h5m securities pursuant to the said act passed in the thirty-second 8U^ ncccs-year of his present Majesty's reign, and pursuant to the several sary for the acts of parliament therein and hereinbefore mentioned or referred purposes of to, (and which securities are thereby directed to be carried to

the account of monies placed out for the benefit and better ow to be ap-

security of the suitors of the high court of Chancery,) and also plied.

the interest which shall be produced from the securities purchased

and to be purchased with such surplus interest beyond what

shall be sufficient to answer the purposes of the said former acts

and the purposes of this act, shall from time to time be placed

out on government or parliamentary securities, and shall be placed to the credit of the said account raised in pursuance of the said act of the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, and intituled, Account of securities purchased with

surplus interest arising from securities carried to an account of

monies placed out for the benefit and better security of the

suitors of the high court of Chanceryj* and which fund shall be applied to answer the demands of the said suitors of the said

court of Chancery, in case it shall at any time be necessary to

call in any of the money of the said suitors which hath been or.'

may be placed out on securities.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and Securities for the lord high-chancellor of Great Britain, or lord-keeper, or^ay* lords commissioners for the custody of the greal seal of Great chan^ed-Britain for the time being, by any order or orders of the said

court of Chancery, to change the security or securities, or any part of the securities purchased or to be purchased pursuant to the several acts of parliament hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or pursuant to this act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, ^foney to be

That for and notwithstanding any of the provisions contained in called in to this act, if at any time hereafter the whole oiQfiyogfe of the of

612 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 130  133. [1806.

money placed out pursuant to the said several acts of parliament, or any of them, shall be wanted to answer any of tire demands of the suitors of the high court of Chancery, then and in such case, the said court may and shall direct the whole or any part thereof to be called in; and the securities in which the same shall be placed, and also the securities upon which the surplus interest and dividends hereinbefore mentioned shall be placed, to be sold and disposed of, in order that the suitors of the said court may at all times be paid their respective demands out of the common and general cash belonging to such suitors.

CAP. CXXX.

An act for making compensation to the proprietors of such lands and hereditaments as have been purchased for better securing his Majesty*! docks, ships, and stores at Chatham, and for the use of his Majesty1! ordnance at Warley Common and Woolwich, in pursuance of an art made in the forty-fourth year of his present Majesty.

[July ai, 1806.]

CAP. CXXXI.

An act for exonerating the estates of Percival Lewis, esq. and MarUase Lewis, spinster, in the parish of Putney, in the county of Surrey, from the claims of his Majesty against the estate of Edward Lewis, esq. dr- ceased.

[July ax, 1806.]

CAP. CXXXII.

An act for erecting a lighthouse on the Bell, or Cape Rock, on the ea&n coast of Scotland, and for enabling the of of the Treawy to advance a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund of Crest Britain towards that purpose.

[July ai, 1806.]

CAP. CXXXIII.

An act to amend an act passed in the forty-second year of fds present Majesty, for consolidating the several acts passed fir the redemption and sale of the land-tax, and to make further provision fir exonerating srtiall livings and charitable institutions from the land-tax.

[July 22, 1806.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for consolidating the provisions of the several acts passed for the redemption and sale of the land-tax into one act, and for making further provision for the redemption and sale thereof, and for removing doubts respecting the right of persons claiming to.vote at elections for knights of the shire and other members to serve in parliament, in respect of messuages, lands, or tenements, the land-tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased; it was enacted, that in case the consideration for the redemption of any land-tax by bodies politick or corporate, or ether person or persons entitled to the ben fit of preference under the said act9 should be in stocky and the coritract should be entered into after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and three, that the whole amount of such consideration should be transferred within the period of two years from Ifie date of the contract: end whereas it is expedient to allow such bodies and persons respective a longer periodfor the completion of contracts entered into after the passing of this act, in the cases herein specified; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellentQ^a|^J^ by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal; and commons,

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 133., 613

n this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That where the consideration for the redemption of Period for the

my land-tax should be in stock, and such land-tax shall be con- conJJ^flon

Tacted for by any bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or ^tended8.' 1

) ther person or persons entitled to such benefit of preference as

aforesaid, at any time after the passing of this act, it shall be

awful to contract that the whole amount of such consideration

hall be transferred within the period of sixteen years from the

late of such contract, and the consideration in every such case

: hall be transferred to the commissioners for the reduction of

he national debt, by even and equal instalments in every year,

he first annual instalment to be made on or before such of the

juarterly days specified in the said recited act, as shall next

jnsue the entering into the contract: provided always, that it

hall be lawful to transfer the whole stock so agreed to be

ransferred, as the consideration for the redemption of any land-

ax, or any part thereof, in advance, to the of for

he reduction of the national debt, notwithstanding any stipulations in the contract to the contrary: provided also, that if

1 division of the entire quantity of stock into equal sums, to be

paid by such instalments as aforesaid, would occasion a fraction

less than the fraction of one penny, the fractional part or parts

less than one penny necessary to such equal division, shall be

: aken from every prior instalment, and be added to the last

instalment, so as to avoid any fraction less than one penny:

provided also, that upon the transfer of the second, and so of

every subsequent instalment upon every such contract, there

hall be# paid into the hands of the casnier or cashiers of the

zovemor and company of the bank of England, to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a sum of money by way of

interest, in like manner, in all respects, as in the said recited

ict is directed in cases of transfer of stock by instalments.

II. And whereas the profits already arising to the publici from the redemption of land-tax by bodies politick and corporate, and companies, and feoffees and trustees for charitable \and other publick purposes, by sales under the authority of the of appointed ty letters patent under the great seal of Jpreat Britain, for the purpose of regulating, directing, approving, and confirming such tales, amounts to a very large sum, and is likely to be considerably ncreased by further sales, and contracts for sale, for the redemption f land-tax, under the authority of the said of: and whereas it may be expedient to augment the income of small fivings, or other ecclesiastical benefices, and of charitable institutions, y exonerating the same from the land-tax charged on the messuages,

\ands, tenements, or other hereditaments, belonging to such livings, or -

tfher ecclesiastical benefices, or charitable institutions, in the manner

\erein mentioned: be it therefore further enacted, That it shall Commission-

md may be lawful for the of appointed or to beers under the

appointed by letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain

for the purposes aforesaid, at any time within the space of two gmajj livings,

pears after the passing of this act, to direct the exoneration and and datable

lisehaiw nf tbp land-t? charged uDon the messuaees* lands, institutions

614 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 133.

[1806, land-tax, tenements, and other hereditaments, belonging to any Brings, tranrfff or C or ot^er ecclesiastical benefices, or charitable institution!, in payment of eases where the whole clear annual income of such livings, or any consider other ecclesiastical benefices, or charitable institutions, shall sot ration. exceed the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds without the transfer or payment of any consideration for the same, in the manner, and under the directions and restrictions in tins act mentioned: provided that the annual amount of land-tax to be exonerated by virtue of this act under the direction of the said of, without the transfer or payment of any consideration, shall not exceed the sum of six thousand pounds.

Incumbents

III. And be it further enacted, That every incumbent of any sutement^of 8UC^ or otker ecclesiastical benefice, and all feoffees or the income trustees of any such charitable institution, who shall be desirous

of their that the messuages, lands, tenements, or other hereditaments,

livings, and belonging to such living, or ecclesiastical benefice, or charitable STsunmint of institution, should be exonerated from land-tax under the pro-land-tax. visions of this act, shall, within six calendar months after the passing of this act, transmit a memorial to the said of, verified in such manner as they shall require and direct, stating the nature and description of the property, or other funds or sources from whence the income of such living, or ecclesiastical benefice, or charitable institution is derived, and the amount of income derived from each respectively; and shall also at the same time transmit to the said of a certificate or certificates, signed by two or more of the commissioners of land-tax or supply, acting for the hundred, ward, lathe, wapentake, rape, or other division of the county, riding, city, borough, cinque-port, town, or place, within vviiich the messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, belonging to such living, or other ecclesiastical benefice, or charitable institution, shall be situate j which certificate or certificates such last mentioned of are hereby authorised and required to grant, containing a description in writing of the messuages, l^nds, tenements, or hereditaments, belonging to such living, or other ecclesiastical benefice, or charitable institution, and the name of the parish^Dr place, or parishes or places, within which the same shall bef situate, and the amount or amounts of land-tax charged thereon: provided always, that it shaft be lawful for the said of, appointed by letters paten:under the great seal, if they shall deem it expedient, to enlarge

the time by this act limited for the transmission of memorial* and certificates as aforesaid, for any further period not exceeding six months from the expiration of the period by this act limited as aforesaid; and all memorials and certificates which shall be transmitted to the said of within such extended period, shall be as valid and effectual to enable the exoneration of land-tax, under the provisions of this act, if the same had been transmitted within the period hereir prescribed.

rV. And be it further eri&ftS, That it shall be lawful for

L

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 133. 615

<he said of appointed by letters patent under the Commission* great seal of Great Britain, by writing under their hands and pseals indorsed on the said certificate of the commissioners of on the certi-land-tax, to certify and declare, that the messuages, lands, ficate of ^tenements, and hereditaments, comprised in such certificate, krod-tax, [shall be wholly freed and exonerated from the land-tax charged Lfhereon, and from all further assessments thereof under the rated there-jjproTisions of this act; and such messuages, lands, tenements, from, and hereditaments shall thereupon be wholly freed and exonerated from such land-tax and all further assessments thereof, from such of the quarterly days of payment of land-tax as shall next precede the day on which such certificate shall be left at the proper office appointed for the registry of contracts for redemption of land-tax, for the purpose of being duly registered in the manner herein prescribed.

V. And be it further enacted, That the proper officer ap- Certificates to pointed for the registry of contracts entered into under the said be registered, recited act, shall register all such certificates of land-tax, and the said certificates of exoneration indorsed thereon, gratis, and shall make out and transmit duplicates of the land-tax, thereby certified and exonerated under the provisions of this act, and do all such other acts and things necessary for the exoneration of the messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, comprised in such certificates, as by the said recited act spre directed in regard to contracts entered into under the provisions thereof \ and every copy of the registry of any such certificate, signed by such officer, shall be allowed in all courts and places, and before all persons, to be good and sufficient evidence of such certificate; and no such certificate, nor any copy of the registry thereof, shall be liable to any stamp duty.

VI. And be it further enacted, That a statement of the A statement proceedings of the said of appointed under the great fcJJtobe*seal, in the execution of this act, shall be laid before parliament laid before before the expiration of the session of parliament ending in the parliament, year one thousand eight hundred and nine.

VII. And whereas it is expedient to male provision for the enrolment and registry of deeds which have not been duly enrolled or registered, pursuant to the directions of the said recited act % and of the several other acts passed relating toi the redemption of land-tax;

be it therefore further enacted, That all deeds required by the of Said recited act, or any other acts relating to the redemption androistry of land-tax, to be enrolled or registered, shall be valid and of deeds effectual, although the same shall not have been or shall not be extended enrolled or registered within the periods prescribed by the said acts respectively; provided the same shall have been enrolled or registered before the passing of this act, or shall be enrolled or registered within six calendar months after the passing thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the pro- Application visions of the said recited act, shall, in so far as the same are M1* P"*

applicable "aj.'c.iii

t by

6i6

45 G. 3. C. 43.

Grand jury may present that another survey of roads should be presented than that laid before them under the recited act.

Survey directed by the grand jury with the maps, See. to be delivered 30 days before the assizes.

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 134. [1806.

applicable, and except where the same are hereby expect, varied, be used and applied, extended and construed, in like manner, in the execution of this act, as if the same pravira* (except as aforesaid) were specially re-enacted therein.

CAP. CXXXIV.

An act to provide for the security and expedition of the conveyance of letters by the post in Ireland.

[July 22, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act passed in the forty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to amend the laws for improving and -keeping in repair the post-roads in Ireland, and for rendering the conveyance of letters by his Majesty's post office more secure and expeditious, requires to be amended; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if the grand jury of any comity, county of a town or city, in Ireland, snail at any assizes, (or presenting term, if in the county of Dublin,) upon examination of any survey, map, or estimate, laid before them under the proviskw of the said act, be of opinion that the road between the pointi on the boundaries of such county marked in such survey or map fcr the road to pass through, can be carried within such county from one such point to the other, through such post-town or port-towns therein as the road in such survey shall have been marked to go through, in a more convenient direction, equally or more level, and not exceeding in length or expence die road set out in such survey, it shall and may be lawful for such gTand jury at the time they state their opinion to the court, with any reasons or observations they may think proper, according to the provisions of the said act, to present, that a new survey, map, and estimate be made for a road between such points passing through such po6t-town or post-towns, if ^ny such there be, and to appoint such surveyor as they shall think proper for the purpose; and every such surveyor shall have all and singular the like poweft, and be subject to the like rules, regulations, and restrictions, and be sworn and be examined upon oath in like manner, in respect of the survey, plan, and estimate he may make, as is provided or enacted in the said recited act respecting any surveyor appointed by the postmaster-general, or any survey to be made by such surveyor.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such survey node by a surveyor so appointed by the grand jury, shall be deemed a re-survey within the'meaning of the said act, and shall, together with the maps and estimates and affidavits thereunto belonging, be delivered thirty days at the lea6t before the commission-day of the assizes or presenting term next ensuing after such suney shall be presented to be made to the treasurer of such county, who is hereby required to cause a like notice thereof to be ported

in

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 134. 617

like manner and at like time 'as is required by the said act in meet to any survey or re-survey made in pursuance thereof; d upon its appearing to the grand jury at such assizes or pre-1*0^068*11^ rjting term, by proof upon oath, that notices in the form fupien grand tjuired by an act passed in the parliament of Ireland, in the jury to present ittv-second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An the road to I fit improving and keeping in repair the post-roads of this kingdom, bemadeagree-s been served upon each occupier of the land through which3 e 08urvey* ch new road is proposed to be made in manner and at the time ^uired by the said act, and that the road pursuant to such re-rvey will be equally or more level than, and not exceed in length, t road laid down in such preceding survey made by direction the'postmaster-general, it shall be lawful for the grand jury, they shall think proper, at such assizes (or presenting term) to esent the said road in the direction marked out between such ro points, either in such re-survey, or in the survey on which e grand jury at the preceding assizes shall have stated their inion, or partly a in the one, and partly as in the other, as they all judge best to be the post-road through such county, county a town, or city j and at the same time to present all such parts ereof as they shall approve of for a new line or new lines of ad, to be laid out, marked, and levelied, and in like manner to esent the money necessary for laying out the same.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the Grand jury

id first mentioned act or in this act contained, shall deprive any{^i^<rfeOT and jury of the power of considering and deciding upon anyro^dine ch application for any presentment for any line of road so sur-yed, or any part thereof, or rejecting the same according to eir discretion.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the regulations, Regulations auses, and provisions respecting anyroad to be presented by

y grand jury, or the traversing the presentment thereof, or re-ecting any money to be raised, advanced, or accounted for presented by ider the provisions of the said act, (except so far as the same the grand e altered or repealed by this act,) shall extend to any road Pre-{o^j^a*ttend nted, or any money to De raised, advanced, or expended, or any esentment made under the authority of this act, as fully and Fectually as if they were herein especially recited and re-enacted specting the same.

V. Provided always, That when any grand jury shall present When grand y road to be re-surveyed pursuant to the provisions of this

e court shall cause the clerk of the crown to send an attested tQ be re^eur-py of such presentment to the postmaster-general; and it shall veyed, an act be necessary for the postmaster-general, after the receipt oftf8t, ?^: oPy ch attested copy, to cause such road to be re-surveyed iH^oortmaster anner prescribed by the said first mentioned act. general.

VI. And whereas the amount of money to be raised in each present-f term by presentments of grand juries in the county ^Dublin, before e passing of the said act, has been limited by an act passed in the rliament of Ireland in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majestf s

reign

61S Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 134. [ll

6 Geo. 3. reign, intituled An act for making, widening, and repairinj

roads in the county of Dublin, and for repealing parts < acts formerly made for that purpose; and it is expedUat amount of money which may be presented to be raised of the sail < by virtue of the said first recited act and of this present act, Court not to also limited; be it further enacted, That it shall not be to allow present- the court, in any presenting term, to allow presentments w mo; icylin VhtT money in t^c county of Dublin, under the authority or far county of purposes of the said first recited act or this present act, ei Dublin being in the whole one-fourth part of the sum, which such yond a certain; s authorised to allow by the said last recited act passed in 8unu twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign.

If whole sum

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the whole sum

within she ma7 to ^ev*e<I un(^er the provisions of the said first recite^ years, the act or this present act, or either of them, in the county of Dd grand jury to lin, cannot be levied within six years under the provision afod prt?nt the said, lt be lawful for the grand jury of the said conntyu thereof to be Present the portions thereof to be respectively raised in each yea raised in each notwithstanding such portions may extend Deyond the teono six years: provided always, that if such portions shall beyond the term of six years, they shall not be less in any oo^ year than the sum which the court is allowed by this acttpallw presentments for raising in one year.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That aodting in the said first recited act contained shall extend to fak the amount of money to be raised at any presenting term, in the sail county of Dublin, if presentments shall have been Sited f(

year afterwards.

Recited act not to limit the amount of the money to be raised

at any present- raising at such term, for the purposes of the said first recited act

ing term in the or this act, or both, the full sum which the court is allowed bi county of -

Dublin.

Road not to be made through any house above the value of xoo/. 8c. c.

No traverse to presentment under recited act, repealed.

this act to allow presentments for raising.

IX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said firsl recited act or in this present act contained, shall authorise an] grand jury to present any road to be made through any hous> above the value of one hundred pounds sterling, or any deer-par] or field inclosed with a wall built of lime and stone or brick, a through any planted lawn or avenue, or orchard planted kefon the passing of the said first recited act, without the consent of the owner thereof.

X. And whereas it is by the said recited act enacted, thattrs verse shall be received to any presentment made under the authority the said act, except for damages; be it further enacted, That9much of the said act, as thereto relates, shall be, and is hereb repealed.

XL. And whereas it is enacted by the said first recited act, that it J cases where the trustees, director's, or of of any turupike'rw shall alter the same in pursuance of the said act, they shall cause a my such part of the existing road as shall in consequence thereof be fact* tinned by them, to be deposited with the treasurer of the county in aid such part shall be situated; and if the grand jury of suck emy shall not, within eight months after such map shall be so deputed preset* such part to be left open as a publick road, and pretest to be raised off the barony or half barony, or baronies or half-krmiet, in which such road shall be situated, (and which every p*d

' >7

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 134. 619

y is hereby empowered to do, such sum or sums of money as the motels of the said road, and of all bridges and arches thereon, shall mint to, on a valuation to be made thereof, upon oath of three persons,

to be named by the trustees, directors, or of qfsuch road, r other by such grand jury, and the third to be chosen by the other two; gQ milcj, Of rypart of such road which shall not be so presented to be kept open, shall recited act and is hereby declared to be vested in the trustees, directors, or coin- at respects the tsioners of such road, and shall and may be set or sold by them, or as map of the my of them as are competent to do any act respecting such road; and r?a<i discon-materials thereon, or in any bridges, arches, or pipes upon or aeross same, may be taken down and applied by them to the use and ad-; urv actinr itage of the road under their care; and all money arising from the thereupon* at e of setting of such discontinued road shall be applied in aid of the herein men-Is under their management; be it further enacted, That so much of tioned, &c.

; said recited act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed. repealed.

XII. And whereas it is enacted by the said first recited act, 'That it dl not be lawful for the court at any assizes to fiat any presentment for wing money for the repair of any foadln such county, except a post- ,

Meid stuck presentment as is therein mentioned be first made and - J10*1 'owed; and also that it shall not be lawful for the court at any assizes the

presenting term, from and after the time that any such survey or re- CCHnt at any meyjiA. istwnentionedriftihe vtaidiO++hall be laid orfore the grand jury assizes to fiat fat pr  mUmsnt* for any money off any barony or ha(fmbazony, on-off any resent-y county of a town or city, in which any such post-road, or any part ment for rais-ZtqL shall be situated, to be extended to making, or repainng, or ing money for dating other roads therein, to a greater amount in the whole, than the the repair of m which shall be directed or presented originally, or in the way of in- Resentment raje thereof, to be raised at such assizes or tenn, until such post-road jg an0wedf all be completely finished; be it further enacted; Thet the said recited & c. repealed, irts of the said act shall be, and the same are hereby repealed. When survey

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when the surrey, maps, of road from

id estimates of the road from Waterford to Limerick shall be Waterford to nished, surveys, maps, and estimates for a continuance thereof 19

om Limerick to Galway, shall be proceeded upon immediately j others to be iything in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding. made.

jQV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Act not to

i this act contained shall extend to prevent any grand jury from prevent any taking any presentment at any assizes held in the months of ^om^maSn uly or August one thousand eight hundred and six, on account R^ntinenU f any want of notice being served, or of the consent of the at assizes, ott wher of any house not having been obtained under the pro- account of ision, s of this act, if in all other respects the several regulations rescribed by the said first recited act and this present act, shalln lce> ave been duly observed.

XV. And whereas the sums which grand juries are empowered by iw to present for milking surveys and maps of their respective ounties, have been found insufficient, be it therefore enacted, That Grand jury t shall be lawful for any grand jury to present to be raised onR rated*on* he county at large, any sum or sums of money not exceeding the counties, n the whole at any one or more assizes, a sum after the rate of sumsaccord-hree hundred pounds for every fifty thousand acres contained inmgtothepro->uch county, according to the county-books or usual computation hereof, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity for^o^. the purpose of obtaining an accurate survey and map of the

county,

1:

W'

In commissions of bank

620 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 135.H

county, and of engraving such number of copies ( grand jury shall deem necessary for the use of such

CAP. CXXXV.

An act to amend the laws relating to bankrupts.

[July 22, 11

WHEREAS great inconveniences and injustice have foil sioned bp reason of the fair and honest dealings and actions of and with traders being defeated bp secret acts of bait in cases not alreadp provided fory or not sufficiently provided j _ law: for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's rupt*hVreaft- excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent c to be issued, lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present all convey- Hament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That ill mentt to Pand cases of commissions of bankrupt hereafter to be issued^' contracts with veyances, by all payments by and to, and all contracts a any bankrupt dealings and transactions bf "STHT With' fifIT teTkmfabaii made two maefe or entered into more than two calendar months pefeq monthsbefore jate"of such commission, shall, notwithstanding any prion the date of bankruptcy committedTBy such bankrupt, be gCKxTana ede the commis- to-act intents and purposes whatsoever, in likemanner at if ib sion, shall be sucjJ prior act of bankruptcy had been committed; provided the person or persons go dealing with such bankrupt had Wit the tflne of such conveyance, payment, contract, dealmgTor tmis-action, any notice of any prior act of bankruptcy by such bankrupt comirfitted, or that he was insolvent, or had stopped payment.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of cwmisions of bankrupt hereafter to be issued, all and every person and persons with whom the bankrupt shall have really and M & been proved contracted any debt or debts before the date and suing fbttn of mis^onof suc^ commission, which, if contracted before any act of bank-bankruptcy, ruptcy committed, might have been proved under such commission, shall, notwithstanding any prior act of bankruptcy may have been committed by the bankrupt, be admitted to prove such debt or debts, and to stand and be a creditor under rack commission to all intents and purposes whatever, in like manner be admitted to as if no such prior act of bankruptcy had been committed by prove such such bankrupt; provided such creditor or creditors had not, at e 8' the time of such debt or debts being contracted, any notice of

P^or act bankruptcy by such bankrupt committed, debt^where^ IH* And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which, mutual credit under commissions of bankrupt hereafter to be issued, it shall hu been appear that there has been mutual credit ghrpn by the bankrupt given. and any other person, or mutual debts between the bankrupt

and any other person, one debt or demand maybe set off against another, notwithstanding any prior act of bankruptcy committed by such bankrupt before the credit was given to, or the debt was contracted by such bankrupt, in like manner as if no such prior act of bankruptcy had been committed; 'provided such credit was given to the oankruphe^ko calendar months before the

date

good.

Boni side creditors*whose debts might have

if no pnor act of bankruptcy had been committed, shall

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III.x. 136. 621

and suing forth of such commission, and provided the per-claiming the benefit of such set-off had not at the time of ng such credit any notice of any prior act of bankruptcy by

I bankrupt committed, or that he was insolvent or had stopped

I taent: provided always, that the issuing of a commission of What shall be erupt against such bankrupt, although such commission shall d^m^jiotice hoards be superseded, or the striking of a docket for the pur-Qf^j^r ac I. of issuing a commission against such bankrupt, whether any ruptcy.

/nission shall have actually issued thereupon or not, shall be tied notied of a prior act of bankruptcy for the purposes of < act, if it shall appear that an act of bankruptcy had been telly committed at the time of issuing such commission, or (ting such docket.

ft. And be it further enacted, That all persons against whom Bankrupts on

: commission of bankrupt shall hereafter issue, and who shall keir certifi-

duly found bankrupts under the same, shall upon obtaining cates

her, or their certificate, be discharged of and from all debts charged of

f this act made proveable under such commission, and shall debts prove-

fre the benefit of the several statutes now in force against f. 11. 1 F 1 commission,

inkrupts, in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as if such

(tret acts of bankruptcy had been committed prior to the con-

ICting of such debts.

V. And be it further enacted, That no commission of bankrupt Commissions iat shall be hereafter issued, shall be avoided or defeated by of bankrupt ta8on of any act of bankruptcy having been committed by thenoj!jedb; rson or any of the persons against whom such commission shall J^son of any ive issued, prior to the contracting the debt of the creditor or prior act of ly of the creditors upon whose petition such commission shall bankruptcy ave issued, if such petitioning creditor had not any notice of before ich act of bankruptcy at the time when the debt to him was t^e ontrac-antracted; but that such commission of bankrupt and all the tion of any roceedings under the same shall be valid and effectual to all debt due to a itents and purposes, notwithstanding that such prior act or acts f bankruptcy shall have been committed by such bankrupt.

CAP. CXXXVI.

in act to alter and amend two acts, made in the twenty-eighth and thirtieth years of his present Majesty, for limiting the number of persons to be carried on the outside of stage-coaches, or other carriages, and regulating the conduct of the drivers and guards there*

*/  [July 22f 1806.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the Vikenty-eighth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for limiting^q t

ie number of persons to be carried on the outside of stage*

coaches, or other carriages: and whereas another act. was passed in

the thirtieth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act to alter, ex- 30 g. 3. c. 36.

lainj and amend aiv act made in the twenty-eighth, year of the

eign of his present Majesty, intituled, < An act for limiting the

lumber of persons, to be carried on the outside of stage-coaches,

>r other carriages, and for regulating the conduct of the drivers md guards thereof: and whereas the regulations and penalties stablishedr and imposed by the said recited acts have proved

limiting the number of persons to ride on the outside of

622 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 136. [1806.

insufficient to answer the useful and important purpose tkrfy intended, and it is expedient to have some additional prmsmtml regulations regarding the same9 and to fix the number ofposstngn to be conveyedmnot only on the roof but also on any part of the outsit d stage-coaches or other carriages, and the luggage to be conveyed roof thereof: and whereas it is also expedient to extend the promo of the above recited acts, and of this present act, to that parted Great Britain called Scotland: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of September, one thousand eight hundred and six, it shall not be lawful for the drivers or the owner of any coach, chaise, or other carriage of the like sort, going or travel-stage coaches, ling for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire, to and from different places in Great Britain, to permit and suffer, in any manner or way, where such carriage is drawn by less than four horses, more than five persons at one and the same time, to ride or go as outside-passengers on or about the outside of any such coach, chaise, or carriage, exclusive of the coachman and guard to the same; and if such coach, chaise, or carriage/sbl! be drawn by four or more than four horses, more than ten persons at one and the same time to side or go as outside-passengers on or about the outside of any such coach, chaise, or carnage, from the twenty-ninth day of September in every year to the first day of April in the succeeding year, exclusive of the coachman and guard to the same; and if. such coach, chaise, or carriage, shall be drawn by- four or more horses, more than twelve persons at one and the same time to ride or go as outside-passengers, on or about the outside of any such coach, chaise, or carriage, from the first day of April to the twenty-ninth day of September in every year, exclusive of the coachman and guard ro the same; under the fines, penalties, and punishments contained in the said recited act of the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for limiting the number of persons to be carried on the outside of stage-coaches or other carriages: provided always, that nothing in this act contained shall authorise the carrying of more than one person on the coach-box with the coachman.

Owners of

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the driver of any such coach, chaise, or carriage of the like sort, going or travel-to penalties*n6 ^or hire, and conveying a greater number of persons, in any in case drivers manner or way, on or about the outside of any such coach,

- chaise, or other carriage of the like sort, than are allowed by

this act, not being known, or being known cannot be found, or cannot be produced by the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of any such coach, chaise, or other carriage, that in every such case, the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of any such coach, chaise, or other carriage of the like son, going or travelling for hire, shall be liable to all such fines,

t LC

cannot be found.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 136. 6x3

malties, or other punishments, as if such owner or owners, rOprietor or proprietors, had been the driver of any such, coach, laise, or other carriage of the like sort, at the time that such Fence was committed.

III. And be it further enacted, That any summons issued by Summons left ly justice of the peace, commanding any driver, owner, orteepCTQ<&c. roprietor of any coach, chaise, or other carriage of the Hketo g'ood"

>rt, travelling for hire, to appear before him at such time or service.

lace as to such justice shall seem meet, for any offence com-litted against this act, or the acts before recited, shall be eemed good and sufficient service in case the same be left with ie known or acting book-keeper, or any other person having tie care of any office where places are usually taken, or parcels eceived for such coach, chaise, or other carriage, in any town ito or through which any driver offending as aforesaid, shall Irive such coach, chaise, or other carriage.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for ^cnai^siz^ ny driver, owner, or proprietor of any such coach, chaise, *not tiTtecoo-arriage of the like, sort, going or tjavelling for hire, to permit or veyed on the ttflfer any parcel or pareels, or luggage, to be conveyed on the roof of stage-oof of any such coach, chaise, or other carriage of the likeco*clies*

iort, where any outside-passengers are conveyed on the roof hereof, being more than two feet above the roof of such coach, rhaise, or other carriage (unless the same shall entirely consist )f empty boxes of baskets;,) and every such driver so offending, tnd every owner or- proprietor where such driver is not known,

)t cannot be found, being convicted of such offence^ either by lis own confession, the view of a justice of the peace, or the )ath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace, or other magistrate, acting in and for the county, riding, city, town, division, or place, where any offence shall be committed, (which oath every such justice or magistrate is hereby authorised and required to administer,) shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings for every foot exceeding two feet; and in case the driver so offending shall be the owner of such coach, chaise, or other carriage, the sum of forty shillings; and in default of payment of the said penalties respectively, the person and persons so offending shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, city, town, division, or place, where such offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without bail or main-prize, for the space of one month, unless such penalties shall be sooner paid.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said recited acts, 0.3. c. 57.

passed in the twenty-eighth and thirtieth years of, his present 3

c 1.0 r.to remain in

Majesty, m so far as the same are not altered, varied, amended, force^ jMCCept

or repealed by this act, shall be, and are hereby declared to be as by*this act

and remain in full force; any thing in this act contained to the repealed.

contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the driver of any Penalty on such coach, chaise, or other carriage of)igt^ejyg^U{going or g^acbes

travelling 5

horses, or neglecting their duty.

624 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 136.

leaving their travelling for hire, stopping at any place or places where m* " tance can be procured, shall quit the box of such coach, chile, or other carriage, until a proper person or persons shall hotylfce horses or fore-horses whilst such carriage stops, so as to pient them from running away, such person or persons to hold At same until the driver has returned to his box, and has io b hands the reins for guiding the said horses; and if such dine shall neglect to attend to the same, or such person or penou shall quit holding the said horses before the driver haslhe nb in his hands, he and they, being duly convicted thereof by In* or their confession, the view of a justice or justices, or brie oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, shall be sufjeo to, and forfeit and pay a penalty of forty shillings for eachofeaoc respectivelyj to be levied in the same manner, and under the same form of proceedings, as are contained in the said recited act of the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty: provided nevertheless, that nothing in this section or clause contained dull extend or be construed to extend to hackney-coaches or other carriages being drawn by two horses only.

Drivers in-

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, ITnt in capable of case the driver of any such coach, chaise, or other carnage, or dnv^g, t from the person acting as guard, shall become incapable of driving the or otherwise, same> or of properly attending to the concerns thereof by ream or shall not of intoxication or otherwise, whereby the safety of the passenger^ account to may be endangered in their lives and property, and not due are their employ- or protection afforded or given to the property with which such seng 8 and driver or guard, or either of them, may be entrusted j or if parcels taken such driver or guard shall not duly account to his or their by them, shall employers, or persons authorised by them to account with such be committed. dr; ver or guard, for ajl monies received by him, them, or either of them, in respect of any passenger or parcel conveyed or taken bj such coach, chaise, or other carriage; then and in every such case, the driver or guard, as the case may be, of such coach, chaise, or other carriage, so offending, and being ccoovicted thereof by his own confession, the view of a justice (in any case applicable thereto,) or the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses before any justice or justices actinginand for the county, riding, city, town, division, or place, where any such offence shall be committed, such justice or justices is and are hereby authorised to commit such offender to the common gad or house of correction of the county, riding, city, towri, division, or place, where such offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any tirrie not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than three calendar months, at the discretion of the justice or justices by or before whom any such

offender shall be convicted.

Limitation of

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That tray act ion sT information to be exhibited or laid by virtue of this act, shaft he laid or exhibited within the time or space of twenty-ont <bf from the time or day on which the offence was committed; and in every case where a summons for the party accused is left with

A/ 'jj.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 136* 625

ny book-keeper or other person, as authorised by this act, the ame shall be left at the least ten days before the day requiring be party accused to appear before such justice.

IX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That "J 1 case any party or person convicted of any offence committedttequsrtcr-gainst this act, shall think himself aggrieved by any adjudica-tessiona. ion or conviction of any justice of the peace or magistrate,

inder the authority and by virtue of the powers of this act, rhere any pecuniary penalty attaches, it shall and may be law-ul for such party or person so aggrieved to appeal to the next eneral quarter-session of the peace to be holden for the county, iding, town, division, or place, where such offence was commit-.ed, against such adjudication or conviction; and such justices, ssembled at such general quarter-sessions of the peace, shall iear and determine the matter and ground of the said appeal, md shall have power to make such award, order, and deter-nination in the premises, as to such justices so assembled shall tppear just and reasonable, and may also award such costs to be uid by such party or person as to them shall seehi meet, to bt evied and recovered in such manner, in case of non-payment, ts are allowed in any case wherein justices at sessions have power a award costs in cases of appeal had before such justices at such >e$sions.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every the regula- Acts extended ions, powers, penalties, and provisions contained in this act, to Scotland tnd also such of the same as are not by this act repealed, varied,

lltered, or amended, and which are contained and mentioned in: he above recited acts of the twenty-eighth and thirtieth years of lis present Majesty's reign, shall oe, and are hereby enacted to )e and extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the penalties by the said Penalties how irst recited act passed in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, inflicted on peace-officers refusing or neglecting V '

: o execute warrants granted by justices of the peace, pursuant to

he directions of the said act, shall extend tQ and be inflicted on

ill peace-officers who shall refuse or neglect to execute any war-

ants to be granted in pursuance of this act; and that the

>enalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act shall and may be

evied, recovered, and applied, in such and the same manner as

>jr the said first recited act is directed respecting the recovery of

he penalties and forfeitures thereby inflicted; and that the forms

if proceedings relative to the several matters contained in this act,

hall be the same as those contained in the schedule to the said

irst recited act, and shall be used on all occasions, with such

dditions or variations only as may be necessary to adapt them to

he particular circumstances of the case; and that no objection

hall be allowed to be made, or advantage taken, on account of

vant of form only in any such proceedings.

[Publick act.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That this act be deemed a

niblick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all \

udges, justices, and other persons whomsoeverg^h^gt spe-

dally pleading the same.

6x6

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 137. [1806.

CAP. CXXXVII.

An act to extend the provisions of an met made in the forty-thirif* of his present Majesty, for permitting certain articles to he tors housed in Great Britain, to other articles not therein mentmd, and to alter the condition of the bond directed to be given by an mi of the twenty-fourth year (f his present Majesty, by the muter: and owners af vessels and boats licensed by the lords of the Abo-rally  [July 22, 1806.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the forty-third year tf A* reign of kis present Majesty, intituled An act for pennitting certain goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in warehouses without payment of duties, his Majesty by kis orin m council is empowered to permit certain goods, wares, and merchasetu enumerated and described in the tables to the said act annexed, or sack other articles which by virtue of the said act may be added to sad tables, and winch may be deemed proper and fit to be landed sad lodged in warehouses, or otherwise secured, according to the UrocUm of the said act, at any port of Great Britain without payment at the time of the first entry f the duties of customs or excise due on tie importation thereof; provided it shall be made appear that suck poet is, with respect to the trade and commerce carried on therein, aid from the nature of its situation, a port to which it would be just aadrraso*-able to extend the advantages by the said act granted, and also that docks, wharfs, and warehouses shall have been built and ended within such port, complete, fit, and proper in every respect far tie landing and reception of any such goods, wares, and merchandise, and wherein the same may respectively be safely imparted and landed, and securely deposited according to the nature thereof, and wherein the same may remain under the regulations of the send act: and whereas by another act passed in the forty-fifth year if the reign f iS G. j. c.$7 his said Majesty, intituled An act to authorise the cxtmmissioners of his Majesty's treasury to permit certain articles to be ware* housed in different ports in Great Britain, upon giving security for the payment of duties upon the articles therein mentioned, the benefit and accommodation to trade granted by the said recked act with respect to the goods, wares, and merchandize> enumerated or described in the tables to the first recited act annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) (tobacco excepted,) and also wine imported from the West Indies, was extended to any port in Great Britain, although suck dicks, wharfs, and warehouses as by the said act are required, nosy not be built and erected within such port, and the said act Jutvutg been found useful and beneficial, k is expedient to extend the provisions thereof to other goods than those therein mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by die autho-Tressurymay rity of the same, That whenever it shall be made appear to die 2vantaaC satisfaction of the lord high treasurer, or the of of mqted^y his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more ffd act of them, mat any port is, with respect to the

trade

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 137. 627

trade and commerce carried on therein, and from the nature of 43 3* to

its situation, a port to which it would be just and reawnable P^rtt^e

and safe to extend the advantages granted by the said recited works*re-act of the forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, quiredthereby although such docks, wharfs, and warehouses as are thereby re-be not erected, quired, may not have been made, erected, or built within such a*

port, it shall be lawful for the lord high treasurer, or the com-^ay b^here missioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any three or landed and more of them, by warrant under his or their hand or hands to warehoused, order and direct that any of the goods, wares, and merchandize enumerated or described in the tables to the said act annexed, marked (C.) (D.) and (.), and also hides and such other articles which, by virtue of the said recited act of the forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, may be added to such tables, may be landed and lodged in Mtarehouses, or otherwise secured under the joint locks of the merchant and the customs, and also of the excise in cases where duties of excise are payable, without payment, at the time of the first entry, of the duties of customs or excise, due on the importation thereof; any thing in the said recited act of the forty-third year of the reign of his said Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding: and thenceforth all the provisions, powers, authorities, penalties, forfeitures, regulations, restrictions, acts, matters, and things, contained in the said act of the forty-third year of the reign of his Majesty, or in the said act of the forty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, shhll, so far as the same are applicable, and except where the same are altered or varied by this act, extend and be construed to extend to the port or ports named in Such order, in like manner in every respect, and as fullj and amply as if such port or ports had been or should be entitled to the advantages given or granted by the said recited acts_ or either of them.

II. And whereas by an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more 24 Q. 3. c. 47. effectual prevention of smuggling in this kingdom, and several other acts, certain ships, vessels, and boats therein particularly described^ are in certain cases subject to forfeiture, unless the owner thereof shall have a licence for navigating the same} as therein directed, from the lord high-admiral of Great Britain, or the of of the Admiralty for the time being, or any person authorised by them to grant the same, and the owner of every ship, vessel, or boat so licensed, is ^required to give certain security as in the said acts directed, before such ship, vessel, or boat should proceed to sea, or sail out of any port, harbour, or creek in this kingdom and whereas by an act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his present Majesty, intituled An act to permit blubber from the Greenla^( Fishery 39 & 40 0.3. and Davis's Streights to be boiled into oil after the arrival of thee* ship from the fishery, and for charging the duty thereon; for altering the convoy-duty now payable on the importation of opium; for repealing the duties on the importation of oil of turpentine and tar, and charging other duties in lieu thereof;

628 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 137. [1806.

for exempting burr-stones and stones used for the purpose af paving, or the making or mending of roads, from the Met charged thereon, when carried coastwise; for obliging mutes of snips laden with tobacco to remove the same from tUr moorings when their cargoes are discharged; and for extendag bonds given on licensing ships, vessels, or boats, to all cases wherein ships, vessels, or boats may be liable to forfeiture; further security was required to be given by the said owner, that ml ship, vessel, or boat should not be used or employed in hovering n& the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leapt: of the coast thereof, or in any other mannery or in any trade employment whatever contrary to the laws in force on and immdhtel} before the passing of that act: and whereas by an act of thefirtf 4S G. 3. C.HI year of present Majesty, intituled An act for the aw effectual prevention of smuggling, vessels and boats ore sdpttti forfeiture if found or discovered to have been in any part tf lit British or Irish channels, or elsewhere on the high seas, with* m hundred leagues of ary part of the epast of Great Britain or Irdam), having on board spirits, tea, tobacco, and snuff, in less packogtt dm are mentioned and described in the said act, it is therefore ctjfAst to make further provision as to the terms and conditions tf the sx* rity to be required of the masters and owners of such vendted In lieu of the boats; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the paisa;

fact?n ^eu bond required by the said rooted act

39 & 40 0^3.of t^ie thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his presentMapty, c. 51. the the owner of every vessel or boat which shall be licensed m

owners of pursuance of any act or acts of parliament, shall, befoitanj

such vessel or boat proceed to sea, or sail out of an? port, hr-bond in man* bour, or creek in this kingdom, give security by bond in the ner directed manner directed by the said recited acts respectively, that sock by recited vessel and boat shall not be employed in the importation or landing of any tea or foreign spirituous liquors, or any pro-nertbe em- hibited or other goods, contrary to the true intent and meaning ployed in the of any act of parliament which now is or hereafter may be in landing often force, or in the exportation of any goods which are or maybe prohibited to be exported from this kingdom, or in the re-bnd-P^ibited^ mS anT goods whatsoever contrary to law, which are entered goods. See. outwards for exportation for any drawback or bounty, or winch or be found are or may be prohibited to be used or worn in Great Brim, withm certain amj sJuj] not be found in any part of the British or Irish chin- c' nels or elsewhere on the high seas, within one hundred leagues of any part of the coast of Great Britain or Ireland, or discovered to have been within the said limits, having on board any sprits, tea, tobacco, or snuff in any manner contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said recited act of the forty-fifth year of his present Majesty, and that the said vessel or boat shall notbeem-ployed be found or discovered to have been out of the Mi within which the said vessel or boat is licensed to mfoipte or trade, and shall not be engaged for or used in any trade 0 ployment whatever, other than that described and set forth atfe licence for such vessel or boat, and that the said vessel qrVnt

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 138. 629

shall not be used or employed in any other way or manner whatever contrary to the laws in force, or hereafter to be made relative to the revenue of customs*

CAP. CXXXVIII.

An act to repeal part of the excise countervailing duty on Irish hops imported; for granting an excise countervailing duty on the importation of Irish window-glass; and to exempt tiles made far the purpose of draining lands, from the duties of excise.

[July 22,

1806.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the forty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for re-

4S 0.3. 0.94*

ducing the duty of excise on hops, the growth of Great Britain; it was enacted, that one halfpenny of the duty of excise of twopence halfpenny the pound-weight avoirdupois, granted by an act passed in the forty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to repeal the duties of excise payable in Great Britain, and 45 to grant other duties in lieu thereof, on hops the growth of Great Britain, should cease and determine: and whereas it is expedient that the countervailing duties of excise imposed by the said last mentioned act on Irish hops imported from Ireland into Great Britain, should also be reduced; be it therefore enacted, by the One half-King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con- penny of the sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this duty of present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, excise of That, from and after the passing or this act, one halfpenny of 2-id. per lb. the countervailing duty of excise of two-pence halfpenny the panted on pound-weight avoirdupois, granted by the said act of the forty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, on Irish hops into Great imported from Ireland into Great Britain, shall cease and Britain, shall determine. cease.

II. And whereas by an act made in the forty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his 45 3*c* 3*

Majesty several additional duties of excise in Great Britain, additional duties on certain descriptions of glass therein specified were granted to his Majesty, and by the said act a duty of excise of nine shillings and ten-pence halfpenny was granted as a countervailing duty for and upon every hundred-weight of Irish window-glass (not being spread-glass,) whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the name of Grown-Glass, or German Sheet-Glass, which should be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland: and whereas the said last mentioned duty of nine shillings and ten-pence halfpenny was not a countervailing duty to the duties by the said act granted, inasmuch as such countervailing duty should have been fourteen shillings and ten-pence halfpenny; and it is therefore expedient that a further additional countervailing duty of five shillings should be imposed for every hundred-weight of such glass so imported, and that the same should take place from the time of granting the said countervailing duty of nine smllings and

630 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 138*.

[1806.

ten-pence halfpenny, as if the scud duty had been the proper couuktr-vailing duty of fourteen shillings and ten-pence halfpenny; be k A counterfoil- therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, ^i^ditionthere ta'se(*> levied, collected, and paid, throughout

to os. 10 Great Britain, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and shall be paid successors, for and upon every hundred-weight of Irish window-for every cwt glass (not being spread-glass,) whether flashed or otherwise of Irish win- manufactured, and commonly called ot known by the name of called Crown Crown-Glass or German Shee^Glass, which shall have been since or German- the granting of the said countervailing duty of nine shillings 2nd Sheet, import- ten-pence halfpenny, or which shall hereafter be imported into Britain from Great Britain directly from Ireland, a further countervailing Ireland. duty ^ve shillings, in addition to the said countervailing duty of nine shillings and ten-pence halfpenny granted by the said act} and that the said further additional duty of five shiHmgi shall be received, levied, collected, paid, applied, and accounts! for, under, subject, and according to all the rules, regulations* and provisions, made by the said recited act, or by any other act or acts of parliament now in force, as to the said additional countervailing duty of excise of nine shillings and ten-peuce halfpenny so granted by the said recited act as aforesaid, and as if the full countervailing duty of fourteen shillings and ten-pence halfpenny had been granted by the said act; and all drawbacks of duty regulated by die amount of the said countervailing duties shall be regulated and allowed by such fn& countervailing duty of fourteen shillings and ten-pence halfpenny from the time of granting the said countervailing duty ot nine shillings and ten-pence halfpenny, in like manner as if the full and proper countervailing duty had been granted by the said recited act.

III. And whereas by She laws now in force a certain description of tiles, made for the purpose of draining lands, are exempted from the duties chargeable on tiles: and whereas it is expedient to allow tiles of other descriptions to be made for that purpose free of the duties of excise, be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons whatsoever to make for the sole purpose elf draining wet or marshy lands, free of the duties of excise, tiles bent into a semi-elliptical form, the width of which, measured on the inside thereof, shall not in any part exceed six inches.

Tiles of the description herein mentioned for draining wet or marshy lands may be made, free

from the duty ^le height of which, when so bent as aforesaid, taken from of excise. 7 the outside of the crown of the arch thereof in a perpendicular line to the extreme edge thereof, shall in all cases exceed die width measured as afojresaid, but with a foot or projection from the bottom of the arch where the same shall be found necessary, not exceeding two inches in breadth, for the purpose of keeping up the said tiles in loose or friable soils; any tking at any act or acts of parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every person

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 139. 631

person who shall use any tiles by this act exempted from duty, Penalty on for any other purpose than draining wet or marshy lands, on h tiles" being convicted thereof shall forfeit and pay a penalty of six- for any other pence for every tile so used contrary to the meaning of this act, purpose t to be recovered, levied, and applied, as any penalty in any for draining act. relating to duties on tiles, may be recovered, levied, andan*' applied.

CAP. cxxxix.

An act for altering and amending several law relating to the duties of excise upon malt, until the twenty-fifth day (f March one thousand eight hundred and seven.

[July 22, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting 16 4 % 0.3. c. 3l. his Majesty additional duties on beer and ale brewed in, or imported into Great Britain; on malt made in Great Britain; on hops grown in, or imported into Great Britain; and on spirits distilled in Ireland and imported into Great Britain; for repealing certain allowances to brewers of beer and ale j and for preventing frauds and abuses in the levenue of excise on beer, ale, and malt: and whereas it is expedient that certain of the provisions of the said act, ir^ relation to the wetting or sprinkling of any grain making into malt, in any stage of operation after it has been taken out of the steeping vats should be repealed; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and six, so much of the as prohibits said recited act as prohibits the wetting or sprinkling of any com the wetting of or grain making into malt, in any state or stage of operation, cni in8tate after it shall have been taken from the steeping vat, until the after*bdng expiration of twehre days, shall be, and the same is hereby taken from repealed 5 save and except in all cases in which any fine, penalty, the steeping-or forfeiture shall have keen incurred at any time before or on v^t until tlw the said first day of August one thousand eight hundred and XJ days, six. repealed.

II. And whereas many maltsters have wetted or sprinkled corn or grain making into malty after the expiration of nine days from its being taken out of the steeping-vaty whereby they have incurred divers Maltsters who -penalties; and it is expedient that such maltsters should be indem- have since nified thert from; be it therefore enacted, That all such maltsters April 5, 180$, who have wetted or sprinkled corn as aforesaid, since the fifth^Cm day of April one thousand eight hundred and six, shall be, and Jter taen they are hereby indemnified against all actions or prosecutions from the whatsoever, for or on account of the same, as fully and effec- steeping-vat, tually to all intents and purposes as if the tame had authorised by law.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first day

wetting com after being taken from the cistern, &c. till the

Penalty on workmen wetting com contrary hereto, 50l.

631 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 139. [1806.

Penalty for day of August one thousand eight hundred and six, no nufrw or maker of malt shall wet, water, or sprinkle, or cans* or suffer to be wetted, watered* or sprinkled, any corn or pm making into malt, in any state or stage of operation after At.same shall have been emptied, thrown, or taken from or out d

aiS Smrs, t^ie c^9ternJ uting-vat, or other vessel or utensil used for steep*

lool'9ing such qom or grain, for and until the full end and expiration of

two hundred and sixteen hours, on pain of forfeiting for every such offence the sum of two hundred pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any workman, servant, or labourer, employed by or in the service of any maltster or maker of malt, shall wet, water, or sprinkle any corn or gram making into malt, in any state or 6tage of operation whatem, after tnesame shall have been emptied, thrown, or taken from or out of the cistern, uting-vat, or other vessel or utensil uasd for steeping such corn or grain, until the full end and expiration of two hundred and sixteen hours after the same shall hare been emptied, thrown, or taken from or out of any such cistern, uting-vat, or other vessel or utensil used for steeping such corn or grain as aforesaid, and before ouch corn or grain shall be put of laid on the kiln, every such workman, servant, or labourer as aforesaid, so offending, shall and may be apprehended by any officer or officers of excise, and taken before any one or more of his Majesty's justifce# of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, wherein such workman, servant, or labourer shall be found; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any such justice or justices of the peace respectively, on the parties' confession of any such offence, or on proof thereof, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to convict in the penalty of fifty pounds, every workman, servant, or labourer so proved to have been guilty of any such offence; and every such workman, servant, or labourer, convicted as aforesaid, shall immediately on such conviction pay down into the hands of such officer the said penalty in which he or she shall be so convicted, to be applied in manner herein after directed; and if any such workman, servant, or labourer so convicted shall not forthwith paydown the said penalty, the said justice or justices shall, and he or they are hereby authorised and required by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to commit the party so convicted as aforesaid, to the house of correction for the said county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, there to remain to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding twelve months, to be reckoned from the day of such conviction $ and the person so convicted shall not be discharged until he or she shall have paid the said penalty, or until the expiration of the time for which such commitment was made.

V. And whereas doubts have arisen whether an appeal lies in certain cases relating to or concerning the making of malty or the duties on malty or any penalty or forfeiture relating to the samef frm

ary

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 139. 633

judgement, ordery or determination, or or/iy conviction of justices f the peace to the justices assembled at the quart er-sess ions of the teaca for obviating which doubts, be it further declared and macted, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons who Person* ag-hall fiqd himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any griev*d lii udgement, order, determination, or conviction of any justice to^/makin* >r justices of the peace, in any case relating to ot concerning of malt, may he making of malt, or any of the duties on malt, or any appeal to the penalty or forfeiture relating to the same, to appeal from suen (luaftrr" judgement or order to the justices assembled at the next general8e8Mons* quarter-sessions of the peace to be holden for the county, riding, shire, stewartry, city, or place in which such judgement shall have been given, or order, determination, or conviction made; which said justices of the peace, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine of and concerning the truth of the facts and merits of the case in question between the parties, to such judgement, order, determination, or conviction respectively; and if*at such quarter-sessions any defect or defects of form shall be found in such proceedings before the justice or justices who gave such original judgement, order, determination, or conviction, that then and in every such case, such defect or defects of form shall be rectified and amended by the order or orders of such justices so assembled at such quarter-sessions; any thing herein or in any other act or acts contained to the contrary in* anywise notwithstanding; and no writ of certiorari shall be allowed or brought to set aside any determination or order of the said justices of the peace so assembled at the quarter-sessions: provided always, that upon every such appeal the said justices so assembled at such quarter-sessions shall and do proceed to re-hear, re-examine, and reconsider the truth of the facts, and the merits of the case in question between the parties to such original judgement, order, determination, or convictiop, and to re-examine thereto upon oath the same witnesses, or any of them, and no other, who shall have been before examined upon oath as witnesses before the justices of the peace at the original hearing on which the judgement, order, determination, or'conviction so appealed from, was or were given.

VI. And whereas an act passed in the twelfth near of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for granting to her ia Ann*. Majesty duties upon malt, mum, and cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and for making forth duplicates of lottery-tickets lost, burnt, or destroyed; and for enlarging the time for adjusting claims in several lottery-acts; and to punish the counterfeiting or forging of lottery-orders, and for explaining a late act in relation to stamp-duties on customary estates which pass by deed and copy; and whereas another act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty, 46 G. 3. c. a. certain duties upon malt in Great Britain, for the service of the

year

634 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 139. [1806.

year one thousand eight hundred and six: and whereas sme if the penalties mentioned in the said acts have been found insufficient; it is I therefore expedient that they should be increased; be it therefore Mataterethall enacted, That from and after the first day of August one than* an^entry e 8an<^ eight hundred and six, every maltster or maker of malt doi at the next monthly and every month make a true entry at the next office of office of ex* excise, of all the malt by him, her', or them made in such month of respectively, on pain of forfeiting for every neglect to make y

suc^ entry*ast aforesaid, the sum of one hundred pounds, m nahy of IOO/# lieu and instead of the sum of ten pounds mentioned in the sad instead of io/. recited act of Queen Anne.

by recited act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the fit* Penalty for day of August one thousand eight hundred and six, if any maltster < or ma^er of ma^t shall fraudulently hide, conceal, or convey away

view of offi- any malt or any corn or grain making into malt, from the dgfct cert, aoo/. or view of the gauger or gaugers, or officer or officers of erase fastesd of joj. taking an account of the same, or under whose survey sack maltster or maker of malt shall then be, the person or persons offending therein, shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, in lieu and instead of ten shillings imposed in the said recited act of Queen Anne.

Penalty for VIII/ And be it further enacted, That from 2nd after the fix* uadnsr^ extern August one thousand eight hundred and six, no maltster or

See. without* ocher person making malt for sale, shall erect or set up, alter or entry, loot, enlarge, or make use of any cistern, uting-vat, utensil, or other instead of 50l. vessel, for the wetting or steeping any barley or other corn or grain, for the making of malt, or any kiln, floor, room, or other place, for the making or keeping of malt, or keeping of corn or grain into malt, without first malung a true and particular entry thereof, in writing, at the next office of excise, or shall keep or make use of any private cistern, uting-vat, utensil, or other rasel, for the wetting his or her barley or other com or gram, to male malt other than such as are openly known and made use of in his or her common malting-house, on pain of forfeiting for every such cistern, uting-vat, utensil, or other vessel, kiln, floor, room, or other place, so erected or set up, altered or enlarged, kept private or concealed, or made use of without such notice as " aforesaid, the sum of two hundred pounds in Heu and instead of the pum of fifty pounds mentioned in the said Fecited act of Queeo Anne.

Penalty for forcing toge-i ther in the cistern, &c. com making into malt, 100l. instead of 5J. per bushel; and a like penalty for malt found so close and impact that

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred aftd six, if any maltster or maker of malt should tread, ram, or otherwise force together in the cistern, uting-vat, or couch, any corn or grain steeping or steeped m order to the making thereof into malt, every such maltster or maker of malt shall forfeit and lose the sum of oae hundred pounds instead of the sum of five shillings for emy bushel of corn or grain so steeped and trodden, mentioned in the said recited act of this present session of parliament 5 and if any corn or grain in afly cistern, uting-vat, or couch, steeping or

n i steeped,

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 139. 635

eeped, in order to the making thereof into malt, by any maltster it could not be; maker of malt, is or shall be found so hard, close, and com- been8forced ict as it could not be unless the same had by some means or together, her been forced together to prevent the rising and swelling tereof, every maltster or maker of malt, where the same shall be > found, shall in every such case forfeit and lose the sum of one tmdred pounds, instead of the said sum of five shillings per ishel in the recited act of this present session of parliament > id if on any supervisor or other officer of excise in Great Britain, Increase of r any person or persons employed by them for that purpose, in conclusive1^le presence of such maltster or maker of malt, or his, her, or^j^of leir servant (if such maltster or maker of malt, or servant shall fraud, link fit to be present at such operation) throwing or removing 11 the corn or grain from or out of any couch which such jpervisor or officer shall suspect to have been trodden, rammed, r otherwise forced together, and on such supervisor or officer or ther person or persons throwing and laying the same level iiv uch malt-house, any increase shall be found in the gauge or [uantity of such corn or grain exceeding the rate of one bushel n every twenty bushels over and above the quantity which the ame appeared to be by the previous gauge thereof, taken in the: ouch, then and in every such case, proof being made of such increase as aforesaid, the same shall: be deemed conclusive evidence hat such maltster or maker of malt, did tread, ram, or otherwise orce together the said corn or grain in the couch, or that the same was so hard, close, and compact as it could not be unless the same had by some means or other been foreed together to prevent the rising and swelling thereof; and shall subject the maltster or maker of malt to the said penalty of one hundred pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Fraudulently day of August one thousand eight hundred and six, if any maltster or maker of malt shall fraudulently convey away, or cause or steeping of procure, or permit or suffer to be conveyed away, from the cistern, corn making uting-vat, or other wetting-place, or utensil, any steeping or part of any steeping of corn or grain making into malt, and shall mix {^eaJof such corn or grain so conveyed away with and amongst any other xoo/. corn or grain, or if any maltster or maker of malt shall fraudulently convey, or cause or procure, or permit or suffer to be conveyed away from the cistern, uting-vat, or other wetting-place or utensil, 1 any steeping or part of any steeping of corn or grain making into malt, so that no gauge of such corn or grain so conveyed away cau be taken in the couch by the officer, then and in each of the said cases, every such maltster or maker of malt, so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds, in lieu and instead of the sum of one hundred pounds in the said recited act of this present session of payment mentioned. Conviction.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every conviction by or before justices before any justice of the peace, for any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, to be in the

fines, following

C-QTm*

fines, penalties, or forfeitures, by this act irtiposed, may be mad* in the form following, to wit.

Form of conviction.

it remembered, That on the

Penalties and forfeitures, how to be recovered and applied.

Powers of xaCar.s. c. 34, and other acts relating to the excise, extended to this act.

Commencement and tontinuance of act.

day of,

in the year of our Lord A. J?. was, on the, complaint of C. 2>. he the said C.D. then and there being an officer of excise, convicted before us, two of the justices of Ike peace for the county of [or for the riding or

division of the county of, or for the city, Ebatfr

district, or town of as the case shall happen U

Jr,] in pursuance of an act made in the forty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Third, [or as the case may heS\ Gives under our hands and seals the day and year above written.*

XII. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levn^ or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively 5 and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and dungs, which in and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking'away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights' service and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such cases for which other penalties are made and prescribed by this act,) shall be practised, used, and put in execution, in and for the purposes of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall commence and take effect as to all such matters and things therein contained, in respect whereof no special commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and six, and shall remain and continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and seven.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 140, 141. 637

CAP. CXL.

An act to amend Uvo acts, passed in the forty second year of Us present Majesty, relating to the militia of England and Scotland respectively, as to the pay of the officers and men of the said militia. 

[July 22, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending 4* 00

be laws relating to the militia in England, and for augmenting

be militia \ and whereas another act was passed in the forty-second

ear aforesaid, intituled An act to raise and establish a militia- and c. 91.

orce in Scotland; and whereas another act was pasted in the parliament ^Ireland, in the thirty-third year of Us present Majesttfs reign,

intituled An act for amending and reducing into one act of 33 G.3.

parliament the laws relating to the militia in Ireland; and whereas

mother act was passed in vie tUrty-fourth year of the reign of Us

wisent Majesty, intituled An act to consolidate and amend the 44 G 3- c. 54.

provisions of the several acts relating to the corps of yeomanry

and volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further regulations

relating thereto \ and whereas it is in the said recited acts respectively

enacted, That from the date of his Majeshfs warrants for drawing

out of the militia into actual service, the officers and men of the militia

shall he entitled to the same pay as the officers and men of his Majesty's

other infantry-forces, or as other regiments of foot receive, and no other;

and that persons enrolled in corps of yeomanry and volunteers, when assembled in certain cases specified in the said rented act, shall receive

pay after the same rates as Us Majesties other forces; and whereas it may he expedient to increase the pay of the officers and men of Us

Majestfs other forces, in certain cases; may it therefore please Recited acts

Eur Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the not to extend ng's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pa^to the present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, officers qr That nothing in the said recited acts, or either of them contained, men of the shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give to the officers or or of

men of the militia, or officers or men of yeomanry and volunteer and dunteer corps of England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively, any increase of corps, not-pay, by reason of any increase of pay given since the first day of withstanding June one thousand eight hundred and six, or which may hereafter of

be given to any officers or men of his Majesty's regular forces; regulars, any thing in the said recited acts, or either of them contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXLI.

An act for making more effectual provision for the more speedy and regular examination and audit of the publick accounts of this kingdom.

[July 22, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for better 5 G. 3. c. 5a. examining and auditing the publick accounts of this kingdom:

638 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 141. [1806.

and whereas a certain other act was passed, in the fbrtyfftkiprcf 45 G. 3.^ss his present Majestxfs reign, intituled An act to amend an act Bade in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, for better ramming and auditing the publick accounts of this kingdom, ok! for enabling the of, in certain cases, to aUo* of vouchers, although not stamped according to law 5 and vhm a certain other act was passed, in the said forty-fifth year ofkispn-45 O.3. c. 91. Snt Majesty, intituled An act for appointing additional comnb sioners for the better examining and auditing certain of the pubdck'accounts of Great Britain: and whereas it isexpeiat that some further provisions should be made for the more speedy ad effectual examination and audit of the publick accounts of this kiqdm; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, bj and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and ten-poral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and The offices of by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of army- r * act> persons executing the office of comptrollers of accounts, army-accounts shall cease to be of for auditing the and of au- publick accounts of this kingdom; and that the two offices of ditor of public comptrollers of army-accounts and of for auditing the ^hencSorth accounts, shall thenceforth be wholly separate and di-

distinct. stinct, and shall not be held or executed by the same pecans.

His Majesty

II. And be it further enacted, That at any time within tvs may appoint months after the passing of this act, it shall and may be kwfnJ erefor ^audit- Majesty, ^is heirs and successors, by letters patent upder

ine the pub- E?eat of the United Kingdom, to nominate and appeim

lick accounts, such number of persons, including therein the persons who shall not exceeding at that time hold the situation of of for auditing the ten in num!-6 accounts, as shall make the number of such comma-

ber# sioners amount to ten in the whole, who shall thenceforth he

the of for auditing the publick accounts of dusking-dom, and shall hold their offices during good behaviour, and shall have the same powers, authorities, and perform the same duties, and be subject and liable to the same controul, ss the of appointed by virtue of the above recited acts, or any of them.

His Majesty

III. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may, by may grant such letters patent as aforesaid, grant to the several persons commission-6 t^iere^n named the following salaries and allowances 5 (that is to erg. say) to the person first named therein, who shall be chairman of the commission, a salary of one thousand five hundred pound* per annum} and to the other of a salary of one thousand two hundred pounds per annum each; which salaries respectively shall be clear of all fees and deductions, to be paid out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain.

The lords

IV. And be it further enacted, That the lord high treasurer, commission- or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any ers of the three or more of them, may allow such sums as to them shall

JlowTsalari^ 866111^ from time to time, for the salaries of the several offices, to officers, clerks, and other persons employed under the said comftis-

clerks, and sioners, and for the incidental expences to be incurred in the

others,

rsrv

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 141. 639

office for auditing the public accounts of this kingdom, to be incidental >aid out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain. expences, out

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the dat^fund. ord high treasurer, or of of his Majesty's treasury for Treasury may he time being, or any three or more of them, from time to time, to subdivide ubdivide the general board of the said ten of into commission-uch and so many boards, and to apportion the business oftoanjg and editing and examining the said accounts, as well such as are apportion iow in arrear as all present and future accounts among the their business ereral boards, and to allot the officers, assistants, and clerks o each of such respective boards, as to them shall seem expe-iient.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from No vacancy Uid after the date of such letters patent as aforesaid, no vacancyto be filled which may arise in the number of such of shall be Slled up by the appointment of any other of, with- parliament, out the further authority of an act of parliament for the purpose until the of authorising such appointment, until the number of such com- number of missioners shall be reduced to jive or less, in which case his ^hal7^be" Majesty may from time to time, as often as any such vacancy reduced to shall happen, appoint new of, so as to keop up their five, numbers always to six: provided always, that on the death, resignation, or other legal avoidance of the chairman of the said commission, his Majesty may from time to time nominate and appoint such other of the said of to be chairman of the general board, as to his Majesty shall seem expedient, and may grant to$uch chairman a salary of one thousand five hundred pounds per annum in the whole, clear of all fees and deductions: provided also, that if at any time the house of commons shall, by address to his Majesty, state that the publick accounts of the kingdom are so for brought up, examined, and stated, as to render unnecessary the continuance of all the said of, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to remove any one or more of the said of whose name shall stand last in the commission to be granted by his Majesty, so as that the whole number remaining in the commission shall not be thereby reduced to less than six.

VII. And be it further enacted, That any thing which is The majority herein or under the authority of this act, or in and by the said of th.e coin-recited acts, directed to be done by the commissioners for audit- Inboard tog the publick accounts* or by any of the boards into which the be competent said of may be divided, may be done by the majority to do all acts, of the said of, or by the majority of any of the said

boards respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all persons liable to ac- Accountants count before the said of, shall, within three calendar to transmit months at the latest after the thirty-first day of December one thou- accoun

Sand eight hundred and six, and within three calendar months at

the latest after the same day in every future year, deliver into or transmit to the office of the said of an account current of all sums of money received and paid by them for the

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 141. [1806.

publick service within the preceding year, whether the sakwns of money, or any of them, were received or paid for theme of such year, or otherwise, together with the vouchers foririt receipts or payments, accompanied by a schedule of the me, signed by the Accountant, or by some person duly authorised 01 his behalf, Unless it has been usual for any account to be made tip to any different period in the year, in which case sud account, together with the vouchers and schedule thereof, my be delivered or transmitted within three calendar months at dr latest after such usual period of making up such account respectively > and that such schedule shall forthwith, after the ddiVery thereof, be compared with the said vouchers, by the pnper officer in the office for auditing the publick accounts, and if found to correspond with the same, a duplicate thereof shall immediately be made out and signed by such officer, and be delivered or transmitted to the accountant, if the accowttnt shall require him so to do: provided always, that the defray or transmission of such account, and voueners by such accwm-tant, shall not exonerate the parties from making up and defre* ing, or transmitting such other accounts applicable to thesemce of each year or period, without regard to the year or period when such suim were received or paid, as may be required of them by the course and usage of office, or by any detenmnuioo of the said of; but that all such last mentioned accounts shall continue to be made up, and shall be defrend into or transmitted to the office for auditing the publick accounts, within three calendar months at the latest after die date of the last receipt dr payment to be included therein.

Accounts to

IX. And be it further enacted, That any account to be de be duly fivered into the office of the commissioners for auditing the attested. publick accounts may be attested before any baron of lii Majesty's courts of exchequer, of the cursitor-baron, or the commissioners for auditing the publick accounts, or any of the boards into which the said of shall be divided, or the majority of the said of or of any of the said boards, or any of for taking affidavits in any of his Majesty's courts of exchequer, or any of his Majesty's ministers to foreign states, or the chief or any principal magistrate of any place Out of the United Kingdom, where the person attesting the same may reside at the time of such attestation.

Paymaster of A. And be it further enacted, That whenever the paymaster-the forces, &c. general of his Majesty's forces, the treasurer of the nary, the

to treasurer of the ordnance, or any other publick officer, shall pay, Inc commit t,

tioners ac- issue, or deliver to any person or persons whomsoever money, for

counts. publick services, by way of imprest, or on account, or shall direct any monies to be charged to the account of any such person or persons, then and in every such case, such paymaster, treasurer, or other officer, shall, within three calendar months after the thirty-first day of December one thousand eight ins*, dred and six, and within three calendar months after the thaty-first day of December in every future year, transmit to the ad M^by of

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. 0^41* ^64*

nmissioness a certificate of all and every sum and sums so d, issued, delivered, or charged by him within the preceding ir, together with the name and description of the person or rsons to whom the same shall have been respectively paid, ued, delivered, or charged, and the said of shall, nreupon, without any delay, take the same into consideration $ d if it shall appear to them that any of the persons to whom, for account of whom, pilblick monies shall be so certified have been paid, issued, delivered, or charged, ought to be ide sub-accountants, and that the said sum or sums so cer-ied should be set insuper upon such person in the account of ch publick officer, when the same shall be declared, they shall rthwith give notice thereof to such publick officer, and shall also msmit a schedule or certificate thereof to his Majesty's remenw ancer of the court of exchequer, who shall immediately, on e receipt of such schedule or certificate, put the several sums > paid or issued in charge against the parties, in like manner at practised with respect to persons wno receive money by way f imprest, and upon account, at the receipt of his Majesty's tchequer: provided always, that in cases where such issue, ayment, delivery, or charge, shall have been made or directed parts beyond the seas, and by any deputy or assistant of such aymaster, treasurer, or other officer acting on his behalf, it shall e sufficient if the certificate thereof shall be so transmitted rithin three months after the receipt of notice thereof, at the irincipal office of such paymaster, treasurer, or other officer.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the comiiiis- Commission^ ioners for auditing the publick accounts shall not, by the trans-6" nission of any such schedule or certificate of his Majesty's emembrancer of the court of exchequer, be precluded from wards allow- fterwards allowing any such sum or sums in the discharge ofingsumsin he account of any such publick officer, instead of setting the same a*co?2^ nsuper upon the person or persons to whom, or for account of rfiora, the same shall have been paid, issued, delivered, or barged, if such publick officer shall duly account for the ame, or if satisfactory proof shall be exhibited to the said commissioners of such sum or sums having been duly expended for he publick service \ in which cases the said of shall ransmit a certificate thereof to his Majesty's remembrancer of be court of exchequer, who shall immediately, upon the receipt of such further certificate, strike out the name or names of the nrties against whom such sums were put in charge, from the Bprest-roll; and such parties shall from thenceforth be dis-flkrced from any other or further account for the same.

XII. And whereas by the said act of the twenty-fifth year afore*

My it was enacted, that no accountant should be allowed in his fcount any sum which he should issue or pay over to any sub-accoun-fntjy unless he should have transmitted to the said of jfegular accounts thereof in the manner and within the times therein mentioned, unless proof should be produced, to the satisfaction of the mrd high treasurer, or the of of the treasury, that any

\ Vox, XLVI. Tt by

fto accountant to be allowed any sum paid to a sub-accountant, unless

642 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 141. [ito6.

failure of transmitting the same did not happen from the vtlfd neglect of the person issuing or paying over the money as afrnsm i end whereas by the said first recited act of the forty-fifth year eftmi, the period provided by the said first recited act of the twentyff&pr aforesaid, for the delivery of ike accounts therein mentioned, was a-tendedj be it enacted, That the said next hereinbefore recited

E revisions of the said acts respectively shall be, and the same an ereby repealed? and that no accountant shall henceforth be allowed in his account any sum which he shall issue or pay over to any sub-accountants, unless he shall have transmitted to the betran^ttodcommissioners such regular accounts as are in this actdi-as by this1 act recte<*> unless proof shall be produced, to the satisfaction of the is directed, lord high treasurer, or the of of the treasury, that any failure of transmitting the same did not happen from the wilful neglect of such principal accountant.

Accountants

XIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any acco* of money intotant or 8Uh-accountant shall pay, or cause to be paid, into the the Exche* receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, or into the Bank, on account quer, on of the paymaster-general of his Majesty's forces, if so directed proving the by the lord high treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's TOmndsrion- tTeasurT> whole of the money with which he shall stand ers, to be discharged, and shall exhibit to the said of proofs of charged at the his having done so, they shall grant-him m certificate thereof, cfequer, on upon the exhibition of which certificate at the several offices of ffeceSifiaite xc^e<luer where he may respectively stand charged, he shall of the com- forthwith be discharged of such sums, and be relieved from ren-missioners. dering any account thereof; for which discharge he shall oof be liable to pay any fees.

Where com-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shafl appear to missionere are the commissioners for auditing the publick accounts, that any sum'th^theper- sums shall have been paid or expended b v orders from any person

on autho- having competent authority, and employed in his Majesty's senice riling any ex- in parts beyond the seas, (such person not being himself the ac-Puahthim countan t for such payment or expenditure,) and that such sum or

tofle charged tU111* ought not to have been so paid or expended, or ought not coj with the sum, he charged against the publick, the said of shall, aftefl they shall re- proof of the actual payment or expenditure of such sum or sw\ port to the give notice of such their opinion, to the person by whose orders whefmay* or unc^er whose authority, such payment or expenditure shall hart order such been made; and if, upon nearing such allegations in the case as maj

Pon to be made by or on behalf of such person, they shall still beofopinioi

iSSSSt ^at ou8ht to be charged with such expenditure, they shall d

of the person Port ca8e to lord high treasurer, or of of making the Treasury, who, if they shall see cause, shall by warrant undertf payment, and hands, authorise the commissioners for auditing the publick allowing the counts to set such sum or sums insuper upon such person in tot^e courtdeclared account of the party who shall have actually made of exchequer payment or expenditure, in like manner as if such sum for relief. been actually paid over to such person on account:

always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to dtp such person, if he shall tlunk himself aggrieved by say

TOIMt

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 141. $4

warrant of the lord high treasurer, or of of the treasury, from applying by motion to the court of exchequer for

relief, and the said court shall thereupon make such order as they shall think fit; and if they shall see sufficient cause to

jnrant the relief prayed by or for such person, he shall be relieved

from rendering any account for such sum or sums.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for ^g^Sow the said of to allow to the credit of any accountant certair/sums my sum not exceeding one hundred pounds, on any account of although no expenditure incurred previous to the passing of this act, and any vouchers are mm not exceeding thirty pounds on any account of expenditure produced, that shall be incurred subsequent to the passing of this act, although no written voucher of the actual payirietit of such sum

shall be produced to them, in cases whereupon statements of the accountants rendered on oath, and after sufficient enquiry the said of shall be satisfied that such sums shall have been actually and properly disbursed for the pubKck service j and that all due diligence shall have been used by the accountant to procure such voucher.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenIn wjjat <* a voucher produced by any accountant for any account whether ^0irt\be delivered in or not prior to the passing of this act, shall be de- proper docu* fecthre from the want of any certificate or other document which ments, may be ought to hare accompanied such voucher, it shall be lawful for admitted, the said of, upon proof to their satisfaction that the accountant did not wilfully neglect to procure such certificate or document, and that the sum specified in the voucher shall hare

been actually and properly disbursed for the publick service, to admit such voucher as a sufficient discharge of the said accountant, and to allow the amount of the same to his credit: provided also, that in all cases where any suto shall be allowed to the credit of any accountant, either without any written voucher, or upon an imperfect voucher, the particulars and amount of such allowances shall be specified to the lord high treasurer or lords of of the treasury in the statement of the account in which such allowances may be made, in order that the same may be considered and confirmed, or disallowed by the said lord high treasurer or lords of of the treasury, previous to the declaration of any such account.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said commis- Commission-sioners shall and may, so often as they shall think fit, call upon*'empower-all accountants, smb-accountants, commissaries, store-keepers, or accountanUn other persons whomsoever, to whom or to whose order or cane tQ produce any publick money, or any stamps, provisions, or stores, the their ac-property of his Majesty, shall be or shall have been issued, de-counts* livered, or intrusted, to account to them the said of.

for the receipt, expenditure, or issue thereof, within a time to be by them limited; and on the failure of the accounts being delivered accordingly, within the time so limited, the said of shall, in every case where they shall see cause, transmit special certificate, containing the names of such defaulters,

T^by

to

Comptrollers ofmrmy-ao counts may call before them all ac-

644 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 141. [1806.

to his Majesty's remembrancer of the court of exchequer, and shall give notice thereof to his Majesty's attorney-general in England or Ireland, his Majesty's advocate in Scotland, or his Majesty's attorney-general in any of the colonies or plantains belonging to the crown of Great Britain, as the case may requite, in order that such motions, suits, bill, or process may be made, instituted, filed, or issued by the said officers against any suck defaulter, as may be necessary to compel him to deliver in his accounts as directed by the said of, unless upon application of the parties, stating some special and sufficient cause of

a, the lord high treasurer or of of the treasury, grant their warrant to stay the proceedings for such reasonable time or times as they shall think fit5 and the said of shall twice in each year, videlicet, in Hilary and Trinity terms, transmit to his Majesty's said remembrancer, a certificate containing the names of all persons whose account of monies received and expended shall have been received in the office of the said of within the preceding half-year, in order that the usual process may not issue against such persons or any of them.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the comptrollers of army-accounts, and they are hereby authorised, to require all commissaries, storekeepers, or other persons, to whom or to whose care or order any publick money, piuvi-couoUnts for sions, or stores, the property of his Majesty, shall have been delivered or intrusted on account of any military service, except pcn*for the service of his Majesty's ordnance, to account to them the said comptrollers for the receipt and expenditure, issue or other disposal thereof, within a time to be by them limited; and that the said comptrollers may also call before them all accountants, sub-accountants, commissaries* storekeepers, or other persons whom they shall see cause to examine respecting any point of military expenditure or supply, and may compel the production of all accounts, books, returns, vouchers, and other papers and documents relating to any such point, and may examine such persons upon oath relative thereto, which oath they the said comptrollers and each of them respectively are hereby authorised to administer; and in case of failure by asy person to comply with any such the lawful requisitions of the said comptrollers, every such person so refusing shall be liable to the payment of such fine to his Majesty, as the court of exchequer, on application made to the said court by the said comptrollers, or by his Majesty's attorney-general, shall thipk fit to set and impose; which fine the said court is hereby authorised and empowered to set and impose accordingly, chandne per*

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where, ttPn &e examination of the account of any commissary, store-or embezzling keeper, or other person, for the receipt, expenditure, or defijpry "'1 of any publick money, or any stamps, provisions, or stores, Jbe

property of his Majesty, the commissioners for auditing die publick accounts shall be of opinion that any articles have bees

embenfed,

publick

teres.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 141. 645

mbezzled, wasted, lost, damaged, or destroyed by the wilful misconduct or neglect of itiy such commissary, storekeeper, or ther person, they shall, after the examination of such evidence s they may think necessary to ascertain the value of such arti-les, charge the said person with such sum as in their judgement shall be the amount of the loss which shall have thereby accrued

0 the publick; and that in all cases where the comptrollers of rmy-accounts shall on any such examination be of opinion that ny such loss has accrued to die publick, they shall transmit a ertificate thereof to the commissioners for auditing the publick ccounts, to the intent that such loss may be so ascertained and barged as aforesaid, and that notice of such charge, when so scertained, shall in either case be transmitted to the King's remembrancer of the court of exchequer, and to the party to be barged therewith.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no commissary, store- No person

ceeper, or other person, to whom, or to whose care or prder the

iny provisions or stores, the property of his Majesty, shall have satisfaction of >een delivered for the purpose of any military service whatever, the comotroU tnd who shall have rendered a satisfactory account thereof to be

he comptrollers of army-accounts, shall be Jiable to render any dw^ac^" urther account thereof to the commissioners for auditing the count to the )ublick accounts. auditors.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons riving persons in the course of their examination upon oath before the false evidence: ommissioners to be appointed as hereinbefore provided, orbe guilty of heir successors, or before the comptrollers of army-accounts, pcx^ur^' ball wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, such person or persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be mbject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now tn being, persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are mbject and liable to.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That Commis-10 commissioner appointed or to be appointed by virtue of tM*5SSeas^ ict, shall, during his continuance in such office, be capable miners of )f being elected or of sitting as a member of the house of parliament.: ommons.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said commis^oministton* doners so to be appointed as aforesaid, before they shall enter 5to tb* ipon the execution of the powers vested in them by the said10

recited acts and this act, shall fake an oath before the chancellor of the exchequer, which fie is hereby authorised and required: o administer, the tenor whereof shall \>e as followeth; (that is to Bay,) 1

I A.B. do swear, that, according to the best of my skill and oath.

A knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute

the several powers and trusts vested in me by several acts passed in the twenty-fifth and forty-fifth years of his present Majesty, and by an act, intituled An act for [here insert the title of the ___

Sf/.P by

PAP

646 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 142. [1806.

CAP. CXIII.

An act for the letter regulation of the office of surveyor-gtnerd if woods and forests.  ^July 22, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act Was passed in the forty-third year f Us present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for establishing certain regulations in the office of surveyor-general of his Majesty's woods, forests, parks, and chases: and whereas it is expedient that tome further and more ffectual provisions should he mode for that purpose; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, v- IE And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of

unde^the sur-^s act> ever7 officer appointed to any office by or under the veyor-general surveyor-general of his Majesty's woods, forests, parks, and to take the chases, shall take the following oath, to be administered to him

following Ijy the said surveyor-general, or by any justice of the peace or

magistrate, if the said surveyor-general shall direct mat any sudi officer shall be sworn before any justice of the peace or, magistrate, and which oath may in any such case be administered by any justice of the peace or magistrate; (that is to say, )

oath. T A.B. do swear, that I will truly, honestly, faithfully, and

A diligently execute the duties of the office to which I have been appointed, by (or under) the surveyor-general of the woods, forests, parks, and chases; and that I will not, for the execution thereof or on any other account or pretext whatsoever, receive, take, or accept, in respect of the said office, at any tune, any perquisite of any description, or any emolument pecuniary or other, except or beyond the salary and allowances (if any) specified in the written instrument by which I have been appointed.

So help me God.

Returns and

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pass-

estimates of ing of this act, all returns and estimates of the quantity, quality, '

and and va^ue of timber-trees, coppice and underwood, and of or

timber, &c. concerning inclosures, buildings, repairs, plantations, and ether

and accounts works, to be done and executed by and under the authority

and directions of his Majesty's surveyor-general of the said

of inclosures, wods, forests, parks, and chases, and also all accounts of nn>

&c. shall be nies received and expended for or on account of the sale of ary

subscribed such timber-trees, coppice or underwood, and for or on account

and verified of a!w such inclosure buildings, repairs, plantations, or ether on the oath of, 7.t9f r J,

the officer. works, and for or on account of any matter or thing which shall be made or rendered by any officen under his Majesty* said

k. surveyor-general, or by any other person employed by or under

Recited act repealed.

Officers ap-

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. IN. c. 142. 647

bim, shall, within a convenient time after the same shall be: ompleted, be subscribed with the name, and in the handwriting, and verified by the oath of such officer or other person;

; uch oath to be administered and certified in writing, upon such report, estimate, or account, either by some justice of the peace, yt by the said surveyor-general, at the discretion of the said mrveyor-general; which oath such surveyor-general is hereby authorised and required to administer, or direct to be administered by such justice of the peace;

IV. And be it further enacted, That all such estimates, re- Returns, See.: urns, and accounts shall be transmitted by the officer or person before verift. naking or rendering the same, subscribed with the name, and be

in the hand-writing of such officer or other person, to the said transmitted to mrveyor-general, previous to such verification thereof as afore- the surveyor-said, to require the officer or other person making or rendering gcnal, w? the same to attend him, and be examined upon oath, to be administered to such officer or other person by the said surveyor- oath, general, and which oath the said surveyor-general is hereby authorised to administer, touching and concerning all or any of the particulars and items Contained in such estimates, returns, or accounts, and touching and concerning the conduct of such officer or other person in the execution of their duty in respect to the matters to which such estimates, returns, or accounts shall relate; which examination, or die substance and effect thereof, the said surveyor-general, when he shall think proper, shall cause to be reduced into writing and signed by such officer or other person: and if upon such examination it shall Unintentional appear that any unintentional error or errors shall have beenrroT* ^a7 b* committed by such officer or other person in the return, esti-^oug^^ mate, or account, concerning which such examination shall be fication. had and taken, it shall be lawful for such officer or other person to correct such error in the same previous to the verification thereof, upon oath, in manner aforesaid; in which case such correction or corrections shall be certified by the said surveyor-general in writing upon the return, estimate, or account intended to be verified upon oath as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any such officer or Perjury to be other person as aforesaid, shall in any such verification upon ^ordfn^a0" oath, or on examination as aforesaid, be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, such officer or other person so offending shall be liable to be punished in such manner as is provided Dy the different laws and statutes now in force for the punishment of wilful and corrupt penury.

VI. And whereas the privilege of sending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of postage, is not extended to the surveyor-general of his Majestifs woods, forests, parksy and chasest who by virtue of his office necessarily sends and receives many letters and packets relating to the publick service of this kingdom; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, Surveyor* the said surveyor-general of his Majesty's woods, forests, parks, general of

Wd

648 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 141. [1806.

anc* c^a8es ^or time being, shall and may send andream a^pLketT*etters an^ packets free from die duty of postage, in such* free from the ner and under such restrictions as other officers, mentwwiai duty of post- an act made in the fourth yeay of the reign of his present age, agree- Majesty, intituled An act for preventing frauds and duet4 J. jc. % 4 ration to the sending and receiving letters and packets fret frm tie 4* G. 3. c. 63. of P*ta&e i and also in another act made in the toity-stteod

# year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to authorise the sending and receiving of letters and pochette proceedings in parliament, and printed newspapers, by the post, fret from the duty of postage, by the members of the two houses sf peh liament of the United Kingdom, and by certain publick officers therm named,; and for reducing the postage of such votes, proceedings, ai newspapers when sent by any other persons; are thereby permitted, in respect of their offices, to send\ and receive the same is pursuance of the said acts \ any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas it is expedient that regulations should k established by law in the office of surveyor-general ef weds ad forests, that all monies*, bills, and drafts received on account d tkt revenue under the management of the surveyor-general of 90m ad forests should be lodged in the bank of England, and that veymts, previous to its being carried into the Exchequer, should be vnode if drafts Money re- on the Bank; be it therefore further enacted, That freon and the passing of this act, all sums of money, bills, and drafts 4000 received by such surveyor-general on account of the revenue

revenue*

under the under his management, shall, the day after the same shall have management been received, or the day after any bill shall have been accepted, if veyor-Mieral t^ie same was not accepted at the time it was received by the of woods, &c. recriver-general, be paid by him into the hands of the governor shall be paid and company of the bank of England, for which the receipt of into the bank the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company shall kU revived a 8ucient discharge; and all such monies, bills, and drafts, so to be paid to the governor and company of the bank of England\ shall be placed to an account to be raised in the books of the said governor and company, and to be intituled, Jh account of the publick monies of the surveyor-general of the mods ad forests, inserting the name of such surveyor-general for the tiise being.

But the $ur-

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That may^retainio lt an(* may iaw^u^ for such surveyor-general toresore his hands for casual and ordinary payments in his own hands, or in the 3000A for hands of any private banker, or other person on his account, a 8Um not acceding three thousand pounds, or any larger sum, which the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, shall direct; and if at any time the sum so reserved should be reduced below three thousand pounds, then it shall and may be lawful for such sump general, from time to time, to make up the same to the woof

three

ment*, &c.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 14*. 649

three thousand pounds, by drafts upon the fund so deposited in the hands of the governor and combany of the bank of England.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the payments into the Payments into Exchequer of the monies arising by the revenue under the manage- the Exchequer ment of such surveyor-general pursuant to law, shall be made manner hereto in manner following, {that is to say,) the said surveyor-general mentioned, shall make an order upon the governor and company of the bank of England to write off from his account the sum desired, and the said governor and company, or some person duly authorised in that behalf, shall upon receipt of such order write off such sum and deliver a spoiled or cancelled note for the amount to the surveyor-general or his clerk, who shall pay the same into the Exchequer j and the bank-clerks attending the re shall receive it as so much cash.

X. And be it further enacted, That the surveyor-general shall Other pav-

make all other payments required to be made, out of the ments to oe

*1_1. it__i  j 1___  made by

on the

monies to be deposited in the bank of England, by drafts on the said bank, and shall specify the particular service, salary, specify-

or other charge or expence, for the payment whereof the said ing the parti-

draft was given \ and every such draft shall also have marked in service,

die margin thereof, a figure corresponding to the pagein a book

to be kept by the said surveyor-general, wherein entry shall be

made of the particular service, salary, or other charge or expence,

for the payment of which such draft shall be given.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all drafts drawn pur- which shall suant to the directions of this act, but not otherwise, shall be be sufficient sufficient authority to the bank of England to pay the amount thereof to the persons mentioned in such drafts, or to the bearei of them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That upon the death, resig- On death or nation, or removal of the present and of every other surveyor- resignation, general of the woods and forests hereafter to be appointed, the

balance of cash for which he shall at that time have credit on general, cash his account, as surveyor-general, with the governor and com- at the Bank

nof the bank of England, shall, as soon as a successor shall to vest in the ppointed to the said office, actually vest in such successor iUCceMor in trust for the publick service* and be forthwith transferred, carried over, and placed to the account of such successor, to be applied to the said service in pursuance of the like drafts and orders as aforesaid 5 and the surveyor-general of the woods and forests for the time being, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to issue his drafts and orders as aforesaid, for all unsatisfied charges and demands on account of the publick service, although the same shall have accrued in the time of any former surveyor-general.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Surveyorpassing of this act, the surveyor-general for the time being, shall general not to keep the account with the Bank of all monies issued on his for*hem^y account for the service of the publick 5 and the said surveyor- \ntQ the rules and regulations hereby prescribed. Bank.

ninitivoH hw V \VT m

general, observing

shall

650 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 143, 144. [1806.

shall not be answerable for any money which he shall hare so paid into the bank of England: and the governor and company of the bank of England shall be answerable for all the moms which shall be actually received by them from such surveya-general as aforesaid.

Punishing

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-forgery* sons shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist m forging or counterfeiting, the name or hand-writing of the surveyor-general of the wood9 and forests for the time being, or his deputy, to any draft, instrument, or writing whatsoever, for or in ordrt* to the receiving or obtaining any of the money in the hands or custody of the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the surveyor-general of the woods and forests, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any draft, instrument, or writing in form of a draft, made by suen surveyor-general or his deputy, or the person or persons authorised as aforesaid, or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an intent to defraud any person whomsoever, ^very such person or persons so otiend* ing, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

CAP. CXLIII.

An act for enquiring into the state of Windsor Forest, in the county of Berks, and for ascertaining the boundaries of the said forest, and of the lands of the Crown within the same.

[July aa, 1806.]

CAP. CXLIVi

An act to repeal an act passed in the forty-fourth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act to alter, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled, ' An act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional force for the defence of the realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's regular forces, and for the gradual reduction of the militia of England, so far as the same relates to the city of London  [July 22, 1806.]

WHEREAS an act passed in the forty-third year tf the reign vr of h* present Majesty^ intituled An act for raising m

*the city of London a certain number of men as an addition to the

military force of Great Britain, for the better defence and security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the war: and whereas another act passed in the 44 0.3. c. 96. forty-fiurth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to alter, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act for esta- Wishing and maintaining Additional force for the

defence

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 144. 651

defence of the realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's regular forces, and for the gradual reduction of the militia of England, $0 far as the same relates to the city of London and "whereas it is expedient that the said acts should be repealed; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing Acts repealed, of this act, the said two several acts shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, save and except as to the accounting for, and raising, levying, collecting, paying, and applying certain sums of monies herein after mentioned.

II. \And whereas certain of the wards have raised men under the scad act of the forty fourth year aforesaid, and expended considerable sums therein, and others of the said wards have paid fines for not having fiund men> ltd others of the said wards have neither raised men, or levied or collect I money for raising such men, or for the payment of any fines for pny dfault therein, and it is reasonable and "proper that the expence incurred in raising the men, in such warns as aforesaid, should be borne in equal proportions by the whole of the wards of the said city; be it therefore enacted, That all How the money raised under the said acts, which shall have been paid mon^r cojf into the bank of England for and in respect of fines for men not th^recited found pursuant to the provisions of the said act, and which act8t atui not shall not have been repaid under the said act for men found applied in after fines shall have accrued, and also all sums of money which raising men, shall have been paid in respect of any such fines to the receiver-dof

fenerafl of the land-tax for the said city, which shall not have P een paid into the Bank, and also all sums of money which shall have been raised, levied, and collected in the several wards of the said city, and which shall not yet have been applied to any of the purposes of the said act, shall, within two calendar months after the passing of this act, be paid by the several and respective persons holding any such money, into the chamber of the city of London, to be applied as herein after directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Accounts to the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London, in be taken of common-council assembled, and they are hereby required, to k^tcYand* r take an account of all such money, and of the wards in which mcn raised the same shall have been collected, and also of the number of the under the men raised in the respective wards of the city, and of the said acts, di-, expence incurred in raising the same, not allowing more than J^ences*twenty pounds in such account for the expence of raising any incurred to be man so raised \ and the whole expence of raising such men shall divided thereupon be divided among the several and respective wards of the said city, in the proportions in which they are required to ^so win grates raise men under the provisions of the said recited act of the to be made, forty-fourth year aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said to defray mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London, m com- ^2>^on'e mon-council assembled, and they are hereby required, to or^er of thVwwd#

and v,

652 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 144. [ito6.

where suf- and direct that rates shall be made in the several wards far haTnotbwn^ men shall not have been raised, or in which the proper

collected for proportions of money shall not have been assessed, raised, levied, that purpose, or collected for the raising such proportion, according to such account as aforesaid, and the aldermen, deputies, and common, councilmen, in their respective wards, shall thereupon forthwith make a rate and assessment in the respective wards far such money, and raise, levy, collect, and pay the same within two calendar months, into the chamber of the said city, for the purpose of reimbursing to the wards in which money shall nave been assessed, levied, and applied in the raising of men, their proper proportion 5 and so much as shall be necessary of all monies paid into the said chamber as before directed, snail all in like manner be so applied in reimbursing such wards, and the remainder thereof shall be repaid to the deputies of the wards entitled thereto, so as that all the wards of the city shall pay their proper proportions of money according to the number of men required by the said act to be/ raised in such wards respectively; and all money so apportioned to any wards, in which money or sufficient money shall not have been assessed, levied, or collected under the said acts, shall be assessed, raised, levied, and collected under the powers and provisions of the said acts, and subject to the penalties and forfeitures theran contained, and shall be paid in and applied in manner herein directed 5 and all the powers, provisions, clauses, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things in the said recited acts, or any sets relating to the militia of the city of London % shall be and remain in force, and be applied, enforced, and put in execution for the carrying into execution the purposes aforesaid, until by such account, and making any new assessment, and returning any overplus money, and reimbursing any wards as aforesaid, all the wards of the said city shall severally and respectively have contributed in equal proportion to the expences of raising the men which shall have been provided in any of such wards; any thing in this act or any act or acts to tile contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the alderman, deputy, and common-councilmen of any ward shall, after any such rate

w^ shall have been directed as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to make

fidend^'the such rate, then and in such case, it shall be lawful for the said wards to be mayor, aldermen! and commons, in common-council assembled, to assess such ward in double the amount of the money so directed to be raised, and to assess or cause the same to be assessed and raised, levied and collected in such ward, under all or any such powers, provisions, authorities, regulations, clauses, penalties, or forfeitures aforesaid, and the surplus money ansing from such double assessments shall be paid into the chamber of the said city, for the use of the said city.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all sumsui overP^U5 moneY so to be repaid to the deputies of any wards Sminution of respectively as aforesaid, shall be carried to the account of the

In case of neglect in making rates to defray de-

assessed in double the amount.

Overplus money to be applied in

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 145. 653

watch-rate in such ward, and be applied in diminution of, and the watch-in such and the same manner as money raised for the purpose rate in the of defraying the expences of the nigntly watch in the said#everal war wards respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed Public* act. and taken to be a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. CXLV.

An act for enabling his Majesty to settle annuities on certain branches of the Royal Family.

[July 22, 1806.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament assembled, having taken into our consideration your Majesty's most gracious message, wherein your Majesty has been pleased to declare, that your Majesty having by your message of the eighth day of April one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, recommended to your faithful commons to make competent provision for the honourable support and maintenance of the younger branches of the Royal Family, and in consequence thereof an act having passed, charging certain annuities for such purpose upon the aggregate fund of Great Britain s but no provision having afterwards been made in the act, by which the several revenues composing the Baid aggregate fund were transferred to the consolidated fund of Great Britain, for securing the said annuities; by reason whereof, the provision so recommended by your Majesty, and carried into effect* by act of parliament, has failed, and become ineffectual: and your Majesty recommended to the house of commons to consider of such measures as may be necessary for securing the said annuities upon the consolidated fund; and that your Majesty cannot forbear taking the occasion to express your desire, that your faithful commons would take into consideration the propriety of such increase of the said allowances, as the change of circumstances that has since taken place shall appear to have rendered just and reasonable, and that we would make such further provision in consequence thereof, as the nature of the case should be found to require, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the lung's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the His Majesty King's most excellent majesty, by any warrant or warrants under under^" his royal sign manual, to give and grant unto each of their royal hj8^ma_ highnesses, William Henry dukeof Clarence, Edward duke of Kent, nual, grant Ernest Augustus duke of Cumberland, Augustus Frederick duke of the annuities Sussex, and Adolphus Frederick duke of Cambridge, for and during ^4 men"

his

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 145. [1806.

to be payable quarterly, out of the consolidated fund.

Annuities to be payable at the Exchequer, 6c c.

and the acquittances of the persons entitled1 thereto, or the persons appointed to receive the same, shaft be a sufficient discharge.

his Majesty's ropl will and pleasure, an annuity artt exceeding six thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain j and to her royal highness the princess Charlotte of Wales* during the He of his present Majesty, and the life of his royal highness Gtmf prince of Wales, an annuity or yearly sum, not exceeding sera, thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain and to ha royal highness the duchess dowager of Gloucester for and daring his Majesty's royal will and pleasure, an annuity not exceeding four thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain s and to his highness William duke of Gloucester, in lieu of the annuity of eight thousand pounds, heretofore made payable to him out of the aggregate fund, an annuity for and during his Majesty's royal will and pleasure, not exceeding fourteen thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; and also to her highness the princess Sophia of Gloucester, in lieu of the yearly sum of four thousand pounds, heretofore made payable to her out of the aggregate fund, an annuity for and during his Majesty's royal will and pleasure, not exceeding five thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; and also a further annuity of two thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain* to commence from the decease of her royal highness the duchess dowager of Gloucester; which said several annuities may commence and take effect from the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and six, and shall be paid quarterly, at the four usual days of payment in the year, that is to say, the tenth day of October* the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, and the fifth day of Jtdy, in every year*and that the said several annuities shall and may, by such warrant or warrants, be directed to be issuing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the fund called the coo* solicited fund of Great Britain (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such 9um and sums of money as hath or have been directed to be paid out of the same by any former act or acts of parliament, but with preference to all other payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, and payable out of the said fund.)

II. And be it further enacted, That the said several annuities shall, during his Majesty's royal will and pleasure, be paid and payable at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, out of the said fund; and the auditor of the said receipt shall, and he is hereby required by virtue of such warrant or warrants, to make forth and pass debentures, from time to time, for paying the said several annuities, as the same shall become due and payable, without vy fees or charges to be demanded or tal^en for paying the same, or any part thereof; and the acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of the person hereby entitled to receive any such annuity, or of such other person or persons as shall by any such person be duly authorised and appointed to receive any sudi annuity, or any part thereof, shall be a good and sufficient discharge for the payment thereof; and the said debentures to be made forth, and passed upon the said warrant or warrants, shall be a sufficient authority to the several and respective officers of

te

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 146.

iie receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, for the payment of any such annuity to any persons hereby entitled to receive the same, during the continuance of the same, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf; and that the said annuities so to be given and granted, shall be free and clear from all taxes, rates, and assessments, and all other charges whatsoever.

CAP. CXLVI.

An act for settling and securing a certain annuity on the Earl Nelson, and the heirs male of his body, and 4uch other persons to whom the title of Earl kelson may descend; and for granting a sum of money to purchase an estate to accompany the said title; and also for granting a sum of money to purchase an estate to accompany the said title; and also for granting a sum of money for the use of the sisters of the late Vice-Admiral Viscount Nelson, in consideration of the eminent and signal services performed by the said late Viscount Nelson to his Majesty and the publick.

[July 12, 1806.)

An annuity of 5, 000l. granted to Earl Nelson and his heirs male, payable out of the consolidated fund, to be paid quarterly. 90, 000l. to be paid out of the consolidated fund to trustees mentioned, for the use of Earl Nelson, &c. and, until payment is made, interest at 5 per centum per annum to be allowed. A further sum of 20, 000l. shall be paid to the trustees for Susannah Bolton, and Catharine Matcham, sisters of Viscount Nelson. Earl Nelson empowered to settle a portion on Lady Charlotte Nelson, his daughter, of 10, 000l. and also a jointure of 2, 000l. per annum, on the countess his wife. The name of Nelson to be taken by the family on whom the title shall descend. Earl Nelson, after the decease of the present earl, empowered to settle a jointure on his wife of 1, 500l. Power of recovery of jointure. Jointure to be in bar of dower. Jointures at no time to exceed 3, 000l. Treasury, by warrant, to direct the auditor of the Exchequer to make forth debentures for paying the 90, 000l. 20, 000l. and the annuity of 5, 000l. Treasury and Exchequer required to do every thing without fee. Acquittances of the trustees and Earl Nelson to be a sufficient discharge. Annuity not to be aliened or incumbered, except with jointures aforesaid. Trustees empowered to purchase a mansion to be called Trafalgar House, with manors, &c. after payment of the money. Trustees to lay the money out in exchequer-bills, Scc. until, the same can be invested as aforesaid. Manors, 8cc. not to be subject to dower. Earl Nelson empowered to lease the manors (except the Mansion House, See.) for 21 years, and may grant building leases for 90 years. The earl, for the time being, to be answerable in damages for waste on the manors, See. aljowing the making of bricks, or digging of quarries. Restriction as to felling of timber. Survey of timber to be made annually, to ascertain what is proper to be cut. Application of part of the money arising by the sale of timber. Further directions as to the application of such money vested in government-securities. Shares of such trust-money to go in certain cases to survivors. Until trust-funds become transferable, the dividends to be paid guardians for the maintenance of children. Trustees empowered, in default of other appointment, to dispose of shares of sons to the amount of 5, 000l. for their benefit. In case of no children, trustees to be possessed of the trust funds for the executors, &c. of the person dying in possession. Trustees, with consent of the person in possession, may change the securities. Trustees to apply the residue of the money arising by the sale of timber, in the improvement of the manors to be purchased. Trustees, with consent of the person in possession, may sell manors, &c. (except the Mansion House, &c. intended for residence,) and purchase others. Power of appointing new trustees. Three trustees empowered to act, except in certain cases. The ttus!*es, by virtue of their office, empowered to appoint persons to act

656 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 147, 148. [1806.

for them. Trustee* answerable only for such trust-monie* and ptaotm is shall actually come to their hands, and their expencea to be aBowed.

CAP. CXLVII.

An act to enable his Majesty to continue a certain annuity to George, now Lord Rodney, grandson of George Bridges Lord Rodney, in consideration of the eminent services rendered to his Majesty and the publick by the said George Bridges Lord Rodney.

[July 21, 1806.]

CAP. CXLVIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a sum of money, to be raised by lotteries.

[July ss, 1806.]

Treasury may contract with persons for one or more lotteries, not to exceed in the whole 100, 000 tickets, for such sums, and subject to such regulations as shall be stipulated. Cashier to give security for the money paid into the Bank for such lotteries. Treasury empowered to apply the money paid into the Exchequer by the cashier. Treasury to retain the money necessary towards payment of the fortunate tickets, and ooethird of the surplus shall be appointed to the services of Ireland. Treasury to remit to the exchequer of Ireland one-third of the money arising by the lotteries, which shall be repaid before June 1, 1807. 1,000, 000l. shall be

divided into prizes, in case the number of tickets shall amount to 100, 000, and paid out of the supplies granted this session. Managers and directors of the lotteries shall be appointed by the Treasury. Method of the lottery-books. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the cashiers of the Bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the books with the undisposed tickets, and amount of money received and paid in Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fastened with thread and silk, and cut off indent-wise into a box marked with the letter A, and put into another box to be locked up and sealed. Books to be prepared for the lotteries with two columns, on each of which the number of tickets is to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets to be distinguished. Tickets in the outermost columns of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter B. Notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Notice to be given of the drawing. Method to be observed in drawing. List of the tickets of each day's drawing to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the managers. Forging tickets to be felony. Offenders (not in prison) discovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50l. reward. Managers to be sworn. Cashier may receive the sums subscribed, giving a note for the same, which shall entitle the bearer to tickets to the amount of the sums so paid. Cashier at the times appointed, to deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the sum actually subscribed, and shall give receipts for the residue. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers. Treasury may reward the managers as they think fit. The sum to be paid for the payment of the fortunate tickets to be charged on any supplies granted this session, and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction within two months after the conclusion of the drawing. Managers to give notice of the time for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered. Treasury to defray the incidental expences attending the yecution of this act. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution-monies for receipts, &c. on penalty of 10l. No persons to take down the numbers of the tickets at the time of drawing, unless employed as a clerk by the managers, or licensed so to do. Persons so licensed to receive from the Stamp Office numerical books, which shall be stamped on every leaf. Commissioners to grant such licences '

only, on account of licensed lottery-offices. Five pounds' penalty on unlicensed persons taking down or publishing the number of tickets drawn^cc. "

On

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 148.

n complaint, the magistrates of London, or any justice, may grant arrant* for apprehending offenders. Persons in the actual commission f such offence may be apprehended by any person and carried before a lagistrate, who may commit the offender, if penalty be not paid. 50l.

on persons summoned as witnesses, not appearing. Convictions 3t removeable. Persons before dealing in lottery-tickets shall take out licence as herein directed. Commissioners for stamps in England, and ommissioners appointed in Ireland, shall grant licences for lottery-Sces on payment of fifty pounds. Licensed persons may sell chances of prtunate tickets. Duties granted by Geo. 3. c. 58, and 46 Geo. 3.

64, on licences for keeping lottery-offices, repealed. Licence to con-nue in force until the expiration of the drawing of the lotteries. No: ence to be granted for any lottery-office within the universities of Ox-rd and Cambridge. Licensed persons in Great Britain or Ireland shall eposit and divide in shares 30 tickets in each of the lotteries, or licence lall be void. Persons keeping an office contrary to licence, shall forfeit 3o/..Persons to whom licences are granted, to give security by bond, of of stamps shall not be required to grant a licence for eaUng in lottery-tickets, unless it shall appear that the party is able to aswer the penalty, and unless he shall have deposited 30 tickets. Exe-uttors, &c. may be authorised to carry on business for the residue of the mn of licences. Persons convicted of offences shall forfeit their licence, 'enons counterfeiting licences, or using such as are counterfeit, shall orfeit 500l. No chances of any tickets for any less time than the rhole time of drawing shall be sold, or insurance made for or against the rawing of any ticket; nor shall any person publish any proposal for uch purpose, on penalty of 50l. No tickets to be divided mto any other hares than halyes, quarters, eighths, and sixteenths, on penalty of 50l. hares and chances to be impressed with some mark prescribed by the ommissioners. Persons counterfeiting shares, guilty of felony. Com-nisaioners of stamps shall establish an office in London or Dublin for the leposit of tickets intended to be sold in shares. Receiver-general to ive a receipt for the same; which shall not be transferable. Books shall be kept by the receiver for registering such tickets, which may jbe spec ted on paying two-pence. Receiver-general shall be paid twopence for every share or chance into which the ticket deposited shall be livided. Persons selling shares or chances otherwise than on stamped paper, shall forfeit jo/. Tickets so deposited in Great Britain or Ireland or the purpose of being 6old in shares, shall continue in possession of the eceiver-general for the periods mentioned. Tickets deposited may be lelivered back on the chances being produced. Regulations for deliver-ng up tickets deposited, which have been sold in chances. Application of the fees received at the Stamp Office in Great Britain. Account shall pe kept in the Auditor's Office separate from other monies. Application f money received on account of licences to keep lottery-offices in Ire-suid. On complaint on oath of offences against this act, whereby the parties may be liable to punishment as rogues, justices may authorise persons to break open houses, &c. Persons discovered in such houses, concerned in carrying on illegal transactions, to be punished as rogues, 'enalty on persons obstructing officers. Persons employing or aiding Pthers to carry on such illegal transactions to be deemed rogues and agabonds. Manner in which actions for penalty shall be commenced. ?urther regulations to be observed in suing for penalties. Where the mount of penalties sued for is not inserted m writs, the defendant to be erved with a copy of the process. Offenders, adjudged rogues and vaga->onds, may be committed. Proceedings not removeable by certiorari. Per* ons sued may plead the general issue. Treble costs. Act a7 Geo. 3. re->ealed. Irish acts relating to lotteries contradictory to this act, repealed; ind those relating to stamp duty on licences for keeping lottery-offices,

; o extend to this act. Act may be altered or repealed this session

Vm.XT.VL

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 149. [1806.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain for the year one thousand 6&L hundred and six; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament*  [July n, 1806.]

3, 500, 000l. out of the surplus of the consolidated fund may be bmed towards the supplies for Great Britain for 1806; and also 18400400). from duties under 43 Geo. 3. c. 70. 81. and 1*2. and Geo. 3. c. 33. and 45 Geo. 3. c. 15. and 46 Geo. 3. c. 39, 4s. and 65. Monies raised by sab-act, 46 Geo. 3. c. 2. by duty on pensions, 46 Geo. 3. c. 3. not exoeedrae

1.000. 000l. and 10, 500, 0001. by exchequer-bills, 46 Geo. 3. c. 5. ad 1, 500, 000). by exchequer-bills, 46 Geo. 3. c. 16. and by loan, 46 Geo. 3. c. 33. after remitting to Ireland 2, oooo, ooool.; and 3, 000, 000!, by exchequer-bills, 46 Geo. 3. c. 41. 4, 500, 000l. out of the war-taxes for 1805; and by lotteries, 46 Geo. 3. c. 148. after payment of one-third for Ireland; and

18.000. 0001. from certain duties during the war; and 3, 500400l. out of the surplus of the consolidated fund. Monies coming into the exchequer of Ireland by 46 Geo. 3. c. 33. 46, 47, and 148, shall be carried to the consolidated fund of Ireland, and applied as after expressed. 15, 864*341/ 15 j. for naval services, viz. 2, 886, 0001. for wages of 120*000 men, mdading 25*000 marines, for 13 months; 2, 964*0001. for their victualling; 4, 680*000! for wear and tear of ships; 390*000l. for ordnance for sea-serrice; 1*045, 353l. m* "d* for ordinary of the navy for x806; 1*980^30l. for building and repairing ships of war; 1, 250, 0001. for transports; 40040CI for prisoners of war in health; 45*000l. for sick prisoners of war; 30400l. for hospitals for seamen; and 193, 158l. u. 4d. for additional pay tb officers and seamen between May 1, and December 31, 1806. 2*400*000l. for such measures as the exigency of affairs may require for Great Britain; and 6oo, ooool. for like purposes for Ireland. 18, 507, 318l. x&r. yd. for land-services, viz. 1, 191, 1051. for 134*473 effective men in Great Britain and Ireland, and on the continent, from December 25, 1805, to March 24* 1806; 505, 0371. for the forces in the plantations, dec. for ditto; 617*5841. for the militia, fencible infantry, &c. in Great Britain and Ireland, from December 25, 1805, to March 24* 1806; 795*406l. for 134*473 effective men in Great Britain and Ireland, from March 25, to May 24* 1806; 336, 6931. for forces in the plantations, for ditto 5 411, 725!^for the mBiri*, sensible infantry, &c. for ditto; 35, 315l. 2s. for supernumerary officers* for 1806; 176, 977l. 15l. 4d. for publick departments in Great Britain and Ireland, and for exchequer-fees for 1806; 486, 666l. 12l. 8d. for increased rates for quartering soldiers, lodging-money in Scotland, allowance for small beer, &c. for 1806; 184, 947l. oj. 7d. for half-pay to reduced officers of the land-forces for 1806; 5, 801l. 13l. 8d. for allowances to reduced officers for 1806: 50, 0001. for reduced officers of British-American forces for 1806; iooool. for officers late in the service of the States General for iM; 244*711/- 6l. yd. for Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals, for 1806; 3x470l. 17l. 6d. for officers, widows in Great Britain and Ireland, for 1806; 1541k x6j. id. for hospital-expences in Ireland, and "the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin, for 1806; 555*1931* for the barrack-departments in Great Britain, for x8c6; 458, 647l. 4s. for the barrack-department in Ireland, for 1806; 397*7041- for 134*473 effective men in Great Britain and Ireland, from May 25, to June 24, 1806; 168, 347l. for forces in the plantations, &c. for ditto; 205, 864b for the militia, fencible infantiy, &c. for ditto; 1*9*9*309l. 7j. 2d. for 121, 529 effective men in Great Britain amd Crefond, from June 25, to Dec. 24* 1806; 946, 518l. 15J. 3d. for forces in plantations &c. for same time; 21408l. for parties in Great Britain recruiting for regiments in India, for 1806; 225404l. i6j. iid. for recruiting and coc-tingencies of land-forces, for 1806; 234, 104l. 17l. nd. for general, osff, and hospital-officers in Great Britain and Ireland, for 1806; 1435*161l. or 5d. for militia and sensible infantry in Great Britain and Ireland, from June 25, to Dec. 24, 1806; 5*153/* 17* for contingencies, for ditto, for 1806; 157*137l. 16l. 4d. for clothing of the militia of Great Britan, for

CAP. CXLIX.

1 lad;

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 149.

tSo6 5 1, 738, 8c61. 3l. id. for volunteer corpB in Great Britain and Ireland, For 1806; 985, 909l. 1 j. io</. for foreign corps in the service of Great Britain ind Ireland, for 1806; 15, 0001. for allowances to chaplains of the forces, for806; 161, 700l. 9l. x id. for augmentation of pay to certain classes of >fficers and privates of the forces from June 15, to Dec. 24, 1806;

5 o, ooool. for augmentation to the out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, from June 25, to Dec. 24, 1806; 3, 723l. 8j. 6d. for augmentation to the pensions of officers' widows, for the same period; 272, 386l. 15j. lod. for extraordinary expfences of the army, for 1805 5 3, 000, 000l. for the extraordinaries of the army in Great Britain, for 1806; and 6oo, oooo1. for Ireland. 79, 432l. 13J. 2d. for ordnance for land-service in Great Britain, for 1804; 354, 322l. 18s. led. for ditto, for 1805; 2, 957, 181l. 6l. 6d. for ditto, for 1806; 130, 0001. for ordnance for sea-service, for Great Britain, for 1806; 129, 230l. 15J. $d. for sums advanced by Irish Exchequer, for ordnance-services there, for i8p5; and 677, ^76l. i8j. $d. for ordnance in Ireland, for 1806; 8, oooo, ooool. for discharging exchequer-bills made out under 45 Geo. 3. c. xx8. 2, 500, 0001. for discharging exchequer-bills made out under 45 Geo. 3. c. 119. 1, 500, 0001. for discharging exchequer-bills made out under 45 Geo. 3. c. 120. 3, 001,000l. for discharging exchequer-bills made out under 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 28. 4, 500, 0001. for discharging certain exchequer-bills issued for the service of 1805. 49, 465l. i$j. 8d. issued pursuant to addresses of the House of Commons. 4, 715/* ru. id. 39. issued pursuant to addresses of the House of Commons. 3, 2501. Irish currehcy issued pursuant to addresses of the House of Commons. 8, 2501. for the civil establishment of Upper Canada, for 1806. 7, 1651. for ditto of Nova Scotia, for 1806. 4, 650l. for ditto of New Brunswick, for 1806., xool. for ditto of Saint John in America, for 1806. 2040l. for ditto of Cape Breton, for 1806. 2, 565b for ditto of Newfoundland, for 1806. 4>4ool. for ditto of the Bahama Islands, for 1806. 1, 030b for ditto of the Bermudas, for 1806. 600l. for ditto of Dominica, for i8c6. 12, 819/, 9J* 4d. 2q. for ditto of New South Wales, for 1806. 18, 000b for the civil

establishment at Sierra Leone, for 1806. 18, 000b for forts, 8cc. in Africa. 693, 076l. 15J. Qd. for paying off 5b per centum annuities under two acts of 37 and 42 Geo. 3. 2, 381l. 17l. 6a. to discharge the annuity granted to the late Duke of Gloucester. 51, 250l. 141* for navigation between Inverness and Fort William. 10, 250l. for roads and bridges in Scotland, for 1806. 1, 934l. 4j. ^d. for the usher of the court of exchequer, fot 1806. 48, 329b for convict's at home, for 1806. 10, 000b for reprinting journals, &c. of the House of Commons, for 1806. 4, 000b for printing the 58th volume of the journals of the House of Commons. 29, 300b for printing and stationary for the two Houses of Parliament. 20, 000b for printing votes, bills, reports, and other papers of the House of Commons, during the present session. 143, 849l. 17J. for the French, Toulone^e, and Corsican emigrants, and American loyalists, for 1806. 12, 000b for thepub-lick office in Bow Street. 5, 2x0b for salaries and allowances to officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons, for 1806. 3, 400b for the British Museum, x, oooo, ooool. for discharging the interest of exchequer-bills. 30^5001. for bills drawn from New South Wales, for 1806. 1, 420b for superintendance of aliens, for 1806. 20, 161 /. 7J. id. for the Royal

Military College, for 1806. 28, 323l. i8j. 6d. for ditto in the barrack-department, to Dec. 24, 1805. 23, 350l. ioj. 10d. for the Royal Military

Asylum at' Chelsea, for x806. 8, 565l. x8j. 3d. for additional allowances to clerks in the auditor's office, to Jan. 5.1806. 2, 698l. 13J. to lord Walsingham, as chairman of the committees of the House of Lords, for 1805. 534l. 14J. to T. Brodie, esquire, for making an index to the 3ad volume of the Lords' Journal. 278l. 6l. 6d. to Dr. Clarke, for his attendance relating to the act for the residence of the clergy. 974l. 8l. to the Thames Police-Office, for a plan for the security of shipping in the port of London. 2x9l.14J. to J. Clements, esquire, for rent of a house due at Midsummer, 1805.'343i9'* &/. for a house in Downing Street, for an office for the secretary of state. 457l. u. 6d. for attendance on the committee relating to Sir Home Popham. 7, 062l. isj. 6d. to J. Vernon, esquire, for the purchase of premises for the New Mint. 4, 346l. 12*. 6d.

u u 2.to

Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 149, [1806.

to Sir R. Ford, for a plan for a horse-patrol round the metropolis. 1, 059l. oj. for British subjects detained in France. 1, 949/' ar. 6l. for accommodation of the additional of of publick accounts* 25, 000l. towards building the New Mint. 1, 515l. 9s. to E. Stracey, esquisc, as counsel to the chairman of the House of Lords, for 1804, and % 1, 59a/. tar. id.'to pay bills on account of New South Wales, fbt 180L 443l. 1 os* 5d. for deficiency of expence of the publick office ih Bow-Street, in 1805. 5, ooool. to J. White, esquire, for charges of law-suits. 301b 1 or \d. for establishing a settlement in New Holland, toyooool. for erecting buildings at Bethlem Hospital. 10, ooool. to Earl Nelson. 90^00l. to be employed in the purchase of a house and estate to accompany the title of Earl Nelson. ao/x>oh for the U6e of the two sisters of Viscomt Nelson. 14, 698l. us. 6d. for the funeral of Viscount Nelson* 6, 045l. is. 6d. for the funeral of Mr. Pitt. 175, 0001. for secret services, for 1806.

10, 000l. for building a New Mint, for 1806. 1, 270l. 17a. 9d. for deficiency of grant for prosecutions relating to coin in 1804, and 1805. 2, 500l. for

extraordinary expences of prosecutions relating to coin in 1806. for contingencies of the three secretaries of state, for 1806. 9, 000l. for extra charge for messengers to the three secretaries of state, for 1806. 1, 828l. 5J. 4d. for ministers of the Vaudois churches, for 1806. 11, 609! to sheriffs for conviction of felons, for 1806. 20, 0001. for law-charges, for 1806. 10, 336l. 3J. for Protestant dissenting ministers, and French refugees, for 1806. 3, 0001. for the Board of Agriculture, for 1806. 300*000l. for the officers and seamen who served in the battle of Trafalgar. 25, 000l. at a compensation to Messrs. Chalmers and Cowiq, for loss sustained by cargoes of Swedish herrings. 54, 184l. 14J. for buildings in Palace-yard, Westminster. 12, 600b for works done at the two Houses of Parliament, and at the house of the Speaker of the House of Commons, between April 5, 1805, and March xi, 1806. 71500l. to the trustees of the British Museum. 3, 000b for fees on passing publick accounts. 278l. 6s. 6d. to Dr. Clarke, for his trouble relating to the act for enforcing the residence of clergy. 5, 243l. 3s. for salaries to the additional of for publick accounts and their officers, to April 5, 1806. 2, 718l. 14s.qd. for

additional allowances to clerks in the office for publick accounts to April 5, 1806. 5000l. to H. C. Litchfield, fcsquire, for prosecution and defence of law suits. 10, 000l. for carrying on the building of the New Mint. 3(14l. 16l. to the Thames Police-Office. 40l. 17J. to treasures remembrancer for preserving the reeprds. 434l. 17J. for publishing the weekly returns of the average price of sugar. 4, 000b for carrying on the impeachment against Viscount Melville. 1,000, 0001, to the East India Company for the publick service. 55, 507l. i8j. 8d. for compensation for lands taken at Warley Common and Woolwich, for the ordnance. 286, 179l. i8j. for paying off 5 per cent, annuities under two acts of 37 and 42 Geo. 3. 3, 167l. 5l. 6d. for the establishment of a horse-patrol on the publick roads, to July 5, 1806. 3, 596l. 5*. 10d. for printing, by order of the commissioners of publick records. 393l. is. od. 2q. for printing under the act for procuring returns of the poor. 15, 000b to the Royal College of Surgeons, for a building for the reception of Mr. Hunter's collection. 26, 500l. to the of of naval enquiry. 10, 500l. for allowance to the of of military enquiry. 1, 500b to the Veterinary College, for 1806. 2, 380'. is. 5 J. 2q. for deficiency of grant for printing and stationary for the Houses of Parliament, for 1805. 4, 994l. is. 8d. for the military roads in Scotland, for 1806. 1, 707, 589l. 10s. $d. iq. for deficiency of grants for Great Britain in 1805. 340b Irish currency, to S. More, esq. for preparing publick accounts of Ireland to be laid befoce parliament. 240L Irish, to I. Smart, esq. for ditto. 200b Irish, to Paul Le Baa, esq. for keeping corn-bounties7 accounts. 250b Irish, to R. Marshall, esq. for preparing accounts of imports and exports of Ireland for parliament. 200b Irish, to R. Wetherall, esq. for preparing accounts for parliament. 200l. Irish, to G. Hatton, eaq. for ditto. 1501. Irish, to S. Hood, esq. for ditto. 200b Irish, to T. Haffield, esq. for ditto. 25, 000b Irish, for civil buildings in Ireland, for 1806. 1, 200b Irish, for printing and binding acts of 46 Geo. 3. 10, 500b Irish, for proclamations and advertisements

for

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 150.

or 1806. >1, 8801. Irish, for printing, stationary, See. for the chief and inder secretaries' offices, See. in Iceland. 25, 0001. Irish, for criminal prosecutions and other law-expences in Ireland, for 1806. 2, 5001. Irish, for ipprehending publick offenders in Ireland. 254l. 18s. 10d. 29*'Irish, for: ompleting the sum for support of the nonconforming ministers of reland, for 1805. 9, 410l. 18l. Irish, for support of ditto, for 2806. [, 047/* ioj. 2d. Irish, lor expence of pratique in the port of Dublin, or 1806. 610l. 6s. nd. aq. Irish, for expenditure of gold-mine, in the: ounty of Wicklow, for t806. 740l. Irish, for battle-axe guards. a, ooool. rish, for incidents of the Treasury of Ireland, for 1806. 21, 600). Irish, o the-trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures, via. a, ooool. rish, for raising hemp and flax; a, ooool. Irish, for the hempen and iaxen ^manufactures in Leinster, Sec. 7, 2501. Irish, for the growth of lax. 10, 350! Irish, for promoting the said manufactures. 5, 0001. Irish, or building and rebuilding churches. 4, 5001. Irish, for building a hall or the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland. 10, 000l. Irish, to the )ubliq Society for promoting husbandry. 3, ooool. Irish, for the Fanning society of Ireland. zo, ooool. Irish, for paving, See. the streets of Dublin., 500b Irish, to the commissioners for widening streets in Dublin., 7001. Irish, for rebuilding Saint Andrew's Church, in Dublin.' .1, 6*1l. 6s. id. Irish, for promoting the English Protestant schools in Ire-Mid. 2^, 5ool. Irish, for the Foundling Hospital in Dublin. 1, 588/ 15l. rish, for the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin. / 8, 210l. 10s. lod. Irish, or the Hibernian School for Soldiers' Children. 1, 081l. is. id. Irish, for he Female Oiphan House, nehr Dublin. 1, 391l. is. 6d. Irish, to the Association for discountenancing Vice, Acc. 8, 9881. Irish, for supporting the ^>ck Hospital, in Dublin. 22, 862l. lys.iod. Irish, for the House of In-lustry and Penitentiary, in Dublin. 1, 030l. i8j. 6d. Irish, for maintaining lo patients in the House of Recovery, &c. 2, 287l. Irish, for the uymg4n-Hospital, in Dublin. 400L Irish, for the Office of Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests. 8, 000l. Irish, for the itoman Catholic Seminary, in Ireland. 4, 743/* od. iq. Irish, for Madam

iteevens's Hospital. Supplies net to be applied to any other than the mrposes authorised by this act. Rules to be observed in the application )f the sum appropriated for half-pay. Officers employed on the staff or n garrisons may receive their half-pay, of taking the oath mentioned. By \$ Geo. 3. c. 129. a certain sum was appropriated to be paid to reduced jfficers, the overplus of which may be disposed of as his Majesty shall udge proper.

CAP. CL.

An act for the better regulation of the office of receiver-general of the duties of customs in Great Britain.

[July 26, 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that regulations should be established by law in the office of the receiver-general of the customs in England, for depositing in the banlt of England all the monies, bills % irafts, and notes received by such receiver-general, on account of the revenue under the management of the commissioners of customs, except is herein after mentioned, until the same shall be paid into the Exchequer; be it therefore enacted, by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual md temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assem-)led, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the ninth day cif August one thousand eight hundred and six, all monies, tills, notes, and drafts, received by or coming to the bands of the receiver-general of the customs in England, on account of the revenue of customs in Great Britain, shall be paid by him into the hands of the governor and cfti^pasty of the

bank

66z Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 150. [1806.

bank of England; (that is to say,) such monies and notes, and such of the bills and drafts as shall be already accepted, or shall not require acceptance, (having been first duly indorsed,) shall he paid as aforesaid on the day on which the same shall have beta received; and such of the bills and drafts as shall require acceptance, and not be already accepted when received, (the same having been first duly indorsed where necessary,) within three days after the same snail have been accepted; for winch monies bills, notes, and drafts, the entry in the book herein after mentioned shall be a sufficient discharge; and all such monies, bills, notes, and drafts, so to be paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, shall be placed to an account to be raised in the books of the said governor and company, and to be intituled, 1 The account of the publick monies of the receiver-general of customs, ' inserting the name of such jreceiver-general for the time being.

Money for

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it mentsmi^e8^la^ be law^ul for such receiver-general to retain and keep in retained.*his own hands, for the payment of casual, and ordinary, and daily demands, out of the monies so. received by him as such recerrer-general, a sum not exceeding one thousand pounds at the dose of each day, unless any further sum shall be directed to be retained by the said of, not exceeding four thousand pounds over and above the said one thousand pounds, unless with the permission, in writing; of any three or more of the lords of of his Majesty's treasury.

III. And be it further enacted, That the governor and company of the bank of England^ or some person duly authorised in that behalf, shall daily, upon receiving any money, bills, notes, or

curtomsfOT l*raft8 from such receiver-general of me customs, make an entry of the money, bills, notes, and drafts $0 received, in a book to be provided by the governor and company of the bank of England, which book shall be forthwith re-delivered to the persons making the payments for the customs, and inspected daily after its return oy the supervisor of the receiver-general's receipts and payments, or his clerk, such clerk being first duly authorised by him, for whose conduct he shall be answerable, who shall compare the same with the account of monies, bills, notes, and drafts received by the said receiver-general, for the purpose of ascertaining s that the receiver-general constantly pays into the Bank, all the money, bills, notes, and drafts, which he ought to do under the provisions of this act; and any default which sack supervisor, or his clerk duly authorised as aforesaid, may discover in that behalf, shall be immediately reported to the said of of the customs, who shall report the same, unless the same shall appear to them to haye happened by mistake or inadvertence, to the lords of of his Majesty's treasury.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the monies placed to the account of the receiver-general as aforesaid in the bank of

Bank to keep an account, to be re turned t< customs for inspection.

Money carried to the

be*wrotejj England shall be paid into the Exchequer from time to time as

at the

*>7

663

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 150.

by law is directed, in manner following; (that is to say,) the receiver-general, or his clerk, duly aumorised by him for that purpose, for whose conduct therein he shall be answerable, shall make an order weekly upon the governor and company of the bank of England, which order shall be countersigned by the supervisor of the receiver-general's receipts and payments, to write off from his account the sum specified; and the said governor and company, or some person duly authorised on their behalf, shall thereupon write off such sum, and deliver a note, drawn and cancelled in such manner as shall be approved by the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, for the amount, to the receiver-general or his clerk, who shall pay the same into the Exchequer, and the bank-clerks attending the re shall receive it as so much cash; and it shall not be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England to pay or transfer any part of the money so paid in and placed to the account of such receiver-general, from such account, otherwise than into the Exchequer, m manner aforesaid, and except in the manner herein after directed, or to deliver any note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, save and except to the solicitor of the customs or his clerk, upon hik application for the same, together with the receiver-general or his clerk, and the supervisor or his clerk, for the sole purpose of taking out an extent for the security of the money for which such bill of exchange or draft shall have been given, or to the said receiver-general or his clerk, any bills, notes, or drafts, ifrhich may be protested for non-payment, except as herein after is mentioned, in which case the of of customs shall be immediately acquainted therewith, if sitting, by such solicitor, Teceiver-general, or supervisor, or if not sitting, at the time of their assembling; and such delivery shall be entered by the Bank in the book to be kept as is herein directed.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Certain sums herein contained shall extend to require certain monies received no* j* by such receiver-general, of the description herein after men- 0 C tioned, to be paid into the bank of England; (that is to say, )

money arising by deductions on account of the civil list-tax, and one shilling*tax on salaries, or on account of the superannuation-fund, or money received for the repair of Dover Harbour, or t

monies received for fees arising from vacant patent-offices; but such monies shall continue to be received, accounted for, and applied, as they were before the passing of this act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in order that the several Salaries and payments directed by order of the commissioners of the customs other inciden-m England, to be made by the said receiver-general to mer- p^under chants, or any other persons on account of drawbacks or boun- direction of ties or on any other account whatever, may be made without tlje commis-delay, and for the payment of which the money then in theoner of hands of the said receiver-general shall be insufficient, it shall be draft Tounter-lawful for the said receiver-general, or one of his clerks, to be signed by deputed and authorised by him for that purpose, and for whose supervisor, conduct therein he shall be answerable, to draw out of the bank

of England, as occasion may require, such sum or sums of money

as

lance to vest in hia successor.

664 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 150. [1806.

as may be sufficient to answer the purpose aforesaid; aid that every draft or order on the Bank for money for any of the said purposes, shall be countersigned by the supervisor of the recesiw-generars receipts and payments, pr one of his clerks, to be deputed and authorised by nim for that purpose, for whose conduct therein he shall be answerable, and that the said receiver-general shall from time to time account for the monies so to be draws by him or his clerk out of the Bank.

VII. Andy in order that separate accounts may he kept at the Ea-chequer, of the monies paid in on various branches of the customs pm-Officers of the suant to tawy be it further enacted, That the said receiver-general be furnished0 customs shall, on every Monday morning, furnish the

with appro- Proper officers of the Exchequer with an appropriation-paper, priation stating the heads under which the receipt of the preceding week paper. is to be applied.

On the death

VIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the death, resig-or removal of nation, or removal of the present, and of every other recenrer-ral t^C bgeDe" enera* customs hereafter to be appointed, the balance of

e a- cash for which he shall at that time have credit on his account as such receiver-general with the governor and company of the bank of England, shall, as soon as 2 successor shall be appointed to the said office, actually vest in such successor, and until such successor shall be appointed, in such person or persons as shall for the time being be duly authorised to execute the duties of the said office, in trust for the service of the publick, and be forthwith transferred, carried over, and placed to the account of such successor, or other person or persons as aforesaid, to be applied to the said service, in pursuance of the like drafts and orders u aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the ninth day of August one thousand eight hundred and six, the receiver-

keep account, general of the customs for the time being shall keep the account with the Bank of all monies issued by, and paid to the Bank on his account, for the service of the pumick, and the said receiver-general, observing the rules and regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any money, bills, notes, and drafts, which he shall have so paid, or caused to be paid, into the bank of England; and the governor and company of the bank of England shall be answerable for all the monies, bills, notes, and drafts, which shall be actually received by them, from and on account of such receiver-general as aforesaid, except such bills as may have been returned in manner aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting, the name or handwriting of the receiver-general of the customs for the time being, or of the supervisor of the receiver-general's receipts and payments, or the person or persons duly authorised as aforesaid, to any draft* instrument, or writing whatsoever for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the money in the hands or custody of the governor and company of the bank of England, on

Receiver-general to

Punishing

forgery.

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 151.

account of the receiver-general of the customs, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited* or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, -any draft, instrument, or writing in form of a draft made by such receiver-general* or the person or persons authorised as aforesaid, or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an intention to defraud any persop whomsoever, every such person or persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall suffer"death* as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy,

CAP. CLI.

An act to enable his Majesty to grant new leases on former rents for the benefit of charitable institutions? or augmentation of ecclesiastical corporations  [July 23, 1806.] 1

WHEREAS an act passed in the thirty fourth year of his present Majesty? intituled An act for the better management of 34 O. 3. c. 75. the hurd^revenue of the Crown, and for the sale of fee-farm and other' unimproveable rents: and whereas by the said act his Majesty is restrained from granting\any lease of Any manors? messuages^landi? tenements^ rents? tythes? woods, or other hereditaments belonging to Jits Majesty? within the ordering and survey of the exchequer in England, except under the terms and conditions and restrictions? and in the manner therein particularly directed: and whereas it is expedient that his Majesty should be empowered to grant any suck leases as have heretofore been customary, or to reserve in any grant cfany such leases any rents for the ben fit of any charitable institutions? or for the augmentation of any ecclesiastical benefices; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, his Majesty in all cases in which any rent hath been heretofore ^has'^eiT reserved for the benefit of any charitable institution, or for the heretofore " augmentation of any ecclesiastical benefice or corporation, in reserved for the grant of any leases of manors, messuages, lands, tene- the benefit of ments, rents, tythes, woods, or other hereditaments belonging h^j^on^or to his Majesty, within the ordering and survey of the Exchequer, augment*- to Continue to reserve any such rent upon such grants or leases tion of respectively, for the benefit of any charitable institution, or fox ecclesiastical

the augmentation of any ecclesiastical benefice of corporation as henefice, may.? 1 > 11.r continue to

heretofore, and also in all cases in which any manors, mes- re8erve SUCH

suages, lands, tenements, rents, tythes, woods, and other here- rent on grant-ditaments belonging to his Majesty, within the ordering andng new survey aforesaid, have heretofore been granted for the benefit of leases> &c* any ecclesiastical benefice or corporation, or charitable institution* for the purpose of augmenting, the revenues of such ecclesiastical benefice or corporation, or charitable institution, to continue to grant new lea3cs of such manors, messuages, lands,

666 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 152. [1806.

tenements, rents, tythes* woods, and other hereditannts as aforesaid, from time to time, under the like reservations of vest as hare heretofore been reserved; anything in the said recital act of the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty, or in any other act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CLII.

An act to stay, until forty days after the commencement of the oast session of parliament, proceedings in actions, prosecutions, or m-formations, under an act made in the second year of King James the First, intituled An act concerning tanners, curriers, shoemakers, and other artificers, occupying the cutting of leather, so far as relates to the buying ef oak-bark, and rough hides, end calve-skins in the hair.

[July 23, 1806.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the second year of the reign of his majesty King James the First, intituled An act concerning tanners, curriers, shoemakers, and other artificers occt-pying the cutting of leather, it is amongst other things enacted, that no person or persons shall regrate, ingross, or get into his or their hands, by buying, contracting, or promise taking, any oaken bark before it be stripped or after, to the intent to sell the same again, open pain of forfeiture of all such barks so by him or them regrated, engrossed, or bought, contrary to the true meaning of this present branch, or the full value thereof: and whereas, notwithstanding the said act, it has been usual and customary for many persons to buy and contract for large quantities of oaken-bark for the purpose of selling the same again, and supplying tanners and others in distant counties therewith, by which such persons have inadvertently incurred heavy penalties under the said act, for the recovery whereof actions, bills, plaints, or informations, have been and may be commenced against them: and whereas it is expedient to prevent the proceeding in any such action, bill, plaint, or information, for the present: and whereas it was by the said act enacted, that no person shall bargain, buy, make any contract for, or bespeak any rough hide, or calves kin in the hair, but only such persons as by virtue of the sold act might lawfully use the craft or mystery of tanning of leather, and shall tan the same, or such persons which shall taw the same, (except salt Mies for tkt necessary use of ships,) upon pain to forfeit and base all such Mdes and skins, or the just value thereof: and whereas it is expedient to prevent proceedings in any action, prosecution, or information for the said rife nee: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assem-Ptoceeding* hied, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the in actions passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the defendant, for penalties m any action, prosecution, or information in any court, or rect^act. before any justice of the peace or magistrate, already corn-may, within menced or laid, or which shall hereafter be commenced, pro-40 days aecuted, or laid, for any penalty under the said act, within

forty

1806.] Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 153. 667

forty days after the commencement of the next session of par- aft" com-liament, to apply to the court in which such action shall be brought during the sitting of such courti or to any judge of such on>be court during vacation, or tb the justice or justices of the peace, stayed, &c. or magistrate or magistrates, before any such prosecution shall have been commenced or information laid, or shall be then depending, for stay of proceedings in such action, prosecution, or information j and such court and such judge, justice or justices, magistrate or magistrates respectively, are hereby required to stay such proceedings accordingly until the said forty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament.

CAP. CLIII.

An act for the preservation if the publick harbours of the United Kingdom.

[July 23, 1806.]

WHEREAS the preservation of the publick harbours of the United Kingdom is of great importance to the commerce and security thereof i be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in thii present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the No pwer, &c. passing of this act, it shall not be lawful for any person or persons ed near toanv to make, construct, or erect any pier, quay, wharf, jetty, breast, publick har-or embankment, in or adjoining to any publick harbour in the boiir without United Kingdom, or any river immediately communicating girineone therewith, so far as the tide flows up the same, without giving at least one month's previous notice of his, her, or their intention Admiralty, so to do, to the secretary of the admiralty, who is to lay the same on penalty of before the lord high-admiral or lords of of the ad- co/* miralty for the time being; the receipt of which notice the 'fcaid secretary is hereby required duly to acknowledge, upon pain that every person or persons offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, cr information, in which no essoign, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act to af-

or any thing herein contained shall not extend, or be construed to extend to prejudice or derogate from the estates, rights, liber- city of Lon-ties, interests, privileges, franchises, or authority of the mayor don. and commonalty, and citizens of the city of London, or their successors, or the lord mayor of the said city for the time being, or any of their deputies or ministers in the port of London, or to prohibit, defeat, alter, or diminish any power, authority, or jurisdiction which at the time of making this act the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, or the lord mayor of the said city for the time being, as conservator of the river of Thames, and waters of Medway, did, or might lawfully claim, use, or exercise; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

668 Anno regni quadragesimo sexto Geo. III. c. 154  158. [1806.

CAP. CLIV.

An act for taking down the present building in which the treawrj-chambers and offices of the court of exchequer in Scotland were siin* ated, and erecting new buildings in lieu thereof.

[July 23* 1806.]

CAP. CLV.

An act for applying certain balances arising from the forfeited estates in Scotland, towards making canals, harbours, and other publick works there.

[July S3, 1806.]

CAP. CLVI.

An act for appropriating certain balances arising from the forfeited estates in Scotland to the use of the British fisheries, and the erecting a lunatic asylum at Edinburgh, and the payment of the officers of the late Board of annexed estates in Scotland.

[July 13, 1806.]

CAP. CLVII.

An act for more effectually carrying into execution the purpoms of In act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his present Ma> to give further time for the payment, on the conditions thorn mentioned, of instalments on certain loans advanced to the house of Alexander Houston and company, to Charles Ash well, esquire, and to William Johnstone, esquire, being persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as relates to the real and personal estates of William Mac Dowall, James Mac Dowall, and Robert Houston Rae, in the West Indies and elsewhere, except in Scotland.

[July 13, 1806.]

CAP. CLVIII.

An act for more effectually carrying into execution the purposes of an act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his present Majesty, to give further time for the payment, on the conditions therein mentioned, of instalments on certain loans advanced to the house of Alexander Houston and company, to Charles Ash well, esquire, and to William Johnstone, esquire, being persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as relates to the real and personal estates of William Mac Dowall, James Mac Dowall, and Robert Houston Rae, esquires, in Scotland.

[July 13, 1806.]

I 669 )

LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

Anno Quadragesimo Sexto Geo. III. Regis.

Cap. 32.

An act for more effectually preventing frauds and abuses in the admeasurement and delivery of coals within the several parishes lying between the parishes of Egham and Rotherhithe, both inelusive, in the county of Surrey  [May 23, 1806.]

Act6 Geo. 3. c. 14. repealed. Principal meters, Joseph Burnett and Francis Bigg. One principal iind-coal-meter's office near Blackfryar's Bridge for the parishes of Egham, Thorpe, Chertsey, Weybridge, Walton-on-Thames, West Moulsey, Thames-Ditton, Kingston, Richmond, Mortlake, Barnet, Croydon, Mitcham, Putney, Wandsworth, Battersea, Lambeth, Christchurch, Newington, Saint George's in the borough of Southwark, Saint Saviour's, Saint Olave, Saint Tfhomas, Saint John, Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, and Saint Manr Rotherhithe, all in the county of Surrey; and eighteen subordinate offices. Subject to the controii] of the quarter-session. Justices to administer oaths.'In case of the death of either of the principal coal-meters, the office to be managed by the survivor of them. Principal meters to be sworn. Labouring meters to be appointed, and deputies. . % o penalty on principal meters not appointing; and on labouring meters neglecting to attend, 5l. penalty. Deputy-meters to be sworn. Labouring meter's oath. Meters not to be interested in the sale of coals. Twenty shillings penalty on deputies neglecting to send labouring meter, and on labounng meter not attending bn /notice. Stations of labouring coal-meters to be varied. Coals to be measured 1h the presence of a labouring meter. Four-pence a chaldron to be paid to coal-meters. Tickets to be delivered to the seller or carman by principal coal-meters. Tickets to be delivered by labouring coal-meter to carman or lighterman, and by them to the consumer. Ten shillings penalty on labouring coal-meter refusing to deliver ticket to the carman, 8cc. Ten pounds penalty on vender for sending coals unmeasured, or without a ticket. Fifty pounds penalty on wharfingers bribing meters. Forty shillings penalty on delivering false tickets, and if penalty not paid in a month, to recover from the principals. Five

founds penalty on meters suffering coals to pass without being measured.

[Publick act.]

orty shfllingt penalty 6n carmen permitting coals to be taken out of his cart, &c. Coals may be re-measured Penalties on venders, meters, See. if coals found to be short measure. Carmen", &c. to be paid aj. 6d. per hour when stopped to re-measure coals. Penalties and forfeitures how to bg recovered and applied. Appeal to the quarter-sessions. No certiorari. Limitation or actions, rull costa. Reserving the rights of the city of London, within Southwark. This act not to alter or repeal the London coal-acts of 43 and Geo. 3.

Cap. 57.

An act for inclosing lands in the manor of Lambeth, in the county of Surrey.

[May 23, 1806.]

Whereas there are within the manor of Lambeth, in the county of Surrey, certain common lands, containing together two hundred acres and

Local and Personal Acts, [1806.

upwards: and whereas the most reverend Father in God Chides, by Divine Providence lord archbishop of Canterbury, in right of his azriiie-piscopal see, is lord of the said manor of Lambeth, and as such claims to be entitled to the soH of the said common lands; and the said lord archbishop, and the right honourable Edward lord Thuiiow, William Cole, esquire, and divers other persons, are the owners of lands or tenements, parcel or held of the said manor of Lambeth, in respect of which they claim to be entitled to rights of common of pasture, in, over, or upon the said common lands: and whereas the said lord archbishop of Canterbury, in right of his archiepiscopal see, is seised of and entitled to divers woods and wood-grounds lying within the said manor of Lambeth, containing two hundred acres and upwards, and of and to the grand and soil thereof, and all timber and other trees, wood and underwood growing the rein, subject to certain claims of rights herein after mentioned: and whereas the said Edwaxd lord Thurlow, William Cole, and divers other persons, as owners of certain tenements held of the aid manor of Lambeth, claim to be entitled to rights of common of pasture, in, over, or upon certain of the said woods or wood-grounds, (except during such seasons as the lord of the said manor is by ancient usage entitled to hold the same inclosed and fenced for protecting the growth of wood thereon,) and also claim a right of taking bushes, furzes, broom, and certain species of wood therefrom for firewood: and whereas the said common lands and wood-grounds are, in their present state, incapable of any considerable improvement, and the same if divided and inclosed might be greatly improved; but such division and inclosure cannot be effected without the authority of parliament. William Frere, barrister at law, Abraham Purshouse Driver, and John Middleton, land-surveyors, to be of New of may be appointed. Commissioners' clerk. Commissioners to be allowed three guineas each per day. Notice of meetings. Commissioners to settle differences. Power to assess costs. Parties may try their rights by an issue at law. Determination of of to be final. Power to turn foot-ways. New roads to be made and repaired at the expence of the proprietors. Roads dividing parishes to be made up in the whole thirty feet broad. Commissioners to make drains. Roads not to be depastured. No buildings to be erected on certain parts jof the lands to be inclosed. Authorising of to leave open any part of the lands to be affected by the act, not exceeding three acres. Composition for tythes of the common lands for the first seven years. One-sixteenth ta be allotted to the lord of the manor, for the soil of the common lands. Ailot, ment of the residue to persons interested. Commissioners may make compensation for small allotments in money. Allotments for rights on the wood-grounds. After such allotments the rights to be extinguished. The archbishop may after the award made, enter upon allotments of the wood-land, and cut down trees, &c. Commissioners may extinguish or suspend rights of common, &c. Allotments to be of the same tenure with the lands in respect of which they are made. Power to the archbishop of Canterbury to lease; upon the usual terms of church-estates. Empowering the archbishop of Canterbury, with the consent of the - bishop of Winchester and rector, to appropriate lands for chapels and burial-ground. Power to grant leases for twenty-one years. Encroachments within twenty years to be deemed part of the waste. Encroachments to be allotted in certain ca*es to the.owners of the lands adjoining. Those of twenty years standing not to be deemed part thereof but those within sixty years to be valued as common land; and in case the possessor* shall pay the amount of the valuation, to the commissioner*, the encroachment shall be their property; but in case the amount of the valuation shall not be paid, of may sell the encroaduneot, and apply the purchase-monies for the expences of the act. Fnantagr-encroachments may be purchased by the owners of the adjoining laads. Dwelling-houses not to be affected which have stood twenty yean-Commissioners to determine the date of the encroachments. Titles not to be affected by the act. Compensation to be made to tenants deprived of common rights. The expenses of the act may be levied by rate upon

1806.] 46 Geo. III. c. 59. 87.

[Publick act.]

the proprietors, or raised by sale, except the share of the archbishop of Canterbury, which must be ndsed by sale. Application of surplus mon^y. Henry Oampier, barrister at law, appointed auditor for settling of* accounts. Power to borrow money until sale of land, to be repaid with interest. Award to be made by the of, and deposited with the clerk of the peace for the county of Surrey. Act not to affect powers of South London water-works, of of sewers, the gnnd Surrey Canal Company, or the powers of trustees of certain turnpike-roads. Appeal to# the quarter - sessions. General saving.

Cup* 59*

An act to alter and amend several acts passed in the fortieth, forty-fourth, and forty-fifth years of his present Majesty, ' for making wet docks, basons, cuts, and other woihs, for the greater accommodation and security of shipping, rtmunerce, and revenue, within the port of London, and for other the purposes in the said acts mentioned, and for enlarging the powers thereby granted to the London Dock Company.

[June 9, z806.]

[Publick act.]

Acts 40 Geo. 3. c. 47. 44 Geo. 3. c. a. and iao. 45 Geo. 3. c. 58. recited. So much of first recited act as requires the nomination of the directors to be on the first Wednesday in July yearly, repealed, and appointing any day within the first twenty days in July in every year. For purchasing certain houses and premises. Power of conveying the premises to the Company. Bridge-clause in act 39 and 40 Geo. 3. repealed. A foot-bridge to be erected at the inner part of the entrance-lock. For altering the hours of opening and shutting the dock-gates. Deck-gates to be opened from nine'in the morning to four in the afternoon, from the tenth of November to the ninth of May; and to be opened from the tenth of May to the ninth of November, at eight in the morning to four in the afternoon, (except Sundays, Christmas-days, and Good Fridays, and general fast and thanksgiving-days.) To erect a wicket gate at the boundary wall near the entrance-lock at Bell dock, with consent of the lords of the Treasury. The London Dock Company to prosecute, as a company, felons steading their goods, or goods in their custody. So much of the act of Geo. 3. as requires goods not duly entered at the customs and excise, to be sold within thirty days, repealed. Altering the time for selling of such goods. Extending the powers of the said acts to this act.,

Cap. 87.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual two acts, passed in the twenty-second and thirty-second years of his late Majesty, for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the town and borough of Southwark, and the several parishes and places in the said acts mentioned.

[July 3, 1806.]

Acts 12 Geo. 3. c. 47. 3s Geo. 2. c. 6. recited. So much of recited acts as restrains the jurisdiction of the court to debts not exceeding 40J. shall, from the first of August 1806, be repealed. The of appointed.by former acts continued. The of constituted a court of justice by the name of The Court of Requests for the Town and Borough of Southwark, and Eastern half of the Hundred of Brixton in the County of SurreyThree of to have jurisdiction over debts not exceeding 40l. and five over debts not exceeding 5l. Commissioners' oath. Clerks or their deputy to administer the oath. Appointment of clerks. The court to sit between the hours of ten in the forenoon, and four in the afternoon. Debtors to be summoned before of, who may make such order between the parties as they think just. Orders and proceedings to be registered, and hot removeable by certiorari* Officers of the court to summon witnesses. Witnesses

671 Local- and Personal Acts, [1806.

[Publick act.]

not appearing, or refusing to give evidence to forfeit 40/1 and in drf&ait of payment to be committed. Application of such penhl tie* If deter does not appear, of may proceed. If plaintiff does not appqr to prove his demand, defendant shall have costs. Persons giving fete evidence to be punished for perjury. Servants under age may recover wages. Act not to extend to certain debts mentioned, verdicts in any other court for debts recoverable in this court, not entitled to costs; bat if verdict be given for the defendant, and the judge shall certify that the debt ought to have been recovered in this court, he shall hove double costs. Persons not prevented from recovering rents by distress, ftc. Statute of limitations may be pleaded. Time of imprisonment of debtors limited, but to extend to each execution. Act 15 Geo. 3. c. 45. extended to this act. Table of fees to be hung up in the court-house. Officers taking other fees, or misbehaving in execution of their office, to forfeit twenty pounds and full costs. Actions to be commenced in one month. The four counsels of the Marshalsea court to have a compensation of fifty pounds a year each, paid by the bailiff add clerks. Limitation of actions. General issue. Double costs. Recited acts, where not repealed or otherwise provided for, extended to this act. Directing the of to make rules respecting suitors' money. Saving the rights of the palace-court, and the city of London. Act to commence first of August, 1806.

Cap. 97.

An act to enable the several persons therein named to dispose of several houses in Pickett-street, Temple Bar, in the parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the county of Middlesex; and in Skinner-street, Snow-hill; and 03 Snow-hill, and in Fleet-market, in the parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the city of London, by lottery.

[July 3, 1806.]

[Publick act.]

Acts 35 Geo. 3. c. 136. 38 Geo. 3. c. 61. 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 43. 4a Geo. 3. c. 73. 44. Geo. 3. c. 37. recited. Power to dispose of the buildings at Temple Bar and Snow-hill, mentioned in the schedules annexed to this act, in three different lotteries: A sura not ricmfing one hundred, thousand pounds may be raised by the first lottery upon the buddings specified in the fourth Schedule annexed to this act, discharged of land-tax; the number of tickets shall not exceed twenty thousand, and no ticket sold at a less value than five pounds, and tickets to be signed by one of the trustees. The like in the second lottery. The like in the third lottery. The buildings to be insured- from loss by fire by the trustees, until they shall be conveyed to the fortunate holders of tickets. Forty days* notice to be given in the Gazette, &c. of the intention to sell, and a list of the prizes to be published. The buildings, &c. to vest in the trustees. No tickets for the second or third lotteries to be sold until the buildings are completed. Appointing persons to certify the completion of the buildings. The lotteries may be determined by the state-lotteries. First lottery may be determined by a separate lottery in Guildhall. The second lottery may be determined in hke manner. The third lottery may be determined in like manner. Trustees to appoint of and clerks. Appointing new trustees in cast of aeath. Costs of the act, &c. to be paid out of the money raised by sale of tickets.

Cap. 113.

An act for altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for the further improvement of the port of London, by making docks and other works at BUchwall, for the accommodation of the East India shipping in the said port.

[July 13, 1806.]

Act 4j Geo. 3. c. x*6. reeked and extended to this act. Two general meetings of the company of proprietors to be holden yearly, one in January,

1806.] 46 Geo. III. c. 113.

inrf the other it) July, Five director* of the Company may call general neetiig. Company may increase their capital or iolnt stock by raising nte hnodfed thousand pounds more* Calls may be made in the pro-portfenMf and at such times as the proprietors shall direct. No transfer to be made of any smaller sum of the Company's capital stock than fifty pounda* Commercial road act* 44 Geo. 3. c. 37. recited. The East India Dock Company to subscribe zoyoooo/. to complete the road to the East* Ibdia docks. Interest or dividends of money so subscribed to be applied as other monies received for the East India Dock Company. Additional ground to be purchased. Company not to purchase any buildings* &c. except as mentioned in this act. Bodies politick, &c. empowered to sell. The quays in such of the dock? as shall be walled round are to be legal quip. Docks subject to the same regulations as thfe present legal quays. The boundary wall of the inward dock to be surrounded by a publick way* ten feet wide. When any of the docks* &c. shall be approved of by the lords Commissioners of the Treasury* as being ready ror the reception of ships and goods* they are to certify such approbation, which Is to he published in the Gazette and two other London newspapers which is to be deemed sufficient notice to all parties interested; and from and after such notice, the duties made payable to the company are to commence, and the quays mentioned in such certificates are to be legal quays; and the clauses in the recited let for compelling East India vessels to Unload in the docks shall take effect and be in force. The gatftl and doors of such of the said dock premises as shall be inclosed with a Wall am to be under the joint locks of the Dock Company and of the revenue officers* and to tie locked and opened only in the joint presence of one or more of the Company's officers, and one or more of the revenue officers. The gates and doors of the docks to be opened from November to February at the hour of seven in the morning, and 6hut at four in the afternoon $ and from March to October to be opened at At in the morning, and shut at four in the afternoon. Officers of revenue to attend in the said docks from November to February, from the hour of eight In the morning to three in the afternoon; and from March to October, from seven in the momiifg to three in the afternoon. No person to remain in the docks while the gates are shut. The hatches of East India vessels arriving in the river to be locked down. Hatches of ihiptf to be locked and opened in the joint presence of an officer of the East India Company and a revenue officer. Prize ships laden with the produce of the East Indies or China, to be subject to the same regulations as other ships arriving with East India produce. No other than East India ships and vessels to Ode the docks without the consent of the lords of the Treasury. Caravans to be provided by the East India Company, and approved by the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs. Goods to be conveyed in caravans between the hours of seven in the forenoon, and four in the afternoon. The Treasury empowered to alter the hours of opening and shutting the dock gates, and hours of transacting business. Tea and other goods may be landed and conveyed by the caravans to the warehouses of the East India Company without Deing previously weighed. The Treasury may order tea and goods to be weighed at the docks or on the quays. Any machine approved by the Treasury may be used in weighing the same. Outer dock wharfs to be legal quays when approved by the Treasury. East India Dock Company may employ labourers. No holidays to be kept at the docks except Sundays, Christmas-day, Good Friday, and fast or thanksgiving days. No fees to be taken by the Company's officers, or by the revenue officers, for any act done within the dock premises. But not to deprive the revenue officers of their lawful fees on goods exported. Two shillings a ton to be taken by the Company for wharfage and loading the caravans, Company to receive such rates for conveying goods, &c. as shall be agreed upon. Persons not to be compelled to employ the East India Dock Company in conveying goods, &c. Rates now to be recovered and applied. Compensation to be made to the owners, &c. of lighteis and craft, tackle-house porters, ticket potters, free carmen, and other persons, for loss or damage occasioned by the intended works* and to the

674 Local and Personal Acts, [1806.

[Publick act.]

governors of Christ's hospital (if necessary), on account of canoows. Commissioners of compensation under the Isle of Does Act to he the commissioners for the like purposes under this act. No claims to be made for such compensations, until three years after notice of the dads &c. being fit for use. Claimants may recover compensation-money from persons who have wrongfully received the same. Directors not to be personally answerable for acts legally done by them in the capacity of directors. Directors to pay the costs of the act out of money subscribed.

Cap. 125.

An act for altering and enlarging the term and powers of two acts, made in the forty-second and forty-fourth years of the reign of has present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several roads to communicate with the West India docks as the Isle of Dogs, in the county of Middlesex; and also of several acts for repairing the Cannon street road in the said county; and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering a new branch to communicate with the East India docks.

[July xa, 1806.]

[Publick act.]

Acts as Geo. 3. c. xox. and Geo. 3. c. 37. recited. Declaring the said acts to be in force. Giving to trustees the power to deviate fro the line of the East India dock road. Houses and buildings not to be injured. Compensation to the commissioners for paving the streets is the parish of Saint Anne. Costs of this act how to be paid. Act to Continue twenty one yeari.

Cap. 132.

An act for altering and enlarging the powers of an act made in the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the port of London, so far as the same relates to the compensations to be made by certain of therein named.

[July ax, 1806.]

Acts 39 Geo. 3. c. 69. 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 47- 4* Geo. 3. c. xij. 44 Geo. 3. c. xoo. and 45 Geo. 3. c. 58. recited. Powers of 39 Geo. 3. c. 69. extended to this act. Additional of for compensation. Appointment of of in room of those who shall die, or decline, or become incapable to act. Meetings on emergencies. Repealing part of the 39 Geo. 3. c. 69. in respect to ascertaining the amount of compensation by juries, and fines for non-attendance. When parties refine, or are unable to agree for compensation, juries for ascertaining the same may be impannelled. If compensation-money awarded be less by one eighth part than the money offered by the of, the claimants to pay costs. Fines may be imposed for non-attendance. Points of law may be reserved for the consideration of the court of King's Bench, and upon certificate of the justice presiding at the hearing, application may be made to the court of King's Bench for a new trial. Directing proceedings when new trial ordered before the justice. When new trad ordered before the judges of the court of King's Bench. No evidence to be given before the jury of any claim not specified in the memorial, for consolidating claims. Authorising memorials of joint claims to be entered previous to the twenty-third of August, 1806. Memorials of claims for diminution in value of tenements and hereditaments, and other

propeity, occasioned by the operation of more than one of the said acts, to be entered jointly before the expiration of the time limited for entering memorials under the 39 and 40 Geo. 3. Empowering the of (upon satisfactory cause being shewn to them) to allow additional or supplementary memorials to be entered. Time limited for entering memorials of claims by 39 Geo. 3. c. 69. not to be extended. No claims to be made for compensations in respect of the West India export-dock, until three years after notice of the same being ready for use, but such

1806.] 46 Geo. III. c. 144.

[Publick act.]

claims must be made within the following year. Compensation-money to be paid within six calendar months after the same shall be agreed for or awarded. Indemnity of of Costs of obtaining the act to be paid by of for compensations.

Cap. 144.

An act for establishing and well governing the charitable institution commonly called The Philanthropic Society, formed for the protection of poor children, the offspring of convicted felons, and for the reformation of children who have themselves been engaged in criminal practices; and for incorporating the subscribers thereto; and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful designs.

[July 22, 1806.]

[Publick act.]

[General issue.]

Members of this society incorporated by the name and stile of M The President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and Members of the Philanthropic Society." Power to bind apprentices. Power to bind apprentices to persons employed on the premises. A president, vice-presidents, treasurer, committee, visitors, and auditors. Six new committee-men to be elected yearly. General court and their powers. Persons in whose names monies, &c. are invested, to transfer and assign the same to the corporation. Treasurer to lay out and invest money of the corporation. Dividends, &c. to be applied for the purposes of this act. Questions to be decided by vote. General court to appoint physician, surgeon, or apothecary. Committee to appoint a chaplain. No chaplain to officiate unless duly licensed by the bishop of the diocese. Notice to be given to the rector of the parish of application to the bishop of the diocese to license the chaplain. Such notice to be left at the rector's house. Licence may be revoked by the bishop. Treasurer to account. Apprentices within the premises not to gain a settlement thereby. Appeal Form of conviction. Distress not to be unlawful for want of form. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Limitation of actions.

[Index removed.]

END OF VOL. XLVI.

