THE

Statutes at large,

Anno secundo Georgii III. Regis;

Being the FIRST Session of the Twelfth Parliament of GREAT BRITAIN,

BY

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq;

THE

Statutes at large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's-Inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXV, PART I.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY, for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan's Church in Fleet Street, London;

M, DCC, LXIII

TO

THE HONOURABLE

CHARLES YORKE,

ATTORNEY-GENERAL to His MAJESTY.

SIR,

THE Liberty I have taken in dedicating to You in a publick manner, this Edition of the Statutes, will I hope, be excused, when you consider that it owes in a great measure it's very Being to You.

When the uncommon abilities with which You vindicated the right of the University to print law-books, had so clearly refuted every objection, and dispelled every doubt from the mind of that Honourable Court the King's Bench, that their noble Chief, who always breathes the Spirit of the Laws, would permit no unnecessary delays to suspend their Justice; — You applied it immediately to the Honour of the University and the Public Utility, by suggesting such a publication of an intire body of the Statutes as was likely to prove of most general convenience: — my desire to make a thankful acknowledgment for the honour of being entrusted with the execution of your Plan, has been hitherto awed by the fear of offending, but united with the inclination of the University, pardon me if it can no longer be restrained in Silence.

That learned body, on your first appearance among them, saw You possessed of richer Stores of learning than many others are at their leaving it; and the more admired to observe You, indefatigable in the pursuit of new attainments, devote to Science that early season of life, too frequently resigned to pleasure and dissipation; and that admiration became ripened into the highest esteem and friendship with it's most respectable members, whilst You were no less distinguished by your most regular observance of every thing that Academical authority requires, than by the polished and amiable manners.

The Season that called you forth into Action, seemed only the Harvest due to the cultivation of such talents at the fountain of learning; and the masterly skill with which You explained various questions of Policy and Law, in the Senate and at the Bar, not only fixed the attention of all the men of business, but attracted the regards of a Sovereign, who being himself possessed of every virtue, feels the noblest Satisfaction in exalting modest worth; and therefore called You to that important office, — a Choice that reflects mutual lustre both on the Royal Donor and on the Receiver.

In the Character of Sollicitor General You endeavoured to destroy a Monopoly, and to extend the freedom of the Press to the University; because You foresaw that they would exercise it for the public good; and because neither the weight nor variety of business could ever interrupt the good offices of your antient friendship; on the contrary. You rendered it instrumental to the protection and honour of that body: — and it's particular Members, in the most difficult cases, ever found in You, at once an able adviser, and a generous Patron.

But I have been betrayed insensibly by the warmth of my own Sentiments and of others, into the danger of giving offence, where I intended the reverse: — indeed, the delicacies of your Character demand an abler hand than mine, — I forbear therefore, — though not without a secret murmur, that You are continually deserving praises, yet are unwilling to hear them, though they afford the highest pleasure to every one beside.

At least Sir, permit this Offering of the First fruits of a Press, for which you pleaded with so much learning, spirit and force, that the University might almost call it Your's, and which under Your Auspices they propose to employ for the general service of the nation: — permit me to entreat Your Pardon for this intrusion, and Your favourable acceptance of this work, and to assure You that I am, with the sincerest Respect,

SIR,

Your most obedient, and

devoted humble Servant,

DANBY PICKERING.

Inner-Temple

January 26.

1763.

Jan. 26, 1763,

[List of subscribers removed.]

A

TABLE

Containing the Titles of all the

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno secundo

GEORGII III. Regis.

Being the First Session of the Twelfth Parliament of Great Britain

PUBLICK ACTS.

I. AN act for enabling his Majesty to make provision for supporting the royal dignity of the Queen, in case she shall survive his Majesty.

II. An act to repeal so much of an act passed in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for the relief of insolvent debtors, as relates to creditors compelling prisoners charged in execution to deliver up their estates, and to such prisoners being thereupon discharged,

III. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two,

IV. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

V. An act for more effectually preventing the excessive use of spirituous liquors for home consumption, by laying additional duties upon spirits made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and for better regulating and encouraging the exportation of British made spirits; and for securing the payment of the duties upon spirituous liquors.

VI. An act for the importation of salted beef, pork, and butter into this kingdom from Ireland, for a limited time, for the supply of his Majesty's ships, transport and other ships and vessels, in his Majesty's immediate service and pay.

VII. An act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain sum of money towards paying off and discharging the debt of the navy, and towards naval services for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

VIII. An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon windows, or lights.

IX. An act for charging certain annuities granted in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, on the sinking fund; and for carrying the duties therein mentioned to the said fund; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

X. An act for raising by annuities, in manner therein mentioned, the sum of twelve millions, to be charged on the sinking fund; and for applying the surplus of certain duties on spirituous liquors, and also the monies arising from the duties on spirituous liquors, granted by an act of this session of parliament.

XI. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

XII. An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

XIII. An act for appointing of for putting in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

XIV. An act to prevent vexatious proceedings against brewers, victuallers, and others, with respect of the prices of beer and ale; for better securing the revenue upon strong beer and ale, by preventing fraudulent mixing thereof; to repeal so much of an act made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, as extends certain provisions relative to the exportation of spirituous liquors to the exportation of strong beer and ale; and for the more effectual preventing the re-landing of beer, ale, cyder, and mum, shipped for exportation as merchandize.

XV. An act for the better supplying the cities of London and Westminster with fish, and to reduce the present exorbitant price thereof; and to protect and encourage fishermen.

XVI. An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy.

XVII. An act for relief of the vassals of the several estates which are or may be annexed to the crown, by virtue of an act passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and for carrying the purposes of the said act more effectually into execution; and for enforcing and carrying into execution so much of an act passed in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the paying and discharging the wadsetts affecting the estate of Lovat.

XVIII. An act for rendering more effectual an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late Majesty queen Anne, intituled An act for providing a publick reward for such person or persons as shall discover the longitude at sea, with regard to the making experiments of proposals made for discovering the longitude.

XIX. An act for the better preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called England.

XX. An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws, now in being, relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England.

XXI. An act for paving, cleaning, and lighting, the squares, streets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Westminster, the parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that part of the parish of Saint Andrew's Holbourn which lies in the county of Middlesex, the several liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that part of the dutchy of Lancaster which lies in the county of Middlesex, and for preventing annoyances therein; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

XXII. An act for the keeping regular, uniform, and annual registers, of all parish poor infants under a certain age, within the bills of mortality.

XXIII. An act to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, and to indemnify justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of the militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and for the making and filing of affidavits of articles of clerkship.

XXIV. An act for importing salt from Europe into the colony of Nova Scotia in America.

XXV. An act for naturalizing such foreign protestants as have served, or shall serve, for the time therein mentioned, as officers or soldiers in his Majesty's royal American regiment, or as engineers in America.

XXVI. An act for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers.

XXVII. An act for enabling the judges of the court of session in Scotland to make an adjournment of the said court for such time, betwixt the twentieth day of December and the fifteenth day of January, yearly, as they shall judge most convenient not exceeding twenty days.

XXVIII. An act to prevent the committing of thefts and frauds by persons navigating bum boats, and other boats, upon the river Thames.

XXIX. An act to amend so much of an act made in the first year of the reign of King James the First, intituled An act for the better execution of the intent and meaning of former statutes made against shooting in guns, and for the preservation of the game of pheasants and partridges, and against the destroying of hares with hare pipes, and tracing hares in the snow; as relates to the preservation of house doves and pigeons, by making the manner of convicting such person or persons as shall offend therein more easy and expeditious.

XXX. An act for enlarging and improving the north east avenue of London Bridge.

XXXI. An act for making perpetual an act for the better regulaton and government of seamen in the merchants service; and for extending the provisions thereof to his Majesty's colonies in America.

XXXII. An act for draining and preserving certain low lands called The Fens, lying on both sides of the river Witham, in the county of Lincoln; and for restoring and maintaining the navigation of the said river, from the High Bridge in the city of Lincoln, through the borough of Boston, to the sea.

XXXIII. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and for settling and securing a certain annuity for the use of the right honourable Arthur Onslow, speaker of the house of commons in the last five parliaments.

XXXIV. An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for allowing time for the payment of the stamp duties omitted to be paid upon admissions into corporations or Companies, and appointments to offices therein; and for the relief of William Earle, in respect of a quantity of white salt, lost by the wreck of a ship near the harbour of Dublin.

XXXV. An act for applying the money granted in this session of parliament, towards defraying the charge of the pay of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the cloathing of the part of the said militia now unembodied, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

XXXVI. An act for better securing the payment of the sums of money directed by an act made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to be applied in augmentation of the salaries of the puisne judges in the court of King's Bench, the judges in the court of Common Pleas, the barons of the coif in the court of Exchequer, at Westminster, and the justices of Chester and the great sessions for the counties in Wales, for the time being.

XXXVII. An act for vesting certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, upon the sea coasts, in the counties of Kent, Sussex, and Southampton, on which forts and batteries have been erected for the defence of the said coasts in trustees, for certain uses; and for other purposes therein mentioned,

XXXVIII. An act for the more easy apd speedy recovery of small debts, within the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull.

XXXIX. An act for repairing and widening the roads from Mullen's Pond in the county of Southampton, to the eighteen mile stone from the city of Salisbury near Willoughby Hedge; and from West Amesbury to Anstlow Hill; and from Amesbury to Fiddleton; and from the New Inn in Amesbury to the end of the parish leading to Durrington; and from Wily to Cook's House and Landford; and from Beacon Hill to the Nag's Head; and from thence one mile of the road leading to Shrewton in the county of Wilts.

XL. An act for supplying the town of Halifax with water.

XLI. An act for rendering more effectual several acts passed in the fifth year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the thirteenth year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the roads from the top of Stokenchurch Hill to Enslow bridge, through the city of Oxford, by Begbrooke, to New Woodstock in the county of Oxon; and for repairing the road from the Crown alehouse, to the turnpike on Stokenchurch Hill aforesaid; and for repairing the mile-ways on each side the said city, as therein mentioned.

XLII. An act for repairing, widening, and altering, the road from Sandon in the county of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy in the county of Chester: and from Hilderstone, to Draycott in the Moors; and from Wetley Rocks, to Tean, in the said county of Stafford.

XLIII. An act for repairing and widening roads in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the borough of Saltash in the county of Cornwall.

XLIV. An act for repairing and widening the roads from a certain place near Bolton in the Moors, to Leigh; and thence to the guide post near Golbourne Dale, and to the south end of Newton Bridge; and from the said guide post to Winwick; and from Newton by Parr Stocks, to the guide post in Parr, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

XLV. An act for better regulating the poor; maintaining a nightly watch; lighting, paying, and cleansing the streets, rows, and passages; providing fire-engines and firemen: and regulating the hackney coachmen, chairmen, carmen, apd porters; within the city of Chester.

XLVI. An act for repairing and widening the road from thp Lostwithiel turnpike road, in the parish of Creed in the county of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Ruan Laneborne; and from Dennis Water, to three hundred yards on the south side of Trethim Mill, in the parish of Saint Just, in the said county.

XXVII. An act for the enlightning the streets, lanes, and passages, within the town and county of the town of Nottingham.

XLVIII. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by two several acts, passed in the sixth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty, for the more effectual repairing the roads leading from Wadesmill in the county of Hertford, to Barley and Royston; and for making the said acts more effectual,

XLIX. An act for amending and widening the road from the turnpike road at or near the town of Swindon, to the north end or side of the town of Marlborough, and from the said town of Marlborough to the village of Everly in the county of Wilts.

L. An act for repairing, widening, and altering, several roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other places in the county of Devon.

LI. An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the turnpike road at Willoughby Hedge in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge, to the turnpike road at the west end of Heytesbury; and also the road from the turnpike road at the top of Red Hone Hill, in the parish of Urshfont, to the mile-stone at the Western end of Fisherton Street in the county of Wilts.

LII. An act for building a bridge cross the river Teese, at or near the ferry in the parish of Stockton, in the county of Durham.

LIII. An act for repairing and widening the roads leading front Kelsal, in the county of Salop, to Whiston Cross, and from thence over Burnhill Green Rudge Heath, by the two New Inns, and to a place called High Gate Warren, in the county of Stafford.

LIV. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road, from Castle street, at the end of the town of Hinckly, to Lutterworth Town's-End, and from, or near, the Guide Post, at Walcot Town's-End, in the county of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile stone, in Welford Field, in the county of Northampton.

LV. An act for continuing and rendering more effectual an act passed in the tenth year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for continuing an act passed in the third year of the reign of His Majesty King George the First, for laying a duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, in every pint of ale or beer, that shall be vended, or sold, within the town of Dumfries, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the said town, and for building a church, and making a harbour there; and for laying a duty on the tonnage of shipping, and a duty on goods imported and exported, into, and out of, the port of the the said town, for the better repairing of the said harbour.

LVI. An act to amend and render more effectual an act made in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making navigable Sanky Brook, in the county of Lancaster, and for the extending and improving the said navigation.

LVI. An act to amend an act made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads, therein mentioned, in the counties of Southampton and Dorset: and for amending and widening the road between Ringwood Gate, in the county of Southampton to Woolsbridge; and from thence to the great Western road, between a place called Thick Thorn and Cashmore Inn.

LVII. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor, and for cleansing the streets, lanes, and other passages and places, in the parishes of Saint James, within the liberty of Westminster, and for enlarging the church yard belonging to the said parish.

LIX. An act for repairing, widening, turning, and shortening the road leading from the turnpike road on Farrad's Common, in the parish of Bradford, through Holt and Melksham, to Homan's Stile, in the parish of Laycock, in the county of Wilts.

LX. An act for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Weyhill, in the county of Southampton, to the turnpike road at Lyde Way, in the county of Wilts.

LXI. An act for altering, widening, and amending, the road from the north gate of the city of Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch, and other places, to Newtown River, and also the road from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through Wherwell, to the present turnpike road at Andover, in the county of Southampton.

LXII. An act for repairing and widening the high road, leading from Ashborne, in the county of Derby, to the town of Leek, in the county of Stafford, and from Reycroft Gate, upon Rushton Common, to Congleton, in the county of Chester, and also the road leading from Blyth Marsh, in the county of Stafford, through Cheadle, Oakamoor, and Blore, to the turnpike road, from Ashborne to Bukton near Thorp, in the county of Derby.

LXIII. An act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from the south end of Sparrow's Herne on Busby Heath, through the market towns of Watford, Berchampstead, Saint Peters, and Tring, in the county of Hertford, by Pettifers Elms, to the turnpike road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the county of Bucks.

LXIV. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from Bridge Town Pomeroy, and from Teing Bridge in the county of Devon.

LXV. An act for repairing and widening the roads from the White Post on Hasleden's Wood, in the parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath; and from Milk House Street, in the same parish, to Castleden's Oak, in the parish of Biddenden; and from Golford Green, in the said parish of Cranbrooke, to Tanner's Vent, in the parish of Benenden, all in the county of Kent.

LXVI. An act for repairing the road from the turnpike road on the top of Whitesheet Hill, to a place called the Hare Warren; and from thence to the Index Post, standing near the Blandford turnpike road, on the side of Harnam Hill; and also for repairing and widening the road from the said Index Post, to a house called Master Baker's Farm House, in the county of Wilts.

LXVII. An act for continuing, enlarging, and rendering more effectual, so much of an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two acts of parliament, for repairing the roads leading from seven Oaks' to Woodsgate and Tonbridge Wells; and from Woodsgate to Kippings Cross in the county of Kent; and also for repairing the roads from Kippings Cross aforesaid, Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the said county; and to Flimwell Vent, in the county of Sussex; as relates to the amending, repairing, and keeping in repair, the said roads, leading from Kipping's Cross aforesaid, to Lamberhurst Pound, Pullen's Hill, and Flimwell Vent, aforesaid.

LXVIII. An act for building two new churches, and providing burial places within the town of Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and for the better preserving the pavements of the streets in the said town; and for ascertaining the fares and prices to be paid carters, carmen, hackney coachmen, and chairmen, and for regulating their behaviour, within the said town.

LXIX. An act for explaining and amending so much of two acts of the twenty seventh and twenty ninth years of his late Majesty, for repairing several roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Leicester and Warwick, as relates to the road between Hinckley and Coventry.

LXX. An act to amend and render more effectual several acts made for cleansing and enlightening the streets of the town of Kingston upon Hull, and for preventing annoyances therein.

LXXI. An act for continuing the term and powers of an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for repairing the road from Doncaster, through the parish of Peniston, in the county of York, to Salter's Brook, in the county of Chester; and also the road from Rotherham, in the said county of York, to Hartcliffe Hill, in the said parish of Peniston; and for making the said act more effectual so far as the same relates to the said road between Doncaster and Salter's Brook.

LXXII. An act for repairing and widening the road from Flimvell Vent, in the county of Sussex, through Highgate in the county of Kent, and the parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said county of Sussex; and from Highgate aforesaid, to Coopers Corner, in the said county of Sussex, and to Tubb's Lake in the said county of Kent.

LXXIII. An act for repairing and widening the roads from a certain bridge, called James Deeping Stone Bridge, to Peter's Gate in Stamford, in the county of Lincoln, and from thence, so the south end of the town of Morcot, in the county of Rutland.

LXXIV. An act to amend and render more effectual an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from Meadbrook, which divides the parishes of Pucklechurch and Mangotsfield, in the county of Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge, in the county of Wilts, and also from Pucklechurch aforesaid, to certain coal mines in the said parish.

LXXV. An act for repairing and widening the high road leading from the north end of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the county of Suffolk, to the south gate in Berry Saint Edmunds in the said county.

LXXVI. An act for amending and widening the road leading from the high post road near the town of Faversham, by Bacon's Water, through Ashford, to the town and port of Hythe, in the county of Kent, and from Bacon's to a certain lane, called Holy-Lane, in Wincheap, near the city of Canterbury.

LXXVII. An act to enlarge the term and powers, and also to render more effectual an act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the several roads from the town of Pool, in the county of Montgomery, to Wrexham, in the county of Denbigh; and also the road from Knockin, in the county of Salop, to Llanrhaiader, in Mochnant, in the county of Denbigh, and to repair and widen several other roads therein mentioned.

LXXVIII. An act for amending and widening the road from the Market-House, in Stourbridge, to Colly Gate, in Cradley, and from Pedmore, to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate, to Halesowen, and from the turnpike road on Dudley Wood, to Rednal Green, in the parish of King's Norton, and from Carter's Lane, to the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop.

LXXIX. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, the Cross Houses, Glazeley, and the turnpike gate on Abberley Hill, in the counties of Salop and Worcester.

LXXX. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads therein mentioned, lying in the counties Leicester and Warwick, and in the county of the city of Coventry.

LXXXI. An act for widening, repairing, and amending, the road from Hesket, by Yewes Bridge, to Cockermouth, and from thence by Lorton, over Whinlatter, to Keswick, in the county of Cumberland; and from Keswick, by Dummail Rays and Ambleside, to Kerby in Kendall in the county of Westmorland: and from Plumbgarth's Croft, near Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the lake called Windermere, in the county of Westmorland; and from Keswick aforesaid, to the town of Penrith, in the county of Cumberland.

LXXXII. An act to continue, and render more effectual, an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the town of Loughborough, to Ashby de la Zouch, in the county of Leicester; and for repairing and widening the road, branching out of th said road, at Coleorton Church, over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonington, to Rempston, in the counties of Leicester and Nottingham.

LXXXIII. An act for repairing and widening the roads from Kirkby-Steven High-Lane Head, in the county of Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and from Bracken Bar Gate near Askrigg, in the county of York, through Sedberg, to Kirkby Kendal; and also the road from the four lane ends in Marthwaite, to the turnpike road on Grayrigg House, leading from Appleby, to Kirkby Kendal, in the said county of Westmorland.

LXXXIV. An act for repairing and widening the road from Cosham, in the county of Southampton, to the city of Chichester.

LXV. An act to impower the commissioners and trustees named and appointed by, and in pursuance of an act of parliament, made in the tenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for making more effectual an act made in the ninth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for completing the repairs of the harbour of Dover in the county of Kent, and for restoring the harbour of Rye in the county of Sussex, to its antient goodness so far as the same relates to the harbour of Rye, to let the sea and tides into a new cut or channel, made in pursuance of the said act of the tenth year of his laid late Majesty's reign, as far as a wall, called Winchelsea Wall.

LXXXVI. An act to enlarge the term and powers granted by an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty, for continuing several acts relating to the harbour of Liverpool, and for enlarging the said harbour, by making an additional dock, and building a pier in the open harbour there, and for enlightening the said dock, and for making another dock with proper piers in the said harbour, and for erecting lighthouses, and other proper lights, in or near the port of Liverpool.

LXXXVII. An act for enlarging the term and powers of several acts of parliament, relating to the harbour of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland, and to the roads leading to the said harbour and town of Whitehaven; and for further enlarging the said harbour; and for lighting the said town, and supplying the same with water; and for regulating the carmen there; and for repealing so much of an act of the twenty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the road from Calder Bridge, to Egremont, and directing how the said road shall be repaired, and for repairing several other roads therein mentioned, in the said county.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN act for naturalising Anna Maria Thornton, wife of Octavius Thornton, merchant,

2. An act for dividing and inclosing certain common fields, and meadows, in the parish of Holy Cross, in Pershore, in the county of Worcester.

3. An act for naturalizing Philip Jacob Krauter, and John Paris.

4. An act for naturalizing John Berens.

5. An act for establishing and confirming certain articles of agreement for the dividing and inclosing several common fields, meadows, and pastures, in the townships of Elvaston and Thulston, in the county of Derby.

6. An act for naturalizing Francis Rodolph Fatio, John Le Coq, John Henry Cazenove, and Henry Peter Kuhff.

7. An act for dividing and inclosing two pieces or parcels of open and uninclosed lands, called The Town Hill, and The Burroughs, in the borough and manor of Swansea, in the county of Glamorgan.

8. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, meadows, pastures, and waste grounds, in the township of Ashton upon Trent, in the county of Derby.

9. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable places, in the parish of Swanburne, in the county of Bucks.

10. An act for dividing and inclosing several common fields, meadows, pastures, and waste grounds, in the parish of Barrowby in the county of Lincoln.

11. An act to enable the most noble Francis duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable cut or canal from Longford Bridge, in the township of Stretford, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to the river Mersy, at a place called The Hemp Stones, in the township of Halton, in the county of Chester.

12. An act for authorizing and enabling John Woods, William Woods, and John Challen, merchants, to erect and build one or more tide mill or tide mills, for grinding corn and grain, upon a creek or channel, in the manor and parish of Bishopston, in the county of Sussex.

---

13. An act for sale of certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the parishes of IVttham Frary, Marston^ or Nunny, in the county of Somerset, devised and limited by the will of Sir William Wyndham baronet, deceased, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments to be settled to the same uses, except as therein mentioned.

14. An act for confirming and establishing a partition between Samuel Blunt, Henry Humpbery, James Clitherow, efauires, and others, of several estates in the counties of Sussex, ourrey, and Kent, and for veiling and settling the entire premiCes to the federal uses therein mentioned.

15. An act for incorporating the trustees, named in the settlement and will of Christopher Tancredy esquire, deceased, and to enable them to take the estate late of the said Christopher Tan-creiy to them and their fuccpssors, in perpetuity, for the charitable uses in fitch settlement and will, and for the better management of the charity.

16. An act for vesting a piece or pieces of ground, in Kenr fingtotiy in the county of Middlesex^ part of the settled estate of Robert Philimore gentleman, in trustees, to be sold, and for apr plying the money, arising by such laic, in the purchase of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be settled and limited to the like uses as the said ground now staryls settled,

17. An act to enable the right honourable the lady Frances Hanbury Williams^ to take upon her, and use, the surname of Coningejby, pursuant to a prpyifo in a settlement made by her father, Thomas earl Coningejby, deceased,

18. An act to enable John Hqfe esquire, and his heirs male, to take and use the surname and arms of Lombe.

19. An act for naturalizing Henrietta Frederique viscountess Stormont, wife of the right honourable David lord viscount Stormont.

20. An act for naturalizing Philip Sfhtfmacher and Nicholas Brandi.

21. An act for naturalizing Jacob Wolffe esquire, commonly called baron Wolffe.

22. An act for naturalizing Paul Metivier.

23. An act for naturalizing James Repinder.

24. An act for naturalizing Jean Chamaud.

25. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common feld, copimon meadows, common pattures, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the hamlet and liberties of PrinceT thorpe, in the township and parish of Stretton upon Dunfmorc, in the county of Warwick.

26. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain moor, or comr mon, called Middlewood Moor, or UJbaw Moor, within the manor of Lanchester*, in the county of Durham.

27. An act for dividing and inclosing the whple year land$, and pasture grounds, common fields, half year inclosures, (hack meadows, and commons, in the parish of Snettijhatn> in the county of Norfolk.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields in thp parish of Hungerton % in the county of Leicester.

29. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields of Thurmaston, in the parish of Belgrqye gnd Bariby, in the county of Leicester.

30. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields and common grounds in Whijfondine, in the county of Rutland.

31. An act for vesting certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, heretofore riven, in trust, for the benefit of the poor inhabitants of the parish of Woburn, in the county of Bedford, in his grace John duke of Bedford, and his heirs, and for establishing a better fund in lieu thereof.

32. An act for discharging the estate of Frederick vifeoupt polinghrofy, in the county of Surrey} from the uses apd limits

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

tkms of a former settlement, and for settling lands and tieredi- taments in the county of Kent, in lieu thereof to the same tiles.

33. An act to enable Patriei Blake esquire, a minor, to make a settlement on Annabelta Bunbury spinster, and the issue of iheir intended marriage; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

34. An act for the sale of part of the estates entailed by the will of Edward Metiish? esquire, deceased, and for laying'out the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of other eliates to be settled to the like uses.

35. An act for vesting a relit chaise in fee Ample, in trustees, for the benefit of certain poor families described in the will of John Styleman deceased, in lieu of a moiety of certain lands and hereditaments* deviled by the same will, for the benefit of the said poor families, and for veiling the said moiety in fee Ample in John Boyd, esquire, and his heirs.

36. An act for felling part of the estates of Willam Mafoh, esquire, deviled to him by the will of William Mason, esquire, deceased, and for laying out the money to arise thereby in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the uses limited by the said will; and for exchanging other part of the said estates of the said William Majfon, so deviled, for other lands and tenements, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the uses limited by the lame will.

37. An act for vesting all the real and perfoftal estates, late of Elizabeth Morgan widow, deceased, in Elizabeth Mackenzie, wife of George Mackenzie, esquire, her neice, heir at law, and holy next of kin, discharged from all right, claims* and interest, of the mailer and fellows of Gonvile and Coins College*in the university of Cambridge.

38. An act for the sale of the estate of Thomas Waite? an infant, for discharging incumbrances affelling the same, and for applying the surplus money arising thereby for the benefit of the said infant;

39. An act for naturalizing Diederiek Wtjfel Linden.

40. Act act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, in the manor of Shenky Brookend, in the parish of Shenley, in the county of Bucks.

41. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open and common fields, meadows and comntons, within the lordship orliberty of £>vemdon, in the county of Leicester.

42. An act for dividing and inclosing several common fields, commons, common heaths, and waste grounds, in the parish of Portesham, in the county of Dorset.

43. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain moor or common, within the manor of Evenwood and chapelry of Saint Helen's Auckland? and county of Durham.

44. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields, pastures, and pieces or parcels of meadows and pasture ground, in the lordship of Sproatley, in Holderness, in the county of York.

A TABLE of tise STATUTES.

45. An act for confirming articles of agreement for inclosing common fields, commons, pafhices, and waste grounds, in the townships or Hamlets of Dringhoe, and in the parish mSkipsea, in Holderness, in die call riding of the county of York.

46. An act for dividing and inclosing the open tod common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and waste grounds, of and in the manor, parish, tod liberties aSSotaeester, with the hamkts of Wood, and Caldtcote, in the county of Northampton.

47. An act for inclosing and dividing the common fields, moors, and common grounds, in the township of Rotherham, in the county of York.

48. An act for inclosing and dividing several open fields, and commonable lands, within the manor tod parish of in the county of Lincoln.

49. An act for repealing part, and explaining and amending other parts, of an act made in the thirty second year of the reign jof his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for vesting part of the estates intailed by the of the mofi noble Charles Noel, duke of fieaufort, in to be sold.,

and for purchasing other estates, Jo be settled to the like and for

empowering the guardian and trustees named in the to make

Jsafes of the said duke's estates, in the tomtits of Gloucester, Wilts, Hants, Devon, Dorset, Glamorgan, and Brecon, during the minority of his children.

50. An act for confirming a partition of so many of the estates of Charles late duke of Smerfet, deceased, as were by him settled and devised to the use of Frances late marchiooefs of Granby, and of Charlottecountess of Aylesford, his two daughters, and their issue, in strict settlement, with several remainders over; and for vesting and settling the entire premises to the several uses therein mentioned; and for the several other purposes therein mentioned'.

51. An act for rectifying a mistake in the name of one of the trustees in the settlement made upon the marriage of the right honourable ftflliam earl of Harrington, with the right honourable Carolina countess of Harrington his wife.

52. An act for explaining and amending the marriage settlement of Edward lord Winterton, in the kingdom of, by impowering him to fell part of the estates in the counties of Sussex, Surrey, and Norfolk, therein comprised, and for lay- out the monies arising by such side, in the purchase of other.estates of equal or greater value, to be fetded to the uses of the said marriage fetdement, and for other purpafes therein mentioned.

53. An act to enable Sir Nicholas Hacket Carew, baronet, to grant a lease, or leases, of part of his settled estate, for the improvement thereof, pursuant to a contract by him entered into for that purpose

54. An act for vesting the capital messuage, with the lands and hereditaments thereunto belonging, at Southgate, in the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

parish of Edmonton, and at Frian Barnett, in the county of Middlesex, and at East Barnett, in the county of Hertford, late part of the estate of Jarpes CdUkroeke, esquire, deceased, comprized in the marriage settlement of Sir George Colebrooke, baronet, in him and his heirs, and for settling other lands and hereditaments, in the counties of Surrey and Adidileftx, of equal value, to the same uses, in lieu thereof, and for other purposes in the said act menrioneej.

55. An act for discharging certain leasehold houses and tenements, comprized in the marriage settlement of Humphreys Ram, esquire, from the mills of the settlement, and for settling freehold houses of greater value in lieu thereof.

56. An act for vesting a toft or feite of a copyhold house, in Richmond, in the county of Surrey, lately pulled dpwn, in tru-ftecs, to be sold, leased, or otherwise ajfoofed of, for the benefit of the persons claiming under the will of Matthias Perkins, gentleman, deceased; and for impowering John Perkins, his (bn, to make such Jeafcs of his estate, at Richmond and Tuddington, as are therein mentioned.

57. An act for discharging divers lands, estates, and hereditaments, devised by the will of Thomas Ruggles, esquire, deceased, from the ules and trulls of the said will; and for settling other lands and tenements, of greater value, in lieu there-of, to the like uses.

58. An act for vesting the settled estate, late of Ralph Jenifon, esquire, deceased, at Great Walworth, in the county of Durham, in trustees, in trull, to be conveyed to John Dixon, gentleman, and his heirs, pursuant to a decree, and subsequent orders, of the court of chancery at Durham.

59. An act to enable. Joseph Fell, esquire, to make a lease of a farm and lands in Walthamjlowe, in the county of Essex, for a term of ninety nine years.

60. An act to enable John Holden, gentleman, and Thomas Holden, his son, an infant, and their trustees, to raise the sum of one thousand pounds, upon certain estates in Leicestershire and Warwickshire, or on a sufficient part thereof, to be applied for the purposes therein mentioned.

61. An act for vesting two acres of land in Walton upon Thames, in trustees, to be sold, and conveyed to the executors of Samuel Dicker, esquire, for the benefit of Mary Delver, an infant.

62. An act for vesting divers lands and hereditaments, in the parish of Igborough, in the county of Norfolk, part of the settled estate late of Henry Ord, esquire, deceased, in trustees to convey the same to James Nelthorpe, esquire, and his heirs, and to lay out the money to be paid for the same, in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the uses therein mentioned.

63. An act for vesting certain estates, in the parish of Saint Botolph Billingsgate, London, late the estate of William Clapham, gentleman, in trustees, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

64. An act for sale of part of the settled estate of Thomas Coretdj of Crowcombe, in the county of Somerset, esquire, and for settling other lands and hereditaments, of greater value in lieu thereof, to the same uses.

65. An act for vesting the settled estate of John Wellery esquire, deceased, lying in the counties of Kent and Chester, in trustees, to be sold, to pay off incumbrances affecting the same, and to lay out the fundus of the money arising by such sale (if any) in the purchase ot other lands to be settled to the uses of the will of said John Weller.

66. An act to enable William Richards and Edward Richards, infants, and their heirs, to take and use the surname, and bear the arms of Powell, pursuant to the will of Roger Powell, esquire, deceased.

67. An act to enable Charles Smith, an infant, lately called Charles Loraine, and his heirs, to take, and use, the fumame of Smithy pursuant to the will of Richard Smithy esquire, deceased.

68. An act for naturalizing Luke Wettjleiny Peter Texiety junior, and Daniel Goy.

69. An act for naturalizing John Doemer.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno secundo Georgii III.

At the Parliament begun and holden zxWestminster the nineteenth day of May, Anno Dom. 1761, in the first year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland\

King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued by several prorogations tb the third day of November following, being the first session of the twelfth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for enabling his Majesty to make provision for supporting the royal dignity of the Queen, in case she shall Survive his Majesty.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS your Majesty's most faithful commons reflect with the greatest pleasure on the joyful and auspicious event of your Majesty's royal nuptials with a princess, defeended from an illustrious protestant line, distinguished by the most eminent graces and endowments, and worthy to be the royal partner of your throne* by possessing every virtue that can adorn it, and have a just sense of that affectionate regard which your Majesty has shewn for your people, by consulting on this most important and interesting occasion, as on every other, their happiness and that of their posterity, and are truly sensible how acceptable it will be to your Majesty, that a good, certain, and competent revenue be settled for supporting the honour and dignity of her Majesty, your royal confort, in case (he Should furtive your Majesty fwnofe lives God long preserve). And whereas by an act made in the first year of the reign of her late t Ann*; Majesty Queen Anne, for preferring the inheritance of several revenues of the crown, intituled An act for the better support of hr Majesty's houjholdy and of the honour and dignity of the crozun9 ail grants thereof (other than such as are therein expressed) are declared to be void j and by another act made in the ninth9 Anna?* rear of her said late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for establishing a general pofi office for all her Majesty's dominions, and for fating a weekly sum out of the revenues thereof for the service of the wory and other her Majesty's occasions, it was enacted, That fjjch part of the duties and revenues arising in or by the general

tGco.j.

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

letter office or pod office, which was thereby veiled in her laid late Majesty, her heirs, and successors, and therein mentioned to be undeterminable, Should not be alienable, chargeable, or grantable for any estate, term, or time whatsoever, to endure longer than the life of the King or Queen that Should make such alienation, charge, or grant respectively and that all gifts, grants, alienations, and assurances whatsoever, to be had or made of, and charged upon, the same duties or revenues, or any part thereof, contrary to the provision of that ad, Should be null and void: and whereas by an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the support of his Majesty's houjboldy and of tbt honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, the duties and revenues commonly called The hereditary revenues, together with several temporary duties and revenues thereby continued, and all other branches and revenues which, on the twenty-fourth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, flood settled or appointed to be towards the support of the houshold of his late Majesty King George the Second of blessed memory, and the honour and dignity of the crown, were (except as is therein excepted) directed to oe, during your Majesty's life, carried to, and made part of, the general or aggregate fund established by an act made in the first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First* and for the support of your Majesty's houshold, and of the honour and dignity of your crown, a certain yearly relit or rents, or sum or sums of money, was or were by the said act granted out of the said fund: now we do most numbly, cheerfully, and unanimously beseech your Majesty that it men be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the hn ereef authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and by tetters pa- ^or the King's most excellent Majesty, by any letters patent, or tent under the indenture, or by several letters patent or indentures, under the great seal, to great seal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to give and grant unto the to hcr faK) Majesty the Queen, or to such other person or nStyof11* Persons as his Majesty mall think fit, to be named in such let-00, 000.1. ters patent, indenture or indentures, and his or their heirs, to the use of, or in trust for her Majesty, one annuity or yearly relit or sum of one hundred thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; which annuity or yearly sum of one hundred thousand pounds, and every part thereof, shall commence and take effedi immediately from and after the decease of his Ma- Majesty, and jesty» an<l continue from thenceforth for and during the natural continue dur- life of her Majesty; and shall be paid and payable at the four most usual days of payment in the year; that is to say, the fifth day of January, the hfth day of April\ the fifth day of July % and the same to be the tenth day of October, by even and equal portions j the first aid quarter- payment thereof to be made at such of the said days as shall first and next happen after the decease of his Majesty, in case her Majesty the Queen shall survive him, as aforesaid and that the said annuity or yearly sum of-pne hundred thousand

His Majesty

to take place

from the decease of his

"fi

ranise;

S

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 3

pounds, shall or may, by such letters patent, indenture or uv dentures, be dirtied to be iffiiing and payable out of, or charged out of the he- and chargeable upon all or any part of such of the £ud duties, mlitary and revenues, and brandies, which by the said act made in the last other rcv?-fcfffcm of parliament, intituled An act for the support of his Ma- ^th^rgre-jestys houfboldy and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great gate fund, by Britain, were carried to, and made part ot, the said general or an act of aggregate fund, as shall be subsisting after the decease of his pre± 1 sent Majesty; and in case the duties, revenues* and branches, and any occa-out of which the said annuity or yearly sum of one hundred fional deficit thousand pounds, shall be issuing or payable, ot charged or encYto chargeable upon, shall, at any time or times be deficient to ^touh^du-make good the same, or any part thereof, such deficiency and ties composing deficiencies, shall or may, by the said letters patent, indenture the said fund, or indentures, be directed to be from time to time, as often as such deficiency or deficiencies shall so happen, supplied, issuing* and payable out of, or charged and chargeable upon, all and every die duties and revenues which compose the said fund, commonly called The general or aggregate fundy and every or any \n preference of them (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sum to all other*and sums of money, as hath or have been directed by any P^ijents former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the same) hereafter be but with preference to all other payments which shall or may charged hereafter be charged upon, and payable out of, the said fund, thereupon.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said annuity or The said an-yearly sum of one hundred thousand pounds, shall be paid and nuity to be payable at the receipt of his MajestyY exchequer, or by and paid at the from the immediate hands of all and every the commissioners* J^cae, e^y^ farmers, treasurers, or receivers for the time being of the said chequer, 8* duties, revenues, and branches respectively, upon which the said annuity or yearly sum of one hundred thousand pounds, or any part or parts thereof, shall be charged, without any fees or free of all charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any taxes and part thereof; and the acquittance and acquittances of her Ma- chaises j jesty, or her trustees, or of her Majesty's treasurer or receiver d ac-.general for the time being, shall be a good and sufficient discharge for the payment thereof, without any further or other ^her trustees, warrant to be filed' for, had, or obtained in that behalf*and to be a suffi-that the said annuity or yearly sum of one hundred thousand cient dif-poands, and every part thereof, shall be free and clear from all charSc-taxes, impositions, and other public charges whatsoever $ and that if the officers of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, or officers refus-the said of, farmers, treasurers* of receivers for the ingorneglcdU tone being, of all or any of the said duties, revenues, or branch- jpgt0 Pe.r" es, upon which the said annuity of yearly sum of one hundred Jj1

thousand pounds, or any part or parts thereof, shall be charged, fU€ w as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay the said annuity of ycaily sum, or any part thereof, to her Majesty, her treasurer, receiver-general, or trustees, or to do any act necessary to enable her Majesty, or her trustees, or her treasurer, or receiver-general to receive the same, then her Majesty, or such her

4 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

trustees, as aforesaid, may, from rime to rime, foe, profeewto or implead such officers, commissioner*, farmers, treriuntrfc, or receivers, or any of them, or altar arty of the^fecuntidh heirs, executors, and administittora, by bill, plaint, oradHo* of debt, and shall and may recover judgments, and: file out exr- cutions thereupon against such officers, commissioners, farmers,

treasurers, or receivers respectively, and their respective securities, heirs, executors, and adtmnistrators, for fitch fumandfap» of money then due and owing upon the said annuity of one hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof, as shall be in the hands of such officer or officers, oomnrrissioners, farmers, treasurers, or receivers respectively, at the time or times wfcen demand shall be made of the payment of the said yearly film, or any part thereof, as aforesaid, or for the refiifal or neglect to do any act needfery to be done by such officer or officers, to enable her Majesty, or her trustees, treasurer, or receiver-general to receive the same.

His Majesty Ifl. And, for the better accommodation of her Majesty, in case impowered (he shall happen to survive his Majesty, be it further enacted by grant ^b^et- aut^or*ty aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawfud to and

ters patent for his Majesty, notwithstanding any restricrion contained in the

under the said act made in the first year of the reign of her feid late Ma-

gfeatfeal, Majesty Queen Atme, by any letters patent, indenture or inden- Somerset Ce °* tures> unc*er t^e great seal of Great Britain, to give, grant, fct^ Housein the ^e> or all that his MajestVs palace or capital roeffuage

Strand, with called by the name of Denmark-Hauft, alias StmerJet^Hottft, alias its rights and Strond-House, situate in or near the Strand, and in dr near the appurte- parish of Saint Mary at Strand, in the county of AfiddJesex, eoithances* its rights, members, and appurtenances whatsoever, and all and Angular houses, outhouses, stables, coach-houses, edifices, bttUd-ings, courts, yards, gardens, and appurtenances whatsoever, to the said palace or capital messuage belonging, and other the premisses, of any of them, belonging or appertaining, or Accepted, reputed, taken, used, of enjoyed, as part, pareel, ' or and also the member thereof, or any part thereof; and also to give, grant. Lodge in settle, or afiitre, all that his Majesty's house, now or* heretofore KichmondOld usually called the Ledge, and formerly in the tenure of yakn J>arjc» an? the Latton esquire, situate and being within the park called or known ^ffes^here-6* ^he name of Richmond Otd Park, in the county of Surrey, and unto belong- all and Angular the closes, wood grounds, lands, tenements, And ing, hereditaments thereunto belonging, or held or enjoyed there-

with by his Majesty upon his fcccession to the imperial crawi* of thele realms, all which premisses a*e pared, or reputed pareel, of the manor of Richmond, ahas Wifi Sheen, in the said county of Surrey; and also all those mdftiageS and closes of with Keefe's land, commonly called KcetSs FaHn, hr the parish of Mortlake, Far^n the in the said county of Surrey, purchfcfed by of intrust for- her MonlsOte Majesty; and aWo all such other closes, wood grounds,

walks, easements, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, purchased by or in trust for her feid late Majesty, or hil said late Majesty, or either of them, and added to, or used with the

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. L

said park, or any part thereof, or as an easement or convenience and aH other

thereto, and held and enjoyed therewith, by his Majesty upon cL°[Cj ?cc'

his acceflionjro the imperial crown of these realms, m as full, used with the

large, ample, and beneficial manner and form, as his Majesty said park, and might have given, granted, settled, or allured the lame, or any enjoyed there- part thereof, if the said act of the first year of her said late Majesty's reign, or any the restrictions, clauses, matters, or things cetoonto thi

therein contained, had never been had or made; so as by fuen crown*

gifts, grants, settlements, or assurances, orfome of them, a good and sure estate and interest of and in the said palace, or capital messuage and appurtenances, and the said house or lodge, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and all other the premises

aforesaid, and every of them, be limited, appointed, settled, or

allured, to or for the use of, or in trust for her Majesty, in such manner that flie may have and enjoy the foie benefit thereof immediately from and after the deceale of his Majesty, during the term of her natural life; and so as an estate or interest b6

thereby also limited, appointed, settled, or allured, to or for the use of, or in trust for the executors, administrators, and alliens

of her Majesty, to take effect immediately from and after her

deceale, and to continue for one-whole year from thence next ensuing.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The said let-all and every the powers, precepts, directions, and clauses, to be ten patent, contained in his Majesty's letters patent, indenture or inden- ^demand tunes, hereafter to be made, as aforesaid, for the better and good m aw* more certain payment and assurance of the said annuity, or yearly sum of one hundred thousand pounds, and for making the said respective revenues, or any of them* or any part thereof, liable thereunto as aforesaid, and for granting, conveying, settling, and alluring, of the said palace, or capital messuage ami appurtenances, house or lodge, lands, tenements, heredita* ments, and other premises, shall be, and are hereby enacted to be good and effectual in the law, according to the tenor and purport thereof, in the said letters patent, indenture or indentures, to be expressed, notwithstanding any restriction, or other notwithstand-matter or thing, contained in the said act of parliament made ing any rein the first year of her late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for in

tbt bitter support of her Majesty's houfbola, and of the honour and 1 Annj5» dignity of the crown, and notwithstanding any restriction, or other matter or thing, contained in the said act made in the ninth or9 Anns, year of her. said late Majesty's reign, for establishing the post office, or in any other act or acts of parliament, and any mif-. recital, non-recital, omission, or other desect, in the said letters patent, indenture or indentures, hereafter to be made, in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Saving to all and every person and persons, bodies politic Refemtion of and corporate, their heirs, executors, administrators, and rights, assigns (other than to the King's Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and other than to such person or persons, who do pr may Hand seised or possessed in trust for his Majesty, his heirs,

6 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

and successors) all such right, tithe, interest, and demand whatsoever, which they, or any of them, have, or may have, of, in to, pr out of, the revenues aforesaid, or any of them, or of in, or to, the said palace, or capital messuage and appuiie nances, house or lodge, lands, tenements, hereditaments, anc premises, as aforesaid, so to be granted as aforesaid, or am part thereof, before the making of this act, as fully and effec*tually, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not beol made; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. II.

An act to repeal so much of an act passed in first year of the reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for the relief of Insolvent debtors, as relates to creditors compelling prisoners charged in execution to deliver up their estates, and to such prisoners being thereupon discharged.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act of parliament was made and passed in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for relief of insolvent debtors: And whereas by the said act any creditor of any prisoner committed, or who Should be committed, and charged in execution, is impowered to compel such prisoner to deliver up his estate and effects in order to his being discharged, in such manner as by the said act is directed: and whereas great inconveniences have arisen from such power being given to creditors as aforesaid; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[The compulsive clause in the recited act repealed.]

That from and after the nineteenth day of November, One thousand seven hundred and sixty one, so much of the said recited act, as relates to creditors compelling prisoners charged in execution to deliver up their estates, and to such prisoners being thereupon discharged, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

[Offences against the recited act, notwithstanding such repeal, may be sued for,]

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to pardon, indemnify, or discharge, any person who hath incurred, or, before the said nineteenth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, shall incur, any penalty or forfeiture,

[and the offenders are made liable to the penalties and forfeitures thereby incurred.]

by committing any offence against the said act made and passed in the said first year of his present Majesty's reign, but that every such offender shall be liable to the forfeitures and penalties incurred, or, before the said nineteenth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to be incurred, under the said act, made and passed in the said first year of his present Majesty's reign, as if the said act had not been repealed, and had continued, in full force.

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 7

CAP. III.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax ta be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, taking into our feriour configuration such expences as are absolutely nuessary for fupv porting ymr Majestfs government, and being refdved tofuppfy the fern, have for that end and purpose cheerfully, and voluntarily given sndg&nUd* and do by this act give and grant unto your Majesty, the feueral andt resptft 'we rates and ajfeflments heriafter mentioned j and toe do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted\ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the aotborirv- of the same. That the sum of two millions thirty 1, 037, 854l. seven meafand eight hundred fifty four pounds, nineteen9 s- and 1 id. stuffing*, and eleven pence, shall be raised, levied, and paid to be ratfedm unto his Majesty, within she kingdom of Great Britain, by such Urcat proportions* and in such manner and form, as hereafter in this act are eaepressed.

And it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, &c. &c.

1, 0*0, 5001, it*, and 9d. to be raised in England in one year from 15th rkrSx7*1. — Personal estate* (except desperate debts, flock on land, InriehriUl goods, and looms to his Majesty^ to pay 48. in the pound. — Eaptoynpcnta of profit (except military officers of the army or navy) to pay 41. per pound. — Pensions and annuities out of the Exchequer, &c. to pay, Lands, tenements, mines, &c. to be charged with equality

aao indifference, See. — Lands, See. subject to relit-charges, annuities, See, — ChmmtiBoners of the land tax for the year 1759, to put this act in execution. — Commissioners to meet on or before the 30th of April, 1762, a* by the act 4 W. and M. and may subdivide themselves, &c. A lift of the tomauffioners to act in each division, to be given to the receivers general. — rCommissioners, to summon fit persons to be assessors, who are to appear before them in' eight days; and then to give them a charge. Per* ism absenting, or refusing to lerve, forfeit, not exceeding 51. nor left than

40 s. Assessors to be two at least, and sufficient inhabitants.-rAflef-

i&eDts to be brought in at a day and place prefixed.-The full sum

charged tb be assessed. — A certificate of the assessment to be brought it mb* the eolleftors names. — Assessors, &c. aieglefting their duty to be M oot above 401. — Assessors to deliver one copy of the affeument*

to the cemimissioners.-Duplicates thereof to be signed*&c. and one de-

fivemd to the collectors, See with warrant for collecting. — Commissionera required to give collectors notice at what time and place the appeal of who shall think himself aggrieved by being over-rated, may be heardnd determined. — A duplicate in parchment to be delivered, together with the names of the assessors and collectors, to the receiver-gtaeral j and one to the remembrancer's office, by Sth August 176a, or twenty'days after (all appeals first determined) — Remembrancer to give receipts gratis on penalty of sol. — The rates to be levied on thf nmek or preraiflesj and to be paid to the receivers-general, See, — sThe B 4 money

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

money cotte&ed to be paid to the receiver-general, or deputies; and they

to give commifSonen notice.--Collectors not obliged to trinwi above

ten miles. —: — Removal or death of receiver-general to be notified to the of.- — -407, 4751. 41. and 8d. 1. q. for the first quarterly payment, to be paid to the receivers by 24th June 176s. the feooed payment oy 19th September 176&. the third payment by 25th December 1762. the hut payment by the 25th March 1763. — Receiver-general within a month after receiving the full /am charged, to give the commissiociers a receipt: which shall be a full discharge for payment. Receivers'general within twenty days to pay the monies into the Exchequer; and to be allowed ad* in the pound. — CoJIe&ors to have 3d. in the pound. Com-ipnifiioners clerks to have three half pence in the pound.--rColk&or*

Say levy by distress, in case of refusal of payment. I>iftrefs to be kept four tys at the owner's charge; then appraised and fold, and the over-plug returned, 81c. Ceramissioners to determine differences about distreb. For want of distress offender may be committed (except a peer or peerefg of Great Britain) — — Tenants to pay the tax, and deduct lo much out of the rents, t — Tenants discharged for what they so pay. Commissioners to settle differences between landlord and tenant. Commissioners to cause all deficiencies to be reassessed, and made good.--Assessor re*

fusing to serve, to forfeit not exceeding 401. fine not to be discharged but by of who imposed it; and levied by distress or imprisonment, luid paid into the Exchequer, and ififerted in the duplicates.--Collec-

tors detaining the money, to be imprisoned, their estates seized and fold,

fee.-- Commissioners to examine whether the luras assessed be duly col*

le&ed, See.--- In case of controversies in aiTdfing of, the

fommissioners concerned to withdraw t in default to be fined, not abov$ ao). — No privileged place or person exempt from this tax. Fee-farm

rents, &c. to be taxed. Tenants to pay the rate*.--Colleges, &c. in

the universities, See. not chargeable: nor the houses or lands, which before the 25th of March 1693. did belong to Christ's hospital, &c. nor corporation of clergymen's Tons, Bromley pollege, or any other hospital or alras-

house.--- No tenants of hospitals, &c. to claim any exemption. —

Such tenants not discharged, who by leases are obliged to pay taxes.

Popuniifioner* to determine how far lands, See. belonging to hospitals.

Sec. not exempted by name, ought to be charged.---- All hospital land*

Ac assessed by 4 W. and M. liable to this aid, and no other.--- Receivers of fee-farm rents, See. to allow 43. per pound to the parties, without fee, on penalty of aol. Auditors, &c. setting tenants in'uper for what ought

to be allowed, or refusing allowance, to forfeit 100l.--- Such fee-farm

rents only to have an allowance of 48. per pound, as are answerxble to the crown, or were purchased according to 22 and 23 Car. ii The owners to allow the same to the party paying.--Lifts of pensions Sec to be delivered gratis to the assessors. Taxes on pensions, &c. not paid, to be stop$ In the Exchequer. A true account to be kept of the money stopt. — Persons to be taxed in the parish where they dwell. — No proviso to lessen the full sum by this act to be levied. — Contracts between landlord and tenant, touching taxes, not to be avoided. — Ail places to pay, where usually assessed. — Wtfi Barnfuld to be assessed in the lathe of Stray, Com. Kent, hfortbmore, Com' Oxon, in Brampton. Charlbury, See in ChadbtgtoHi Leeds, com' Ebor. in Skyrac. dmberfiey, See. com' Wor- in OpwaLj/brw hundred. Parish of Yardiey, in Hal/shire hundred. Forest of Chute, where the first 4s. aid was assessed. Upton, in Perjborg

hundred. Calder and Ape, at Wakefield and Leeds. ---- Inhabitants of

appartments, See. in Somerset house, to be assessed in the same proportions

jvith those in Lancaster liberty.---? General issue. Trehle casu. — 7

Where lands &c. are unoccupied, and no distress found, coUettofl may

didrain at any time after.---? Wood may be cut down, and fold for di-

stref? (Timber-trees excepted)--- Tithes, tolls. Scc. not paid within fix

days after demand, &c. may be seized and fold. — Receiver general returning persons, who have paid the tax, to be in arrear, forfeits treble flamages to the party grieyed, and to his Majesty double the sum so returned. --- Commissioners to assess the assessors. — None compelled to

|>c assessors out of the limits of the city, &c. — Assessments oh foreigfif

ministerq

Anno secundo Georgii III.

mmiftfers hoofcs to be paid4bf the landlords.--In places extraparochbd

axnnmitoners to nominate assessors and collectors, Arc. — — No commissioiu ety Arc. liable to any other penalties than such as are instifted by this act,

- Commiftoneri not to act without taking the oaths by i Geo. i. die*

before oaths taken forfeit soo 1. Officers to pay, where employed, &c, — Officers in' chancery to be assessed in the rolls liberty.* Annuities where rated. Pensions, where payable. Persona! estatet, where persons resident, &c. Persons not householders, where resident. Absent persons to be rated where they were last resident. — Goods, Arc. to be afefled where they shall be. — Persons doubly rated, discharged on cer* dfeate. Not to extend to Scotland, Ireland, Jerfiy, or Guernsey. — W Persons avoiding the tax, charged treble. — House holders to give aip

account of their lodgers, on forfeiture of 5l.--Shares in the New river,

fee. to pay 4 s. per pound. Shares in the Fire offices, and in the lights, and the Ring's printing-house tt> pay 4s. per pound. Merchants, bank

of England, post office, See. to be paid by the governors.-Governors,

Arc. of the river-waters, and water-works refilling to pay, the collectors impowered to levy the sum by distress and sale. — Papilts 18 years of ag* not taking the oaths 1 W. and M. to pay double: unless taken within tea

days after the of first meeting.--- Persons of 18 years of age

rending the oath, to pay double.--Commissioners to summon fufoefted

persons. Sec.--- Quakers to subscribe the declaration 1 W. and M. —

Commissioners to double assess papists, where assessors omit.-Tenants

discharged from double rates. — King's bench, MarshaHea prison, Scc. to be anefied in St. George's parish, See. — Officers of the Marshalfe* court refusing to pay, Arc. collectors by warrant from of may distnun. If no goods sufficient, officers to be imprisoned, — Fleet prison to be assessed in St. Bride's. — - Officers at Stoke Damn!, near Plymouth, to be assessed within the town of Plymouth, Sec. — Officers of thenospital at Safi Stonehouse, to be assessed also within the town of Plymouth, sol. to be nand out of the sum assessed on the said officers, in aid of the assessment on Saji Stonehouse. — Water-works in Southwark to be assessed in Surrey* --- Water-works in Westminster to be assessed there. Offices, Sec.

in Whitehall and St. James's to be there assessed. — Collectors of the water-works in Colchester chargeable. Collectors for the water-works in

Hew Wbtdjer, chargeable.--- Patent officers to bishopricks to pay where

assessed in 1693. — Commissioners appointed to act, without subdividing the parish of St Andrew Holborn, in. Middlesex. The parish of St. Georgs Hanover-fipsare to be charged with difbnft Quota from the parish of St. Martin's in the fields. Debates arising concerning the joint Quota, the commissioners who are inhabitants of either parish to withdraw, or to be fined a sum not exceeding sol. — The parishes of St. John, St. Petor, and Bercbington, to be charged in Dover liberty, according to the assess-

aeent 4 W. and M.--- Lands not worth aos. per annum not chargeable,

- CoQeftors keeping monies in their hands, to forfeit 40l. - — Re-r-general misapplying the monies to forfeit 5001.»Commission-

of the treasury, ox. not to divert the payments into the Exchequer. —, No Nab frvfbqui, Sec. in any suit against this act. - — Commissioners to abate, where lands are over charged, and to re-assess, Arc. or raise it on persons undercharged. — Receiver-general answerable for deputies. Sub collector not to travel above ten miles. Arc. Receivers i\ot nominating deputies. Arc. to forfeit iool. — Commissioners for the county at# large may act for any city. Arc. — Mayors, bailiffs Arc. to act as commiflkm-ers specially appointed. — Members of parliament to be taxed at their pmfion-hoo^. — First meeting for the West riding of York at Ponte-fraB\ North riding, at Thirflt; East riding at Beverley. — No coih-

mbfioner capable to act in any county at large; unless rated at iool. per annum (Merioneth, Cardigan, Arc. excepted) Commissionen for Anglesea, Arc. to act, if Tated at 601. perannum. — Commissioners, may act for any city, being inhabitants, or inns of court. Arc. Attornies Arc. not to fie of, without possessing iool. per annum. No commissioner of the city of London, or liberty of St. Martin le grand to act, unless rated at soL per annum of his own estate, Arc. — No commissioner of the city, Arc. of Westminster to act, unless sated at aol. per annum of his own

eftat€«

Anno secundo Georgii III.

itc, j!j.s FcrfoPf disabled psefuming to, aft, to fncfeif.50l. — r — Coir

Jeftors of the new water-works ip Exon, chargeable, - Her Majestjr.

the Queen not chargeable; nor her royal Highness the Prince fs dowager of jfiihs.nor his royal Highneikthe Duke, of Cumberland, nor the-prince fs Amelia, — -- Superannuated Tea-officers not to pay, &£ nor poor.

knights of Windfcr. — ? — < — Residentiaries, in whajt cases not chargeable*, por 190 k per annurp to the pqof clergy of the die of Man:, nor pages of honour, — Trr — Epee vers general to give notice of failures jin payment of the taxes.--- tCommissioners for Lincoln, to act in Lincoln cio{ei and*

for ftie county, in St. Martin in Siaaejord baron - — r Auditor to keep* register, &c. — Deputies to pay for principals, and; or Kqpnpayinettt liable to di/lrefs.-7^r — Receiver-general to give a list of money received, fry him, at the time and place appointed, On, refusal to forfeit any Aim

ript exceeding aoL---. Collpapcs may keep fq much money as any two

jsoromissioners. jqdge reafoqable. — T-- — tyo^eceiver to return an infnper upon any county. See. after three years, for monies. in arrear; but the same to be a de^, Eun and his securities. — Sheriff, on writs of distringeu*

tp, return.ilfpes after the rate of 51, per cent, of the sum set an itifnper 2 and procqfs.to, j{j-uc thereupon, &c. — -r-Water-works iq Shrewsbury charge-

able.--- — Who shall have the benefit oqjy of overplus sums uncharged*

- Clause for t^e eafje of urotestants, to whom lands, &c. have come*

which have been, doubly taxed. Where lands doubly taxed are liable only, to a single affefiincntj Commissioners on cqmplaint to examine into tb^ truth thereof and tp certify the same tq the barons of the Exchequer, before 19th $tpJfml#t+\jfo \ who are to discharge the overplus before the h^t day of 'Number 176/*? Certificates of the lumsdischarged to be pi oduced

to the coinmdfionery at their next meetings ---- Commissioners may

summon col|qftors, whp have converted Jandtax monies to their own ide»

f their heirs, Seqf and)?*?, examination may issue their warrants for paying; cb iqonjes to his, Maie$y.'s ufjB. — The payments made according tQ e con>Tpi|hbhfn; s grants, &c, shall be discharges to theucoUeftors* on their hqirs, Ax. — Coijeftors not payings may be. imprisoned, and, their eftatqs* feiwid and fold.: 7 Arrears of former land-taxes to b*

levied, by the prerent of.--- — No receiver-general, or hi*

agents, may sue the county fqf* a robbery* unless tb< persons carrying, tb*

i at leait in

money be in company, apd three;

in number.

Tolls or dp-Com-r

ties on turnpikes, not chargeable by this or any former act. mi/fioqers m*y» before 19th September 1762, summon assessors; who have npt f ha^ed theip eftatiBS £nce 6th Mpj 1717, and examine them upon oatly and award, satisfactiop, to be levied and paid to tlje collectors. — r — rCorn-njifiioners, &c. to distinguish and set down the grots fqms asseFed for double taxes, to be tjanfmifted in the Exchequer. — Afteflmeota on thp town of Cambridge to be raised on manors, &c. and of fishing* Sec. on the riyer

Cam* — --- Qn, whom and when, yearly assessments on fairs, Sqc % to be:

collected. Distress on default of payment how to be levied. Tenants of bpofbs*(^cr to pay the rat^ apd dedudl them, out of their rqnts, .&c, 47, 9^4.1'. is. zd. to be raised in Scotland, by an 8 raootji?, of 5, 934.1. $s. } a. 3 q. per menfeip, to be rated as the tax roll now is, or shall be settled, by themselves. — --- The first two months cess to be paid by 24th of

June, 176a, fecqnd, 19th.September 1761, third x5th December ijbt, fourth' X$tb March 1.76 3.-^rr--r-.Commissiqpei-s for putting this act in execqtjoui in Scotland, Tamq as fop the act yj C/p.Ji.&c. And execution to be done as by the iaid aft. Firil meeting to, be atjhe bead, burghs of jpth April, 1, 76a. — rrr- ^UT clauses iii former acts relating to the bringing ih thp eels, &ct to, beUn^wll focce.1--- No personss in Scotland bolden to pro-d^ceJtheir. receipt^ aftqr. 3 years, r — rrr-Debton owing mqney.in Scotland ail5 per cent^toret^ip.a, 6th4>aft, of Apey cent*, fnqiu nth Apv..ij6t, to j ith Mwo.176^ 4^, 954.1.1 s. 2d. to be raised free of alt charges, an^l to bp paid at Edinburgh, — rNp.person to be a commissioner of the latjd tax ip, Scotland, who.is not enf^oft of iqol. ScoU, per annum real relit an the county' where he afta, Excepdopf Commissionerx in Scotland tq take tfio oa^hs, and subscribe the assurance. — - —: Pirovo^ &c. of any royal bo-

rqugh may act as a commissioner -- Clause of loan at 41. per cent. — -1

liles ofloan to beftruck^ % Or^ra rpgiliered; and paid In tourse. Nq

fee

Anno secundo Georgii III.

rt

Nb tmtftie

be for regiftfcfing^&c. Penalty for iradbe; preference, preference, where tatties are dated or brougnrthe same day: nor if subSequent orders be paid before such as were not demanded in course.

- Orders sAgnabte. ---- Commissioners of the treasury impowered

to prepare any n amber of Exchequer bills of one common sum. or differ-eat tans, in the principal monies. BtHs to bear interest at af per ctrtt.

per nwsir These oilk to be numbered arithtoetically. — 1-Treasury to

direct the-courfr of payment for loans or Exchequer bills, and to appoint cheque*, dec. — The bills to be placed as cadi in the Exchequer, and to heiftuable't hereout in common with other monies, and to be current sssbe rtwn«: Receivers' to exchange bills for ready money. — Tallies to beleoied for -bills lent into the Exchequer. — Interest to continue >sift-p*pmtfat. — interest1 to cease Whilfr the bills are hr the hands of re-

otitesa, iic.- — -lls paid to receivers, &c. so be signed and dated. Ih-tetoft ao be allowed to the said days. The bills may be rtlflued, bosh

for* principal 'Xnd interest. — Receivers to keep a book. — --- Bffls

fiUed asp by Htdorfements, or defaced, -to be exchanged.- — Bills not

cxoeeding ^oooo i. each to be made forth at the Exchequer. ---- Forging

Exchequer bills, felony. — - — How the monies arising by this act shall be applied. - Treasdry on9 Sept. 1763, to take an account of all monies xaded and dxfebarged — Unfetisfied movies to be paid out of the next

aid, or ontoftbe noking fund. - Commissioners to appoint persons to pay offpriadpal sums, which shall from time totime be in course of payment apOn Exchequer bilb.--' — Money, asbrdught in, to be paid to the

paymasters.- -.....pills to be registered in course. When interest to

Pmymasters liable to the covitroul of the treasury.-Treasury

to Attic friaries of clerks, See. and to contract with persons to circulate kalis, dbc. - Contractor a not disabled from being members of parlia-

ntitt. — May'kwer or raise the interest with consent of the treafory, CoutnAors how to* be paid. No fee to be taken. No interest for "tett than one penny.' — -- Charges to be paid out of the sinking fund: to be

repfaccd out of the first suppliet --Clause of relief for bills loft Or

defttoyed- Bills discharged to be cancelled. ---- Sinking fund appro -

Hated to dyfoharge national debts incurred before Dec, 1716.

bcficaency of the land tax 33 Gto.\\. how to be fapplieti.

CAP. IV.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malty mum, cyder, and perry, for the service

the year one thousand seven hundred two.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

\T^pur Majesty's most dutiful and loyal fabjetts, the corrimom

vXaf Great Britain, in parliament towards

the necejptry Supplies to defray your Majesty's expectes, have

freely, and voluntarily refofued to give and grant unto your Majesty He rates, duties, and impositions herein afier mentioned; and do most

humbly befeeehyour Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by tbt Xing's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice oad -content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, 4fc <hw-present parliament assembled, and by the authority «Vf the £tm6, That Within and throughout that part of Great SriuSn: ieSSkd England, Wales, and town of Btru/tek upon Tiered, &e. Sic.

Malt

act of 1 XJeo. hi. further continued to 24th 1761. in Scotland to pay jdper buflid. Mum 10 s. per barrel. Cyder and per-ryutUtin forwfc, 41. per hog&cad. How these duties are to be raised.

Anno secundo Georgii III.

r — 10, 0001. to be raised in Scotland. Surplus to be added to the fish* eriet, &c. — This act to idate to the same day and time, as the act i Geo. III. did — Malt brought from Scotland by sea, to be entered at the port of landing t brought by land, to be entered at Borwick or Carlr/k.

- Cyder for distilline not chargeable. Distiller to give notice to the

officer when he distils cyaer.--Allowances for exportation of malt.

i W. and M. On certificate of malt being exported, and security, allowance to be paid. Penalty on relanding, over and above the penalty of the bond, all the malt and treble the value forfeited.--Malt steeping for

exportation to be kept separate till measured. Malfters to give notice to

officers, &c. ---- Penalty on opening the locks, &c. after malt is measured. See, --- Malfters, on a+th Jwu 176a, to clear out of their ware-

housevall malt within fifteen months. And so all future malfters. — -. Clauses in aft n Amu and 6 Geo. i. 5 s. per buihel penalty on all com steeping or steeped for malt, which shall be found in the ciftem or couch, so hard and compact as it could not be, unless the same had been forced together to prevent the riling. — iool. penalty on fraudulently conveying from the ciftem any steeping of com, and mixing the same with other com charged with duty in the couch; or fraudulently conveying the same away, so that no gauge of such corn can be taken in the couch.

- Penalties how to be recovered.--- Buyers of cyder or perry for

their private use not to be charged.-Persons felling less than so galions,

to be deemed mailers. ---- Ckufe of loan at 4l. per cent. Tallies of

loan to be (truck* &c. Orders registered and paid in course. No fee for registering, &c. Penalty for undue preference. No undue preference,

where tallies are dated or brought the same day j nor if subsequent orders be paid before such as were not demanded in course. Orders affigo-.able. — Commissioners of the treasury impowered to prepare any number of one common <sum, cr different sums, in the principal monies.

Bills to bear interest at 4l. per cent, per annum. Thete bills to be numbered arithmetically. Treasury to direct the course of payment for loans or Exchequer bills, and to appoint cheques, &c. — The bills to

be placed as cam in the Exchequer. — ^Clauses in the land fax aft re-.lating to Exchequer bills, extended to this. -- How the monies arising;

by this act shall be applied.--- Treasury on the 19 Sett. 1763, to take

an account of all monies raised and discharged. Unfinished monies to be paid out of the next aid, or out of the sinking fund, to be replaced out of the first supplies.--Deficiency of the malt tax 33 Geo. 11. how to be

supplied. Arrears of former duties to be applied in aid of the suppbea.granted for the year 1761.

Cap. y.

An act for more effectually preventing the excessive use of

rituous liquors for borne consumption, by laying additional duties upon spirits made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and for better regulating and encouraging the exportation of British made spiritand for securing the payment of the duties upon spirituous liquors.

WHEREAS by an act made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the tituled, An act for preventing the use of spirituous

by laying additional duties thereon; for the prohibition of

making low wines and spirits from wharley, or other grain,

and from meal, flour, and bran;

British made spirits; and for more effectually securing the duties payable upon spirits, and preventing the fraudulent relanding or tation thereof additional duties were laid upon

otbtr

Anno secundo Georgii III.

*1

t tenmegflablijUdnin*rdea, by continuing-£oP Bgnest, fOfrrinntthe txcefht use tonfimp-

wwdt, at ike same piste. tifat the exportation of spirituous Iifuors «w

*« W to he encouraged; and whereas tome the provisions made by

fofoid alt do left tend to inhenotibe price ofmade for. tn-

whKiaf^WaaHbr frite of -theft made for 'home 'consumption and fkereas thefrtfent method ofsubjefling fp made for exportation

Uahc\pnyment of duties^ and in confederation thereof granting draiv-M» OraUotoaneet upon, exportation, has been found to be attended ydb Worry inconveniences: in order therefore more effectually to terry \em the wife and fahtary purpofts of the by

ingm more convenient method of encouraging the exportation of spiri-mtmrhfuon, endat the same time effectually any in-

trnejfr of the Use thereoffbr home eanfumptionA&y it your

Mpftfljtkqf U may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moftexceftott Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of th&4ofdai'foi ritual umd temporal, and cotnmons, in this pre*

" liMaent assembled and by the authority of the same,

--h iphd^after the twenty first day or, one al duties fbl-

tven hundred and sixty two, there shall be raised, lowing laid on I wild, eoilested, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and Spirituous li-fieedEirs, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for the fevapti kinds Of spirituous liquors herein after mentioned, int^tlreat spened, and enumerated, which.flwll be made in Great Britain, not tow for home consumption, or imported into Great Britain from being the pro* parts beyond the seas-^nOt being the produce of the British co- £u" lookaj'pver.and above all duties, charges, and impositions by n", 1. tot^ aay former act or acts of parliament thereupon respectively set, place from and nnposed, the several additional rates and duties of and after at exriWlrpreih after mentioned and eJcpfeffed j that is to say, Jaiui 76a.

Fbr every gallon of low wines, or spirits of the first extrac-.. tien, made or drawn from any sort of drink or wash brewed Or l he utie*" made from any sort of mah or corn, or from brewers wash or tihs, or any mixture with such brewers walh or tilts, to be paid by the diftdiers oi' nlakers thereof, One penny.

Pmreverf jpilpn of strong wahers or Aqua Vitae, made for sale of foe material* aforesaid, or any of them, to be paid by the di-(Blfo(s.or maJtefs thereof. Three pence.

Rot, ev$y. gallon of low wines, or spirits of the first extraction, umic or drawn in Great Britain from any foreign or imported materials; or any mixture therewith, to be paid by the diflilia* ormakxra thereof, Three pence.

Faraway ffdhmafrfpirto madcor.drawa in Great Britain, fram mny foreign or-imported materials, <er uhy mixture there-uhk^ta be paidd>]Mhtodift3ier» oiumkers there of, X wo pence.

Far evecygattonvof low wines, or spirits of the first extraction, made bc dmmsfcom.cydec, orany fort or kind of British BiaMwla (except Unde befiorementioaed) or any mixture there-ri«h, 'tb.be.paid by therilftiilers- or makers thereof. One peny Three farttongx.'

14 Anno secundo Georgii III. f i j6t.

For every gallon of spirits made for sale, from cyder or any fort or kind of British materials, (except those before mentioned,) to be paid by the distillers or makers thereof. Two pence.

For every gallon of single brandy spirits or Aqua Vibe* imported into Great Britain from beyond the seas, not being the produce of the British colonies, to be paid by the importer before landing. Six pence.

For every gallon of brandy spirits or Aqua Vita above proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported into Great Britain from beyond the seas, not being the produce of the British colonies, to be paid by the importer before landing. One shilling.

Duties inEng. D. And for the better ascertmning, charging, collecting, rai/ing, land to be levying, and securing the rates and duties by this act imposed under the re- on the said spirituous liquors, and preventing frauds therein, be ceipt and jt farther enabled by the authority aforesaid, That such of the 5*t5?com- rates and duties by this act granted, as are charged upon mi dinners spirituous liquors made, extracted, and manufactured in, or and officers imported into England, Wales % or the town of Beruvici upon cx^fc Tweedy shall be under the receipt and management of the com-AndC those in m*flioners and officers of his Majesty's revenue of excise in Eng-Scodand, un- land for the time being; and such of the said rates and duties der the com- as are imposed by this act, upon spirituous liquors made, ex-missioners and tracted, and manufactured in, or imported into Scotland, shall be cifethere f* under the receipt and management of the of and officers of excise in Scotland for the time being; and the said and they are respective commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, impowered to have hereby power by commission, under their respective hands Sr officers° an(* f«ds, to constitute and appoint under them such officers as under them in shall be necessary in that behalf; and all monies arising by the that behalf, said duties in Great Britain, or any part thereof (the necessary The monies^ charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall

by are to be" time to time* Pa* into rcceiI. of his Majesty's ex-paid into the chequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other exchequer at branches of the public revenue; and shall be subject and li-Westminster, ahJe to such uses, applications, and purposes, as shall by any Jfother r°m ^ure act or acts of parliament be directed or appointed, branches of

III. And whereas try a clause in the said act of parliament passed the public in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty King revenue*. George the Second, recittngy that whereas many evils had arisen to the public by reason of the compounding or rectifying of spirits, by persons practising the trade or business of making or distilling spirits from corn or grain 5 it was therefore enacted, Clause in the That from and after the twenty first day of April, one thousand aft 33 Geo. a. seven hundred and sixty, if any person practising the trade or prohibiting business of making, extracting, or distilling low wines or fpi-to compound rits? ^rom corn* or any tnixturc therewith, or having

or rectify fpi- any interest, share, or property, in any such trade or business, rit* into gin Should directly, or indirectly, either by him or herself, or any or brandy. other person or persons in trull, or for his or her benefit, rectify, compound, or make, any sort of spirits into the liquor

*5

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III.

commonly called Gin, or into brandy, or any other compound spirituous liquors whatsoever, every such person Should, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the lum of one hundred pounds; and that the heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, of any person who Should, after the said twenty first day of April) one thousand seven hundred and sixty, have been guilty of the offence aforesaid, Should not be intitled unto, or main-, tain any cause, action, or suit, for recovery, either in law or equity, of any sum or sums of money, debt, or demand whatsoever, on account or by reason of any interest or property in, or profit or advantage arising in respect of, spirits, made, extracted, or distilled, from corn or grain, or any rectified or compounded spirituous liquors whatsoever: and whereas it is thought expedient to answer the purposes of this act) to repeal the same clause: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said recited clause, and every part thereof, shall, from and after the is repealed, said twenty first day of January) one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, be, and the same is hereby repealed, and made null and void to all intents and purposes. 1

IV. And) for the more effectual securing the payment of the n0 dilHHer, duties upon spirits; it is hereby enabled and declared by the au- re&ifier, or thority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty first day of dealer in fpi-January) one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, no person Flts* ma*vc or persons who shall either make or rectify any spirits for sale, fDmany still or who shall fell or deal in any fort of spirituous liquors, shall have or ftillsf which in his, her, or their custodyorpo(session, orinthecustodyor poflef- separately, or fion of any other person or persons in trust, or for the use or be- together* j!1*1* nefit of him, her, or them, any still or number of (tills, unless than^oogal-such still if a single one, or such (tills taken together if more Ion*, on penal-than one, shall contain at the lead one hundred galions, on pain ty of 100L

to forfeit for every such still the sum of one hundred pounds 5nd the _ and that such (tills as shall contain separately less than one hun- Jerfized ftiUs dred gallons shall be all placed in one room or workhouse, on are to be pain to forfeit for every such (till not so placed, the like sum of placed in one one hundred pounds; and every person and persons who shall, [.9°m UIMjcr«after the said twenty first day of January, one thousand sevenperfSw5c> hundred and sixty two, fell or deal in any liquors which are shall deal in chargeable with any duty of excise, and who shall also make or exciseable li-distilany (pints, shall be deemed and taken, and is and are 9u?.rs» hereby oeclared to be a common distiller or distillers for sale, Sif spiri^ are and is and are hereby required to enter his, her, and their (till declared to be and ftflls, and shall be liable to be charged with, and to pay for, commondiftR-all low wines and spirits made by them the several rates and ler*5 and are duties of excise charged by this, and all and every former act ^"^ndpay or acts for laying duties upon low wines or spirits, and be sub- duties accoro-jest to the survey of the officers of excise, and to the several ingly. penalties and forfeitures imposed by this or any former act or acts of parliament now in force, in any wise relating to distillers.

V. And) for the better encouraging the exportation of spirits wash and made in Great Britain; be it therefore enacted by the authority 1

t6 Anno secundo Georgii III. [ iy6t.

therefrom* aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty first day of Ja-made for so- nuary, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, no wash ation Careex-which shall be brewed or made for the making of low wines, in empted from order to extract spirits for exportation to parts beyond the seas, the duties of nor any such low wines or spirits, shall be charged or charge-excise able with any duty or duties of excise granted by* this or any former act or acts of parliament for laying of duties upon low and no draw- wines or spirits; and that from thenceforth all and fevery drawbacks or al- back, allowance, and bounty, which hath been given or grant-lowances are ed by any former act or acts of parliament on the exportation of thereon for made spirits, to parts beyond the seas, whether payable by the future} the commissioners of excise or customs, shall epase, and be no longer payable or paid; any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend to wererti i ppeef8 Prevent payment of the drawbacks, allowances, and bounties,

&c. for ex^'for such spirits as shall have been really and bona fide shipped or portation.be- sent coastways in order for exportation, before the said twenty tore i Jan. first <jay of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, 176a, &c. and which had been tried and ascertained according to the di-redions of the said recited act.

Every difHller

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That of spirits for fr°rci and after the said twenty first day of January, one thou-exportation sand seven hundred and sixty two, all and every distdler and is previously distillers who shall be desirous of making or diddling spirits for the^cfxt^f- exPortation» shall, four days at the lead before he, me, or they fice of excise, foaH begin to brew any corn or grain, or to mix any other materials for the making of vtafh to be diddled into low wines, in order to extract spirits for exportation, make a true and particular entry in writing at the next office of excise, within the limits whereof his, her, or their workhouse, dillhouse, store-house, warehouse, or other place for diddling or keeping wash, low wines, or spirits, is or shall be situate, of all and every and other vef- copper, ton, wash-back, cask, or other vessel, which h$, fels which he or they shall make use of for the brewing, diddling, work-Shall make use ing, making, laying, or keeping, any worts, wash, low wines?, of».or spirits, and also of the casks or vessels which every such distiller or distillers shall make use of for the brewing, holding, or keeping of the after-runnings or feints from the second extraction which shall, from time to time, be drawn from every fuefi nd his work- > and also of all and every workhouse, dillhouse, storehouse, houses and warehouse, or other place, by him, her, or them used for the warehouses, preparing, diddling, or keeping, wash, low wines, or spirits;

anc*n entl7 shall insert the day when he, she, or they, begin to shall intend to begin first to brew any corn or grain, or to work; mix any other materials for the making of wash to be diddled

and is from into low wines in order to extract spirits for exportation; and at^rwardTto afterwarc's from time to time, during the continuance of give due no- such entry, give or leave notice in writing at the said office of tice to the excise, or with the officer of excise for the division or place proper officer, where such spirits are intended to be made, four hours at the

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. if

least before he, she, or they shall begin any such subsequent before he (halt brewing or mixing; and shall insert in such notice the hotfr !^/-n anyt When he, she, or they shall intend to begin; and shall also, from Yimeto time, during the continuance ofluch entry, give or leave and a like ncA Mice in writing at the said excise office, or with the said officer tice before he excise, four hours at the lead before arty wash is pumped up, ftal1 PumP gr otherwise conveyed into the dill or dills, and shall insert ill % ch notice the hour when he, she, or they, shall intend to be- ftjuf gin: and if he, she, or they shall neglect or refuse to malce such entry as aforesaid, or shall not insert in such erftry the day whens lie, (he, or they shall intend fird to brew arty corrt or grain, or to mix any other materials for the making of wash as aforesaid, ' or to give such respective notices as aforesaid, or to Insert in such notices respectively the hour when he, she, or they shall intend to begin his, her, or their respective operation as aforesaid; every such distiller and didiliers, for every such offence, shall forfeit and lose the sum 6f one hundred pounds: and if, after DifHHer not such entry so made, such distiller or distillers shall not begin and proceed to brew, or mix his materials as aforesaid, on the day tfay° mentioned in such entry, or within four hours next afterwards; and hotfrs or having given such notice or notices as aforesaid shall n6t mentioned in begin and proceed in such respective operations at the hour, and

and time or times, mentioned in such respective notices, or in n°*

two hours next afterwards; then every such entry and notice is to make a fhaD be, and is and are hereby declared to be, mill and voidj fresh entry, and every such distiller and distillers shall be obliged to make a and give trefli Srdh and like entry, or to give a ffe(h and like notice or noticed as aforesaid: and in case any such distiller or distillers shall begiii therein ? to brew any com of grain, 6r td mix arty materials for the pur- on penalty of pose aforesaid, or shall pump up or otherwise convey, or cause xo°^ or suffer to be pumped up of otherwise conveyed, any wish into the dill or stills, without making such frefltentry, in case the fird be- N6Jl£ P*.ame void, or giving such fresh notice or notices respectively, in may^nteror case such fird notice or rtotices shall respectively become void: give notice, then, and in every such case, such distiller and distillers so of- wh'ofe walh-fending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of will not One hundred pounds. elon" am?

VIII. Provided always, that nothing herein Contained shall fbe spirit of extend to permit or authorize arly distiller or distillers to enter of low wine-ftilf give notice of his intention to make (pints for exportation, whose 8o* fi^n*, Vrafh-still will not contain one thousand fik hundred gallons', and the spirit or low wine-dill eight hundred galions; neither into shall any distiller or distillers be intituled or permitted to didil (pints all the (pints for exportation, although he may have made an entry as a?d?w aforesaid, unless he, she, or they shall actually have diddled into spirits all the wash and low wines in his, her, or their cuf- home con-tody or possession for the making of spirits for home eonfump- fumption +S don, at lead forty eight hours before the day mentioned in such hours before fcntry. the day men-

IX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-ntry!

said,

18 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

When the That when any such distiller or distillers shall be desirous of di-Mling any spirits for home consumption, and shall have achi-5ts for ex- ally distilled into spirits all the wash, low wines, and feints, in portation shall his, her, or their custody or possession, for the making of fpi-diitilied, rits for exportation, and such spirits shall be locked up in the ritflockeSa 'varc^ou^e as herein after is directed; he, she, or they, may the distiSer* vvhhdraw his, her, or their entry for exportation, and mall be may withdraw at liberty to make a fresh and like entry for making spirits for his entry for home consumption; and at the expiration of six days after such exportation, entry macJe> it shall and may be lawful for such diiiiller and di-try a*newCfbr fleers to begin to brew or mix materials for walh to be distilled home con- into spirits for home consumption: and if any such distiller or fhm^tien, and distillers shall begin to brew or mix materials for wash to be withm 6 days distilled into spirits for home consumption, without having made operations ac- ^ch entl7> or contrary to any of the directions of this clause, he cordingly; shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two and it he acts hundred pounds.

cntr^7tcr

X. And, for the preventing of frauds, which distillers for ex-tiens be7or- Portation may commit, by privately removing and concealing feits 100l. the walh, low wines, or spirits: and in order that the officer Walh for fpi- may obtain true gauges of the same; it is hereby further en-rits forexpor- a<sted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said pumped taT twenty day of January, one thousand seven hundred and into the (till sixty two, no walh that shall be brewed or mixed for the exact the presence trading spirits for exportation, shall be pumped up into the dill fan officer; or fti]ls, or otherwise removed from the back or vessel wherein whes^mm-- ^ame was fermentec^ butn the presence of an officer of ex-diately run off on any pretence whatsoever; and all and every such di-into an enter- stiller and distillers shall, and is and are hereby required to run, ed vessel, and or draw off his, her, or their low wines immediately from the Lau^ed^and1 Ml, into an entered vessel or vessels only, and to continue a proper cask them therein, so that the officers of excise may take a true gauge entered and of such low wines; and such distiller and diitillers shall each of

gauged, iiif- them provide a proper cask, which shall be duly entered and ficient to con- gaUgec^ jnt0 which the spirits shall run immediately from the ektraftec^ isS MI 5 which cask shall be sufficient to contain the whole proto beprovid- duce of spirits to be extracted from each (till when made up to ed; and when the proper strength such spirits are required to be; and when the whole is tjle quantity of spirits shall be collected in such cask from

spirits are to eac^ still, all and every such distiller and distillers shall, and is be ipade proof and are hereby required immediately to make up such spirits^ in the pre- in the presence of the officer of excise, to the strength of one to fence of the ft* uncjer hydrometer proof; and a true gauge of such spirits so made up shall then be taken by the officer of excise, who shall keep an exa<ft account thereof; and such spirits, and every part thereof, shall immediately afterwards be put into casks, and secured in the presence of the officer of the excise, in a warehouse or warehouses to be provided and duly entered at the proper office of excise, and kept for that purpose by and at the expence and approved of such distiller and distillers, which spirits shall be kept there warehouse, separate and apart from all spirits made for home consumption

and

officer, and

gauged by im; and afterwards put in casks, and secured in his jj-efence in iome entered

Anno secundo Georgii III.

19

and no spirits for home consumption shall be put into the same under three warehouse; and such warehouse and warehouses shall be secured j°cksndr under three locks and three keys to each warehouse into Which the said spirits shall be carried; one of those locks to be provi- for homecon-tfed by such distiller, and the other two locks to be provided by fumption, the surveyor, supervisor, or officer of excise, of the division or place where the said spirits rtiall be locked up, at the expence of such distiller; whereof one key of each place shall be kept oy such distiller, and another by such surveyor or supervisor, and the third by such officer of excise, until the same spirits shall be y jci]VCred delivered out for rectification, or afterwards for exportation: out for rec. which warehouse and warehouses, shall be made well and fuf- tification or fidendy secure to the satisfaction and approbation of the respect exportation l thre surveyors or supervisors of excise for the time being, in whose division or district any such warehouse or warehouses shall be situate, whose approbation thereof, shall be signified in writing, under the hands of such surveyors or supervisors 5 and the rapeftive surveyors or supervisors, are hereby required to at- an(j tj, c fur. tend, on reasonable notice to them given by the respective di- veyors are to (fillers in order to view the same: and if any distiller or distilkrs Vlew, and sign for exportation shall, contrary to the directions of this act, pump up into the still or stills, or otherwise remove any such^war£. wash as aforesaid, from the back or vessel wherein the same was houses. fermented, but in the presence of an officer of excise, or shall Distiller a£-not ran off, or cause to be run off, his, her, or their low wines ^ontray immediately from the still into an entered vessel or vessels only, r£&i0ns, or shall not continue the same in such entered vessel or vessels, so that the officers of excise may take a true gauge of stich low wines, or shall neglect or refuse to provide a proper cask into which the spirits shall run immediately from the still as aforesaid, or to enter such cask, or shall run off any spirits, from the still into any cask, except such cask herein before directed to be provided, or shall, when the whole quantity of spirits shall be collected as aforesaid, neglect or refuse immediately to make up, in the presence of the officer of excise, such spirits to the strength of one to fix under hydrometer proof; or shall by any ways or means prevent, hinder or obstruct the officer of or obstruCHng excise, from taking a gauge or gauges of the w&fh, low wines, the officer in*or spirits, or to take a semple or lamples of them, or any of the gauging, them, or to try the proof of the spirits (which gauges, femples, t*k', n8 ,m" and trials of proof they are hereby impowered to take and make, oAry-as often as the commissioners of excise for the time being shall i£g the proof, diretft, and which femples shall be returned by the officers of &c. excise, to the respective traders when the of of ex-tise shall find it expedifcrit to give directions for that purpose) or shall neglect or refuse, immediately after the spirits are so made up to the strength aforesaid, to put such spirits into casks, and secure the same, in the presence of the officer of excise, in a warehouse or warehouses according to the directions of this act, or shall neglect or refuse to provide and keep a warehouse or warehouses for that purpose, or to secure the same weH and

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

or if he shall open any of the locks in the absence of the officer.

or make any way into such warehouse.

or alter the condition thereof without giving notice to the surveyor,

and his con-fen t be first had;

or shall clandestinely re* move any of the (pints}

or waft, or low wines, &c.

shall forfeit cool.

Spirits made for exportation may be sent by the maker to the distiller, bond being first given for the due exportation thereof, and leave also had from the of, and notice given to the officer.

sufficiently, according to the directions of this act, or to provide and keep such warehouse and warehouses with locks and key! for securing such spirits for exportation as aforesaid, or to erttej such warehouse or warehouses for that purpose at the proper office of excise, or shall make use of any warehouse or warehouse! or other place or places for keeping spirits for exportation, before the lame shall have been first approved of, according to the directions of this act, or shall put into or keep in, such warehouse, or warehouses, any spirits made for home consumption or if any such distiller or distillers, or any other person or persons whatsoever by his, her, or their order, privity, connivance, or direction, after any such spirits shall have been locked up and secured in any warehouse or warehouses for keeping spirits for exportation, mall open any of the locks or doors in the absence of the proper surveyor or supervisor and officer of excise, or shall make any way or kind of entrance into any such warehouse or warehouses, or shall remove any part whatever of the partition between any warehouse or warehouses for keeping spirits for exportation, and any other place or places whatsoever next thereunto adjoining, or shall, after any such warehouse or warehouses shall have been so approved of as aforesaid, make any addition to, or any way alter the same, without notice first given to the proper surveyor or supervisor of excise of such intended addition to, or alteration in, such warehouse or warehouses, and his consent in writing first had and obtained for the same; or shall remove any of the said spirits from any locked warehouse or warehouses to any other warehouse or warehouses for keeping spirits for expoxtation before the same be taken out either for immediate reftification or to be immediately put on ship-board, and exported to parts beyond the seas; or mall, by any art, contrivance, or device whatsoever, remove, convey away, or conceal, or cause, procure, or suffer to be removed, conveyed away, or concealed, any of the wash, or low wines for making spirits for exportation, or any such spirits whether raw or rectified, either before the same are put into the warehouse or warehouses, or afterwards; then, and in each and every such case, such distiller and distillers for every such offence, shall forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred pounds.

XL. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to hinder any maker of spirits for exportation from fending such spirits out of his locked up warehouse to any other distiller, provided such maker of spirits fending the same, and the distiller who shall receive the same, do, before such spirits are taken out of the warehouse, give bond with sufficient security, to be approved of as any other security is directed by this act to be approved, in double the value of such spirits, and double the duties they would have been liable to, if made for home consumption, for the due and fair exportation of such spirits, within thiee months next after the date of each respective bond, and provided leave for that purpose be first obtained in writing

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 21

from the commissioners of excise for the time being, and that notice thereof shall have been given to the officer of excise, twenty four hours at the least, in order that such officer may receive the same into such distiller's stock; and provided such and Co as the spirits be removed with a proper certificate from an officer of same be re-excise 5 and when such spirit, shall be so received by such distiller, the same shall be under the like directions as to the rec- &c#

tificadon and exportation thereof, and all other matters and and distiller is things, as if such spirits had been rectified and exported by the thereafter li- maker thereof; and such distiller shall, for breach of any of a^to those directions, be subject to the like penalties as the maker of tfeTfc^breaeh such spirits would have been for the like offences. of directicms,

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- as the maker laid. That from and after the said twenty first day of January', have

one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, no raw unrectified fpi- cn* rits, shall be permitted to be exported; and when any such di- Raw, unreo stiller or distillers, for exportation, shall be desirous to take any tified (pints of his, her, or their spirits, out of any of the said warehouses, to

where the same shall be locked up, in order to be rectified, or* cxpo when rectified, and again deposited in such warehouse or ware- Distiller to houses, in order to be put immediately on ship-board for ex- give due no. partition, he, she, or they, shall thereof give notice in writing to to the surveyor or supervisor, or the officer of excise of the di- ^henany fpi? vision or distnct where such spirits shall be so locked up, the rits are m-F space of four hours before the time he, she, or they shall de- tended to be sign to take out the same as aforesaid, and shall also insert in taken out of the said notice, the precise day and hour of such day, when he, hous^YiTor-(he, or they, shall or do intend taking any of the said spirits out der to be rec* of the said warehouse or warehouses, and shall also insert in tilied, or ship-fbch notice the quantity and quality of spirits he, she, or P*jf0, 1 boaj^ they, do then desire to take out, and whether such spirits are tien^c.* raw or rectified, and out of what particular warehouse, and whether the same are for rectification and by whom, or for immediate exportation, or to be sent coastways, and to whom and to what port, and whether for merchandise or (lores; and in and the officer such case the respective surveyor or supervisor, or officer, is an^take^ and are hereby required to attend pursuant to such notice at account the respective places where the said spirits shall be locked up, thereof \ and fee the quantity of spirits taken out in pursuance of such notice, and he or they are hereby required to take an exaCl ac- and distiller count of the same; and in case any such distiller or distillers, not keeping shall not begin and proceed to take the said spirits out of the said to h|* tI"'e* warehouse or warehouses, at the hour and time mentioned in such 5 cftl notice, or within two hours next after, then every such notice shall be, and is hereby declared to be void, and such distiller or distillers shall be, and is hereby obliged to give a frdh and like notice in manner aforesaid, four hours at the least before he, she, or they, shall begin to take any of the said spirits out of the said and falling in warehouse or warehouses: and in case any such distiller or di- p^cuiar* ftiHer$ shall neglect or refuse to give such first notice, before he bere Squired, takes out any of the said spirits, or to insert in such notice the forfeits tool.

2

Raw (pints taken out, in puriiiance of notice, are to be forthwith put into the

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

particulars in such notice herein before required, or to give a fresh notice in manner aforesaid, four hours at the lead before he, she, or they, shall begin to take out any of the said spirits, in case he, she, or they shall not begin, and proceed to take out the said spirits at the hour and time mentioned in- the said.

in the of- notice, or within two hours next afterwards, such distiller

deers presence, and resided, and run off into the spirit casks and then made up proofand

or distillers shall, in every such case, for -every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any raw spirits shall be (b taken out, in pursuance of such notice, the same shall be immediately pumped up, or put, in the presence of the officer of excise, into the still or stills, and be resided forthwith, ai)d the spirits shall be run off immedi-S^ged 5 ately from the still into a like calk as is before directed to be wardTtoVe^ ProvWed and entered for the containing of spirits immediately put into casks, distilled from low wines -9 and when the whole quantity of fpi^ and shipped rits designed to be made into brandy shall be collected in such calk from each still, the same shall be immediately made up in the presence of the officer of excise to the strength of one to fix under hydrometer proof, at which strength all spirits are to be exported, and a true gauge of such spirits so made up, shall then be taken by the officer of excise, who shall keep an exact account thereof; and such spirits shall immediately afterwards be put into casks, and, in the presence of the officer of excise, either carried directly on ship-board for exportation (if intend-feme day, and to be immediately exported) or tlfe into such warehouse or the warehouses, to be looked up in manner aforesaid. warenouie, XIV# provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case it shall at any time so happen, that the spirits distilled for exportation in one day belonging to any distiller or distillers, cannot, for want of time, be conveyed from the spirit cask (into which they are directed to be run imme-t diately from the still) and locked up in the warehouse or ware-houses, as herein before is directed, the officer of excise shall gauge the same and secure the lid of the said spirit cask, and take fern-pies thereof; which spirits shall be locked up in such warehouse or warehouses the next morning (if not intended for immediate exportation): and if it shall appear that any decrease has been

for exportation, or Secured in proper wajne-houses. Where the spirits can't be conveyed from the spirit cask the

the officer is to gauge the same, and take Camples thereof, and secure the lid of the cask; and if any fraud shall thereupon be committed, the distiller

Any ol fa? a (pints originally in-

shall pay

An* of the CS ma<*en quantity or quality of the said spirits so gauged, of ny 0 e in case any such spirits shall have been removed in the absence of the officer of excise, in either of the said cases the distiller or distillers shall be and are hereby charged for the said spirits so decreased or removed, with double the duties such spirits would have been charged with if made for home consumption 5 which the officer of excise is hereby required to charge accordingly.

XV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such distiller or distillers, after he, (he, orthcy have deposited any spirits made for exportation (whether raw or rectified) in manner aforesaid, in such warehouse or warehouse*, shall be desirous of using any such spirits for home consumption, ufeft for home foall signify such his, her, or their desire to the commis-consumption. 67 fionprs

tended for exportation, may, upon application to the comini dioners, and payment of the duties, be taken out of the ware-houses, and

v

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. j

fianers of excise for the time being, it shall and IT.djr be lawful for the Cud commissior^ir^ or any two of them, to direct the oi ipintf £ aefired to be taken out of such warehouse or warehouse*, and delivered to such distiller or distillers, he, she, or they having first duly paid to the proper officer of excise appointed to receive the duties on low wines and spirits, the fern of forty pounds, and ten shillings, for each tun of such Spirits of the strength they w^re taken into such warehouse; w-de&uty one to fix under hydrometer proof.

XVI. And for the purposes of this'acct, it is hereby enacted by A gallon of the authority aforesaid, That each gallon of brandy, or spirits of bra"dy* or the strength of one to fix under hydrometer proof, shall be ta- r^on-ken and reckoned at seven pounds and thirteen our.ces the cd at 7 ib. 13 gaDoo. 07, the gallon.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- The/; 1* Cad, That from and after the said twenty first day of January», ^eaifie^fpi-one thottCmd seven hundred and sixty two, when any quantity rits is to be of raw spirits shall, in pursuance of any notice, be delivered out produced, as of the warehouse or warehouses, in order to rectify the same, as was delivered muiy gallons of rectified spirits, and of the same strength when 2 to be made up, shall be. produced, as such quantity amounted to rectified, when taken out of the warehouse or warehouses, allowing allowing for only for the feints; and the commissioners of excise for the feints, time being are hereby authorized and required to make just allowmnces for necessary waste, and the difference that will arise for waste* aitd between gauging and weighing spirits; which feints shall also the difference be run off from the dill directly into one large entered feint between gwi-eask, and shall be immediately gauged as soon as the still is off, SSIwne and an account thereof taken by the officer of excise, and kept S in flock by him, who shall anti may take a sample or samples Feints to be of such feints; which feints shall be in like manner locked up h*11 off into in such warehouse or warehouses, and shall be there put into ^1^ one or more large cask$ to be provided by such distiller or distil- gauged" and lers, and marked with the wotd feints; and every such distiller kept instock, and d&iUers shall, once a month at least, distil all his feints, and securedj and make up the spirits to be produced therefrom of the strength of one to fix under hydrometer proof; and all such officer* y spirits shall then be locked up, or exported as other spirits for and to' be all exportation are hereby directed to be. distilled ones

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- ? onth»at, said. That from and after the said twenty first day of January, made Into one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, in order the more proof spirits; effectually to prevent such distillers from fraudulently removing and then wash, low wines, or spirits, if any decrease shall at any time Iockc<1 lT' or times appear to be found in the wash of any distiller or to

distillers, brewed or made for the distilling of spirits for ex-pay double portation (except such decrease as shall be made appear to the duty, for any satisfaction of the commissioners of excise for the time being, fraudulent to have really and truly arisen from accidents) such distiller or distillers shall be, and is and are hereby charged with a double rits for ex-duty for the quantity of low wines and spirits such wash so de- portation,

C 4. created-

*4

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

£0 bejcomput- created Is presumed to make: and the officers of excise are, ed according hereby required in such case, to make such charge accordingly, ty such^wash1' calculating such wash so found to be decreased, to proilCC would make of same quantity of low wines and spirits as walh is presumed )ow wines to do when spirits are made for home consumptionz and if and spirits for any decrease shall at any time or times appear in the stock of fu^ption"* spirits made for exportation, belonging to any such distiller and to pay or distillers except such as can or may be accounted for by the double duty, certificates of the proper officer or officers either as being exin like min- po^d as merchandise, or for (lores, or as being taken out for foudufent^e- "omc confujnption, on payment of duties by the consent of crease io his " of of excite, or by any allowance the said of shall have made to any Kioh distiller or distillers, for or by yeafon of wade, or any difference which may have arisen between gauge and weight, or by being sent coastways for exportation, or by being sent, with the consent of the commissioners of excite, to any other distiller, in order to be Verified for exportation, every such distiller and distillers shall be charged, and the officers of excise are hereby required to charge him, her, or them, for alj the spirits so found to be decreased and not properly accounted for, with double the duties such spirits would have been charged with if made for home consumption: and the morie effectually to prevent such distillers from working in the absence of the officers of excise, every such distiller and distillers is and are hereby required to permit the officer of excise to secure the head and heads of his, her, or their (till or (tills, when such (till or (tills, are not at

flock of /pi-X*its made for exportation.

/Officer to secure the (till jutd other vessels from being fraudu lently made jufe of in his absence

work, and also the pump car pumps for charging the (till or

stills, and emptying the low wine and spirit calk, (b as to prevent the same being used in the absence of the officer, and and the spirits also to secure the lid or head of the low wine and spirit calks, from being fe- and the safe at the end of the worm? to prevent any spirits freted. or j0w wines being Accreted, whilst the (till is at work, all

'which the said officers are hereby impowered to do.

xix; And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when spirits made for exportation shall be delivered out of any warehouse or warehouses so secured as aforesaid to be feat coastways (with a certificate from the proper officer) in order for exportation to foreign parts from any port of this kingdom, the distiller or distillers out of whose warehouse such spirits were delivered, shaft, on taking out the same, give bond, with sufficient security, to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, to be ng tncre- approved of by the respective commissioners of excise for the of in the pm t time1 being, or any three of them, or by fitch person or persons Where entered as they shall, from time to time, appoint for that purpose, in double the value of the spirits, and double the duties which are payable for the like spirits distilled for home consumptioji, that the same spirits and every part thereof, shall (fthe danger of the seas and enemies excepted) be really and truly landed in such port of this kingdom, for which the same (half be entered; and such bonds so entered into, shall not be (discharged or be delivered up until a certificate shall be produced

from

On delivery of spirits to He sent coastways, with certificate for exportation, the distiller is to give bond and security for the due landing the re-

h

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 25

5rom the chief officer Of CXcife of the port for which such fpi- Bonds not to cits were entered, testifying the landing thereof, and describing he discharcjed. Si£ ntautoer ot ihe calks or other package containing the spirits, £atca and the particular marks of such calks 6r package, and the tioned to be exaeft quantity of spirits landed; and also testifying that the returned in £ er, mate, purser, or other person, having the charge of fldp or vessel during the voyage in which the said spirits proper a?

: felt coastways, had made oath before him that the said ficer of the (pints, and every part thereof were fairly landed there, and landing the that at the time of landing the y were of the same quality as ianjc accord-when shipped on board, and that no part of such spirits had $oath^e-" been wilfully or fraudulently diminished, relanded, or unship- ing made by' ped, since the lame were put on board (which oath the said the mailer ' respective officers of excise are hereby impowered to administer) that the fan# and also testifying that the same spirits, and every part thereof, JJ^ed Swe' were really and truly, since their arrival there, exported from without any thence to foreign parts; and the condition of all such coast bonds fraud in the! shall be, to produce such certificate in six months from the date quantity or themf; and such spirits so to be sent coastways, when landed the at the port for which they were entered, shall be, immediately p*'

on the landing thereof, put into a proper warehouse, and there and proof that continued until the same shall be exported, and shall be secured ^cherti by the person to whom they are sent, and by the said chief ported from " officer or excise, by two different locks and keys, one of which thence to so-" feat keys shall be kept by the said person, and the other by the reiSn P^8» said officers; which warehouse lock and keys shall be provided^nd the fai-. by the persons to whom the spirits were sent; and all m afters, rks, on their commanders, and other persons, belonging to any ship or vefly carrying goods coastways, whb shall assist or connive at aproprr the fraudulent landing, embezzeling, or diminishing, any spirits warehouse*sent coastways, and all other persons assisting or otherwise con- till exported* cemed in the unshipping the same, or to whole hands the Mailers, ank same shall knowingly come, are hereby dedared to be subject others, 0011-. and liable to all the like pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as are cerned in the inflicted by any former act or acts of parliament for enforcing fraudulent the fair exportation of spirits to foreign parts.embezzeluig

XX. And for the further encouragement of the exportation of spirits lent6 spirits made or drawn \r\Great Britain from corn, be it enacted by coastways, are the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty first day to* of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, therea* -

shall be a bounty of three pounds and twelve shillings for every 3j tun of spirits so drawn or made in Great Britain from corn which tun, is allow* shall be exported as merchandize to parts beyond the teas; and ed on all upon oath being made before any two or more of the commis- <Pint# (Johers of excise, or justices of the peace for the county or place ^n>eluwlrt- from whence any such spirits are intended to be exported, that ed as* mer- the same were drawn and made in Great Britain from corn under chandise to the regulations of this act, and not mixed with any other mate- foreign parts > rids, except what were necessary for rectifying the same; and 0J-n£ that since the making thereof the same have been properly fe- dueconformi-cWed in a warehouse or warehouses according to the directions ty to the re-

of galationt of this act j

±6 Anno secundo Georgii III.

and acertifi- of this ltf; and that the same: re to be exported for merchan-cate produced jjzc to fp^ beyond the seas; and upCS producing a certiii-_f__rate under the hand or hands of the officer or officers of

per officer of cate under the hand or hands of the officer or 1 the quantity for the port or place where such spirits were shipped, of the quan-shipped, tides so shipped, and that the same were shipped in the presence of such officer or officers, the dillilier or distillers shall be paid by the commissioners of excise, or their collector for the port or place where such spirits shall be shipped, the said bounty of three pounds twelve shillings for every tun of such spirits to shipped off; and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Spirits (kipped

XXI. And whereas spirits shipped for (lores are frequently for (tore concealed from the fight of the officers of excise, under pretence flowed?*of the lame being put or placed beneath other goods, which gives

while the an opportunity to defraud the revenue; be it therefore enacted

vessel is in by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty port, that the first day Gf January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two,

ers may aji rnru shall he (binned fhr ftnrps shall durina the time

all such spirits as shall be shipped for flores shall, during the time the ship or veflei is or shall be within the limits of any port of this kingdom, be openly (lowed and kept so that the officers of excise may at any time examine the same, on pain of forfeiting the double duty of all such (lores which shall not be so flowed and kept, or produced and shewn to the officers of excise; which said double duty shall be charged by the officers of excise for such flores which shall not be so (lowed, and kept or produced and shewn, according to the rate such spirits would have been charged with, if made for home consumption; and which charge shall be paid by the mailer of the ship or veflei on board of which such (lores were shipped: and when any spirits made for expor-bcSyen?cer- lat*on ^all be entered for exportation to Ireland, or his Majesty's Silicate* pro- plantations in America, or to any other parts beyond the seas in Europe, or to any parts beyond the seas in Africa, the exporter or exporters thereof, when the whole quantity of spirits intended at that time to be exported shall be shipped, shall immediately give and enter into such and the like bonds for the due and fair portation of exportation of such spirits, and produce such certificates within spirits, by the the respective times, and make such proofs as were respectively uGwH^ required to be given, entered into, produced and made, by the said herein in part recited act of the thirty third year of the reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, on the exportation of spirits to the respective places before-mentioned, excepting as in pursuance of the directions of that ad; except only that the to the penalty penalty in every bond so to be entered into in pursuance of this act, shall be double the value of the spirits entered for expor-r tation, and double the duties such spirits ought to have paid, if they had been made for home consumption; and until such bond shall be entered into by the exporter or exporters, the distiller or distillers, from whose warehouse such spirits were sent, shall be and are hereby charged for such quantity of spirits so shipped for exportation, with double the duties such filler is lia- spirits would have been charged with if made for home coable to the fumption; and such charge shall not be discharged until such double duties. r & 2 bond

examine the same, on forfeiture of double duty; to be paid by the mailer. On entry of foirits made for exportation for Ireland, America, Africa, or parts in Europe, like bonds are to be given, cei tificate* produced, and proofs made, as are required In similar cases on ex-

which is to be double the value, and double the duties, and till bond is entered into by the exporter, the

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III.

*7

bond shall be entered into: And when any British made or Bonds, See. for foreign spirits shall be entered* for exportation to any parts be- fcr^jntcrc<* yond the seas in Asia* the exporter or exporters thereof, when or ia* the whole quantity of spirits intended at that time to be exported shall be lhippea, shall immediately give and enter into a bond to be of like of the like tenor and condition* with the like security, and Condition make the like proof as was required to be given, entered into, Jith those re-and made, by the said herein in part recited act, on the erpor- quired by the tation of fpiots to parts beyond the seas in Africa* in purfbance recked a ft for of the directions of that aA; except only that the penalty in [PlnJ?entered every bond so to be entered into in purfbance of this a A, mall or rlca* be double the value of the spirits entered for exportation, and 8 '

doable the duties such spirits ought to have been charged with the*if they had been made or used for home consumption; and anduntilbond until such bond shall be entered into by the exporter or expor- isenter'dinto, tere, the distiller or distillers, from whose warehouse such spirits j, fiable to the were lent, shall be and are hereby charged for such quantity duties, &c. of spirits so shipped for exportation, with double the duties such /pints would have been charged with, if made for home consumption $ and such charge frail not be discharged until such bond shall be entered into; and also except that the proof of the due exportation of such spirits shall not be required to be made till the end of three years from the date of such respectire bond; and ah and every person and persons authorized by the said in part recited act to administer any oath or oaths oaths in ti?dc ia any ways relating to the due] exportation of spirits under cases, the same the dure&ions of that aA, shall be and are hereby impowered af under the' to administer the Kke oaths for the purposes of this act. recited act.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore* Penalty of ob*

£ud, That if any distiller ordiftiliers, or any other person or per* an

(bos shall obstruct, molest, let, or hinder any officer of excise, in*, /* 1 \ # / ^xccuDon or the due execution of the powers or authorities, or any of hi, duty, iooU

them, given by this act, all and every person and persons so offending, shall for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, T^c power*. That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, ScCma"* - methods, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, clauses, See. in which in and by an Act made in the twelfth year of the reign aft it Car. of king Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away w many other the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by knights fa^foixe service and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty extended to in lieu thereof) or by any other law now in force, relating to this act.

his Majesty's revenue of excise upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punching, frauds relating thereto, or in any wise relating to the due and fair exportation of spirits to foreign parts (not otherwise altered by this act) shall be exercised, practised, applied

18 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

plied, used, imposed, levied, recovered, and put in execution > for the securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, and recovering the duties and penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, or in any wise relating to the due and fair exportation of spirits to foreign parts; as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

Recovery, mi-

XXIV. And be it further enacted and declared by the au- tigatiovt, and thority aforesaid, That all fines penalties, and forfeitures im-penaSel^in P°^ by this act> shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or miti-general.'gated, by such ways, means, and methods as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise (not otherwise directed by this act) or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majest/s courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, respectively, and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his neirs, and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be lued, molested, or prosecuted for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this act; General issue. such person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, in his, her,

- or their defence or defencesj and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or actions, or be nonsuited, or judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants Treble eoft*. shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs,

CAP. VI.

An act for the importation of failed beef pork, and butter, into this kingdom from Ireland, for a limited time, for the supply of his Majesty's ships, transport and other ships and vessels, in his Majesty's immediate service and pay.

[Preamble.]

FOR the more easy victualling of his Majesty's ships, and X1 transport and other ships and vessels, at this time; be it enacted; and it is hereby enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament afiem-Commission- bled, apd by the authority of the same, That from and after hue the navy t*ie twenty foyirth day or December, in this present year one and persont thousand seven hundred and sixty one, it shall and may be authorized by lawful for the commissioners for victualling his Majesty's navy, them# may pr for any person or persons having an authority under the

hands

i.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 29

_Jj and seals of any three or more of them, to import any felted vt of felted beef, pork, and butter, into this kingdom from ^er iked, to be applied for the sole use and supply of such Teamen, from Ireland, irioes, and other forces, as shall be on board of his Majesty's for the use of ips, and transport and other ships and vessels, in his Majesty's the navy, mediate service and pay, and to and for no other use or pur-k whatsoever; and the said of, and other per- hj9 Majesty's to authorized as aforesaid, acting according to the true intent pay, duty-id meaning of this act, shall be, and they are hereby, ex- free, &c. fcpted from the payment of all subsidies, customs, rates, uties, and other impositions, and from all penalties, forfeitures, payments, and punishments, for or upon account of importing, or bringing of salted beef, pork, and butter, into ius kingdom from Ireland, for the uses aforesaid; any act or fts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: And the taking care fcid of shall take care that upon the importation Jb*J the/al"?

(vich salted beef, pork, and butter, into this kingdom from

Irdal the same, and every part thereof, shall be deposited in storehouses, hblfojesty's storehouses at or nearest the port where the same and applied shall be imported, there to be under the care and inspection accordingly j of the proper officers having the care of his Majesty's (lores for ^d that an rivalling ships and vessels in his Mai eft Jr's service, and shall ^c^'therwf he applied as is hereinbefore directed; and the said commis- an§ ^ow ^e9 ! loners shall cause an account to be kept of all such salted beef, same is dispos-pork and butter, and how the same is disposed of cd of.

j H Provided neverthelefe. That if at anytime it shall happen if any of the ! ifctf any of the said provisions which shall be imported under the said provisions [ whority of this act, shall be, by the said of,h*U b*

' toed unserviceable, then it shall and may be lawful for the able th^com-| lid of, or any three or more of them, to order and missionersmay j dWtany person or persons they shall think proper, to fell the authorize the same, for the best price or prices that can be got 5 and such same to be ( person or persons so authorized to sell the same shall, and he fold» and they is and are hereby required to give a certificate or cer- fhc fcller £v" tots in writing to the purchaser or purchasers thereof, ex-"

prtfling the nature and quantity of the provisions so fold, the purchaser, of nudes of the calks, or other packages, containing the same, the nature and and the time of felling thereof; which certificate or certificates qP*a*jy flail indemnify such purchaser and purchasers from all penalties, crco'c.* forfeitures, and punishments, for or upon account of such which feaUm-[ salted beef, pork, or butter, so purchased by them as afore- p^ha£i\*' j said.

[General issue.]

ID. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Limitation of \ if my action or suit shall be commenced against any person or actions, persons for any thing done in pursuance of this a<$t, the defendant or defendants, in any such action or suit, shall and may field the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter.

evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fao$ v?as done in pursuance, and by the authority, of this act:

Aadif it shall appear to have been so done, the jury shall find 4.

for fee defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited.

30

Treble cofb.

This act to be in force till 24 Dec. 1761.

[Preamble.]

The Aim of

1, 500, 000l.

granted}

to be raised by loans or exchequer bills*

in like manner as loans or exchequer bills authorized by the land tax of this session;

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

nonfutted, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgment shall be gr upon any verdict or demurrer, against the plaintiff, the del dant and defendants shall and may recover treble costs, have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or del dants hath or have in other cases by law.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforef That this act shall continue and be in force from the twenty fourth day of December, in this present year one th fatid seven hundred and sixty one, until the twenty fourth ef December, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thou A seven hundred and sixty two, and no longer.

CAP. VII.

Act act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain summoney towards saying off and discharging the debt of j navy, and towards naval services for the year one the sand seven hundred and sixty two.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the comm\ W of Great Britain in parliament assembled\ for raising supply granted to your Majesty, towards paying off and dischargi

the debt of the navy, and also towards raising the supply granted your Majesty for naval services, in the year one thousand fe&en hi dred and sixty two; have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty, the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds; and do ther fore most humbly b fetch your Majesty that it may be enacted; and I it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with t! advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and coni mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authoris of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for tl King's most excellent Majesty by warrant or warrants, undi his royal sign manual, to authorize and impower the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, now or for the time bemj or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer so the time being, at any time or times before the fifth day c January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, to caul or direct any loans to be taken or received at his Majesty's ex chequer, from any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bo dy or bodies politic or corporate; or any number of excheque bills, to be made out there for any sum or sums of money, ho exceeding in loans and exchequer bills together, in the whole the said lum of one million five hundred thousand pounds; ii the same or like manner, form, and order, and according tc the same or like rules and directions as in and by an act of thii present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid U his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain for the fir* vice of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty twoy are enacted and prescribed concerning the loans or exchequer bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said act.

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 31

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and all the and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, advan- clauses and s, penalties, forfeitures, and liabilities, contained in the lait-mentioned act relating to the loans or exchequer bills ^trcjatin»

_ orized to be made by the same act (except such clauses as to the loan# charge the same on the taxes granted by the same ad, and or exchequer pt such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the bllIV. ance of money lent on the credit of the said act, and also as is herein after-mentioned) shall be applied and extend-the loans and exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of^ ad, as hilly and effectually to all intents and purposes as af the same loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the said last mentioned act; or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Exchequer rity aforesaid, That no exchequer bill or bills to be m^de out by bills issued to virtue of this act, shall, after the same hath or have been issued treasurer and paid at the exchequer, to the treasurer of his Majesty's n»- °ot t* vy for the time being, and applied by him for the purposes received again herein after-mentioned, be afterwards, at any time before the in payment twenty sixth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and of sixty three, received or taken, or pass or be current to aiw re- Eues* earn or coDedor in Great Britain, of the customs, excite, or or exchanged any revenue, supply, aid, or tax, whatsoever, due or payable before % 6 id his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or at the receipt of the bdarcbt7$I. exchequer, from any such receiver or collector, or from any other person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, otherwise, or on any other account than for the discharge and cancelling of such bills, in case the same shall be in due course or order of payment before the said twenty sixth day of March; nor shall any such receiver or collector exchange, at any t\me before the said twenty sixth day of March, for any money of such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill or bills which shall have been issued and applied as aforesaid, by virtue of this act; nor shall any action be maintained against any such receiver or collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such bill orbills for ready money, before the said twenty sixth day of March; any thing in the said act made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid h his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the ferviu of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two9 or this act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The said loans all such loans or exchequer bills, together with the interest, ^exchequer premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the same, Jo tepaid stall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall of th/ be repaid or borne by or out of the iirft aids or supplies which first supplies shall be granted in the next session of parliament; and in case &rant*l, n the feffieient aids or supplies, for that purpose, shall not be granted be- next fefiou

fore

j2 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

fore the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and fixfy otherwise to three, then all the said loans or exchequer bills, with the interest* be chatted premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the same, (half

ablest be an<*ar€ hereby charged and chargeable upon such monies, as* the sinking* at any time or times, at or after the said fifth day of July, one thousand. sand seven hundred and sixty three, shall be or remain in the

receipt of the exchequer, of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues, composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses, by any act or acts of parliament in that behalf) and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and applied, as foot! as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such loans or exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose to be kept and referred in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

Monies issued V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-out of the foresaid, That whatever monies shall be so issued out of the said forfurplu^s> excesses, overplus monies, or other revenues, com-pole, to be re- posing the sinking fund, shall, from time to time, be replaced placed out of by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted in par-the first fop- liament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwith-P*'"- (landing.

Bank of Eng*

VI. And be it declared and further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and vanoedie &jd company of the bank of England, to advance* or lend to his (am, Majesty, in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of loan granted by this act, any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds; any thing in an act made in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of king William and queen m mL Mary, intituled An act for granting to their Majesties several rates and duties upon tonnage of ships and vessels, and upon beer, ale; and other liquors, for securing certain recommences and advantages in the said act mentioned, to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on the war against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

The same to

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* be applied, That the said sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds* 1,000 ooooI^ this act granted, shall be appropriated, and is hereby ap-

towards dif- propriated for and towards the ules and purposes herein after-charging the mentioned; that is to say. That out of the said sum, there shall debt of the and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money not ex-na71, ceeding one million, towards paying off and discharging the debt

towards*naval of the navy; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding five services. hundred thousand pounds, towards the naval fcfviccs herein after-

v

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 33

ter-mentioned; that is to say, towards victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed, and to be performed; and towards lea services in the office of ordinance, performed, and to be performed; and towards defraying the ordinary of his Majesty's navy, and halfpay to sea officers; and towards maintaining nineteen thousand and sixty one marines; and towards the buildings, rebuildings, and repairs of his Majesty's ships, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

CAP. VIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty federal rates and duties upon window, or lights.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an act made in the twentieth year of the reign of Preamble fe- his late Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the several f^ng cl?ufe5 rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for Geo

granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, win- u. dows or lights, and for raising the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds, by annuities to be charged on the fiud rates or duties; it was enacted, That there Should be charged^ rmfedy levied, and paidy unto his Majesty, his heirs, and successorsy the several rates and duties upon houses, windowsy or lightsy in the said act mentioned; which act was explainedy amended, and enforcedy by two other actsy one made in the same session of parliament, and the other in the twenty first year of the reign of his said late Majesty:

And whereas by an act made in the thirty JirJt year of the reign of his fad late Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty fe- and 3x Geo. IL vend rates and duties upon offices and pensions, and upon houses, and upon windows, or lights; and for raising the sum of five millions, by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the said rates and duties; it was enacted, That there Should be (barged, raised, leviedy and paidy unto his Majesty y bif heirs, and JiuceJforSj the several additional rates and duties upon houses, win-dowsy or lightsy in the said act mentioned: And whereas by an act of this session of parliament, the annuities payable in respect of the sum of twelve millions advanced upon the credit of the said act, are charged upon the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; we y your Ma-jeflfs most dutiful and loyal fubieftsy the commons of Great Britain, in parliament qffcmbledy towards making good the said aundtiesj or yearly payments y fa charged on the said fundy have Tifohed to give and grant to pour Majesty the several rates and duties upon windows, or lights herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of tnc lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, The following That from and after the fifth day of April, one thousand seven rates and du-hundred and sixty two, there shall be charged, raised, levied, p^Ve° from and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, the several after 5 rates and duties upon windows, or lights, herein after men- April, 176s 1 tioned; that is to &y, viz.

Anno secundo Gp.org n IIL

[176

I.

1 s. additional on all containing 11,

3*

at. upon ere- For every window, or light, in every dwelling-house In-ry window, habited, or to be inhabited, within and throughout the whole

houifs con" kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain eight or nine

taining 8 or 0 windows, or lights, and no more, the yearly sum of one (hil-windows, and ling for every window, or light, in such house. no more j And for every window, or light, in every dwelling-house 6d. additional as aforesaid, which shall contain ten or eleven windows, or ?ne toCor ii" ^S^ts, and no niore, the yearly sum of six pence for each and not more i window, or light in such house; over and above, and by way of addition to, the several and respective duties chargeable thereupon, by virtue of former acts of parliament made in that behalf.

And for every window, or light, in every dwelling-house as aforesaid, which shall contain twelve, thirteen or fourteen windows, or lights, and no more, the yearly sum of one (hil-notmoie ^or cac^ w*n<*ow» or light, in suchhouse; over and above,

more*and by way of addition to, the several and respective duties

chargeable thereupon, by virtue of former acts of parliament made in that behalf.

3d. additional And for every window, or light, in every dwelling-house on all contain-as aforesaid, which shall contain fifteen, sixteen, seventeea,

i^orl^and* ^S^teen, or nineteen windows, or lights, and no more, the 1, or 13, an sum of three pence for each window, or light, in such

nouse; over and above, and by way of addition to, the several and respective duties chargeable thereupon, by virtue of former acts of parliament made in that behalf.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several duties by this act imposed 4within and throughout the ed and paid as said kingdom of Great Britain, for and upon such windows the like du- or lights as aforesaid, shall be raised, levied, and collected, and bTtheredted into his Majesty's exchequer, for the purposes in this act aftsofao,iv expressed, in such and like form and manner, and with such and 31 Geo. II. allowances, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and difare directed j abilities, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, as are prescribed or appointed for raising, levying, collecting, and paying the duties on houses, windows, or lights, in and by the said several acts of parliament, made in the said twentieth, twenty first, and thirty first years of his late Majesty's reign, and the pow- herein before mentioned; and all and every the powers, au-r?» the thorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, mat-t^fepurposeg ters> and things, rtow in force, contained in the said four feve-extendcoto nd acts of parliament, or any of them, for the raising, levying, this. collecting; and paying the rates and duties thereby granted,

shall be in full force, and be duly observed, pradisea, and put in execution, within and throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, for raising, levying, collediitg, and paying the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights, by thfs ad granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same, or the like powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this

not more.

Duties of this act to be raif-

tyeii]

Anno secundo Georgii III.

3$

present act; and that all monies arising by the said rates anji The monie§ duties by this act granted, the necessary charges of raising and

accounting for the same excepted, shall from time to time, be paid^nto the paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the public re- separate and venue, and shall be carried to, and made part of, the fund Part from all commonly called The sinking fund, towards making good the ftkl annuities or yearly payments, payable in respect of the revenue;

£ud sum of twelve millions charged upon the said fund by an and to be car-act of this session of parliament. £e<* int°th*

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That^In? un*the of Authorized for putting in execution the four e^Torthe*1'" laid former acts, or either of them, for all and every the respect former act* live counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, to meet on or cinque ports, towns and places respectively, within Great teforeiSth Britain, shall meet together at the most usual and common ^n^<IJeed place of meeting within such counties, shires, stewartries, ri- in theexecu-dings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places, respect tien of tliia lively, within Great Britain, on or before the Eighteenth dav of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and shall then divide themselves to act in separate districts, and proceed in the execution of this present act, for assessing, raising, levying, and collecting the duties hereby granted, in such and the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as is prescribed by die four former acts, or either of them, with respect to the rates and duties thereby imposed.

IV. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, shall at any time or times, be sued or prafccuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing in this act contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the gene- General iflhe. tal issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited; then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs. Treble cofc*

CAP. IX.

An act for charging certain annuities granted in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, on the sinking fund, and for carrying the duties therein mentioned to the said fund; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer hillsy tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other or-dertj loftt burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

WHEREAS in pursuance of an act of parliament made Preamble, i in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty ciCo|0*

King George the Second, intituled An act for granting to his53 Majesty Teveral duties upon malt; and for raising the sum of eight " mtkons by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said u duties i and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of allowances in the

re-

D a

' gauging

The principal sum of S, 000, 000l. borrowed on the credit of the recited act; and the additional capital of 240, 000l. directed to be added thereto; are to be charged upon, and payable out of the sinking fund. Proprietors, who shall not signify their difient by 21 June next, in books to be opened at the bank, deemed to assent thereto.

The monies £ilcn by the

Anno secundo Georgii in [1761.

u gauging of com making into malt; Qnd for making forth dupB-u cates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders? tc W tffA/r orders, lofiy burnt, /r otherwise defrayed?* several perfdhs, bodies politic or corporate, Aw/ advanced and lent the sum of eight millions, the credit of the several duties upon ma/ty by the said act granted, //r the purchase of annuities tramferr able at the bank of England, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, for the certain term of twenty one years, and from the expiration thereof after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament: And whereas an additional capital cf three pounds was by the said act directed to be added to every one hundred pounds advanced towards the said sum of eight millions, amounting to two hundred and forty thousand pounds y to be attended with like annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and three pounds per centum per annum respectively: And whereas it is thought necessary that the said principal sum of eight millions, and likewise the said additional capital amounting to two hundred and forty thousand pounds, together with the charges and expences attending the famey Should bey with the consent of the proprietors thereof to be signified within the time herein after mentioned, charged upon y and paid out of the fund commonly called The sinking fund j and that the several duties upon malty which by the said act were made a fund for payment of the said four pounds per centum annuities, Should be carried toy and made part of the said fundy commonly called The sinking fund; May it there-therefore please your mo ft excellent Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, the said principal sum of eight millions, borrowed upon credit of the said act, and the said additional capital amounting to two hundred and forty thousand pounds, carrying an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annumy for the said term of twenty one years, and from the expiration thereof, an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumy together with the charges and expences attending the same, shall be charged upon, and paid out of, the fund commonly called The Sinking fund, until redemption thereof by parliament; any thing in the said act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such proprietors who shall not, on or before the twenty first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, signify their dissent to the charging of their annuities on the sinking fund, in books to be opened at the bank of England for that purpefe shall be deemed and taken to assent thereto j any thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstandinjj.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies which have arisen since the nfth day of

Anno secundo Georgii III.

37

January, one fihouland seven hundred and sixty two, or that said duties shall or may hereafter arise, of the several duties upon malt, [^c which were made a fund, for payment of four pounds per cen- ^all hereafter turn per annum at the bank of England; and also of three arise thereby, pounds per centum per annum, in manner above-mentioned, on to be carried eight millions borrowed by virtue of the said act, made in the thirty third year of the reign of his said late Majesty, towards^t^c the uipply of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, fund j and and an the additional capital amounting to two hundred and to be issued forty thousand pounds; shall be carried to and made part of, accordingly, the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be part of the said sinking fund, and shall be issued and applied to such uses and purposes as the several excedes, surplusses, or overplus monies, composing the said sinking fund, are or may be issued and applied; any thing in the said act of the thirty third year of the reign of his said late Majesty, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas several bills commonly called Exchequer Bills, Clause of re. several tickets commonly called Lottery Tickets, several orders and hff for excertificates made forth in lieu of the said lottery tickets, and likewise joScry^ti^-for annuities of divers kinds, payable at or near the receipt of his cts, ceiti-Majestfs exchequer, as also several receipts of the cashiers of the go- ficates, annui* vemor and company of the bank of England, or some of them, for &c.

monies contributed there for the purchase of annuities transferr able in the books of the said governor and company, or for other monies pay- ftr0yed. able there in pursuance of acts of parliament, have, by casualty or wufchance, been loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed \ which exchequer bub, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders of the reffective denominations aforesaid, were made forth by and in pursuance of several acts of parliament in that behalf; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where it shall appear, by affidavit, to be made before any or other of the barons of the exchequer for the time being (who shall interrogate the deponent thereupon) to the satisfa<ffion of suchs baron or barons, that any such exchequer bills, or any such tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders as aforesaid, before the first day of June, one thousand fe*. ven hundred and sixty two have been, are, or shall be, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, or that there be good reason to believe the same have been burnt, loft, or otherwise destroyed, it shall and may be lawful for the respective officers and persons appointed to issue or make forth such exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts* annuity orders, or other orders, or to pay or dischargo the same, or to issue any monies due or payable thereupon, upon producing a certificate from any or either of the said barons, of such affidavit made before him or them f which affidavit the hid barons, or any or either of them, is and are hereby authorised to take; and which certificate he or they is or are hereby required to make and grant without fee pr reward) and on security given to the said respective officers and persons to their good liking, to indemnify them respectively against all other persons whatsoever, for or concerning the monies specified in,

3. Anno secundo Georgii III., [1761.

or due upon, such respective bill or bills, ticket or tickets certificate or certificates, receipt or receipts, order or orders, they the said persons respectively shall, and are hereby required, to make forth duplicates of the said bills, tickets, certificates, receipts and orders, at the request of the respectiv< t owners, and to pay, satisfy, and discharge the same, and alj

rt such interest as is or shall be due on any of them carrying inte-

rest, or to make forth flock or transferable annuities in lieu o\ such receipts? as he or they Should have paid, Satisfied, or diA charged, or tpade forth on the said original bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, if the same had been produced, and shall be allowed all such payments, sum or sums of money, in their respective accounts; and in all cases where the signing of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the lord high treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, shall be necessary for making the said duplicates, or any of them, effectual for the purposes aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to sign such duplicates accordingly.

CAP. X.

An act for ratfing by annuities, in manner therein mentioned, the sum of twelve millions, to be charged on the sinking fund and for applying the surplus of certain duties on spirituous liquors, and also the monies arising from the dirties on spirituous liquors, granted by an act of this session of parliament.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

The sum of 12, 000, 000l. granted to be raised by annuities.

Natives or for signers, who,

in pursuance of a resolution of the commons, have subscribed towards the said sum,

and have deposited 15l. per cent. m part of their fabferiptions.

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards rdifing the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's tublick expenses, have freely rejowed to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum of twelve millions, to be raised by annuities, in such manner and form as is herein after directed; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty^ that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afletn-bled, and by the authority of the same, That for or towards raising the said sum of twelve millions, it shall and may be lawful to and for the several persons natives or foreigners, and bodies politic or corporate, who in pursuance of the resolution of the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpose, subscribed and agreed to contribute to the payment of the said sum of twelve millions, and who have, in pursuance of the Said resolution, deposited with, or paid to^ the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, the sum of fifteen pounds per centum, in part of the sums By them subscribed respectively, to advance

and

Anno secundo Georgii III.

39

tod pay unto the said cashier or cashiers, who is and are hereby may pav the appointed the receiver or receivers of such contributions remainder, at (without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or jnthe proror-Dbtained, in that behalf) the remainder of the several sums so tionsfollow-robscribed, at or before the respective days or times, and in ing: the pixmortions, in this act limited in that Dehalf.

II. And whereas it is intended that every contributor to the fakfc twelve millions shall, for every one hundred pounds contributed, be intituled to an annuity, transferrable at the bank of England* after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum* for nineteen years, and then to (land reduced to three pounds Hr centum per annum, redeemable by parliament 5 and also to an annuity, transferrable at the bank ot England* of one pound per centum per annum*0 continue irredeemable for a certain term of ninety eight years, and then to cease; and that every such contributor shall, for every sum of eighty pounds per «s*W9xpaid into the cashiers of the bank of England, upon account of his {bare in the said annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum* be intituled to one hundred pounds capital in the said (lock of four pounds per centum annuities; and for every sum of twenty pounds paid in like manner, upon account; of his share in the said annuities of one pound per centum, shall be intitled to an annuity of one pound, to continue for a certain term of ninety eight years, in manner above mentioned; be k enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all such contributors who hav? so made such deposit of fifteen pounds per centum* in part of the sums by them severally subscribed, as a security for their making their future payments, shall make the same accordingly, at or before the respective times or days, and in the proportions, herein after limited and appointed on that behalf; that is to say, in respect of their proportionable (bare of the sum of nine millions six hundred <vi % in respect thousand pounds, to be attended with the said four pounds of the sum of per centum annuities for nineteen years, and afterwards to ^tTurt^cr'be reduced to three pounds per centum annuities as aforesaid, fom Of IO/^ the further sum of ten pounds per centum, being part of the by 10 Peb.

said Aim (b remaining, on or before the tenth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; the further sum lo/. by3 of ten pounds per centum* other part thereof, on or before the March* twenty third of March then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum* other part thereof, on or before the 10l. by % i twenty first day of April then next following; the further sum April, of ten pounds per centum* other part thereof, on or before the 10l.by*6 twenty sixth day of May then next following; the Anther sum May* often pounds per centum* other part thereof, on or before the IO/.byij twenty third day of June then next following; the further sum June, fifteen pounds per centum* other part thereof, on or before the 15l. by 18 dehteeth day of August then next following; the further sum August, often pounds per centum* other part thereof, on or before the 10l. by 17 seventeenth day of September then next following; and the f^The^e-twining sum of ten pounds per centum* on or before the tv-

40

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

*5l. b Morel

v

30L by»i July.

subscribers,

AndinrcfpcjSbticth day of October then next following: And in respetSfc: ci

0t t^c*r prop^sonable share of the sum of two millions four hun

further Aim of dred thousand pounds, to be attended with the annuity of on pound per centum for ninety eight years, the further sum of twent five pounds per centum, being part of the sum To remaining* o or before the tenth day of March, one thousand seven hundme and sixty two; the further sum of thirty pounds per untserr other part thereof, on or before the twelfth day of May next following; and the remaining sum of thirty pounds pe centum, on or before the twenty first day of July then ixex following.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid for every 80l. That the several subscribers or contributors, their executors vwdsYhe said administrators, successors, and assigns, shall be intituled for am sum of upon every sum of eighty pounds by them respectively advance* 9, 600, 00c/. are and paid towards the said sum or nine millions six hundred mtitledtoioo/. thousand pounds, to one hundred pounds capital stock at the anPannuityd bank England^ and to an annuity after the rate of four pounds thereupon of Per centum per annumy during the term of nineteen years; ant 4l. per cent, after the expiration thereps, to an annuity of three pounds pet for9^ centum per annum, and no inore, for and upon every one hun-Spi^onof dred Pounds such capital stock; which said annuity of foui Sat term, °to pounds per centum per amtumy shall commence and be computed 3l. per cent. from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred

to commence and sixty two; and from and immediately after the expiration on5*i7*< of the said term of nineteen years, there mall be paid, infteac

and in lieu of such annuity, an annuity of three pounds per And for every centum per annum^ and no more: And that the said several twa^sThe subscribers or contributors, their executors, administrators said sum of successors, and alsigns, shall also be intituled, for and upon 2, 400, 000l.are every sum of twenty pounds by them respectively advanced entitled to an and paid towards the said sum of two millions four hundred i"nfor^8 thousand pounds, to an annuity after the rate of one pound years to for a certain term of ninety eight years; which said annuity of commence on one pound shall commence and be computed from the fifth 5 day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two;

ibe'pSd^al?- and t^e said respective annuities shall be paid by half-yearly pay-yearly, viz. hients, in even and equal portions, on the fifth day of July* on 5 July, and and the fifth day of January, in each year.

5 7aft\

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

ba^ninnie ^'at*uch fabferibers or contributors, their executors, admi-.w^oleof their niftrotors, successors, and assigns respectively, paying in the subscriptions whole of the sums by them relpeilively subscribed towards the towards the said sum of nine millions six hundred thousand pounds, on^0*00^, or before the eighteenth day of September? one thousand seven 18 °Sept?^hundred and sixty two; or paying in the whole of the sums and towards by them respectively subscribea towards the feud sum of two the said sum millions four hundred thousand pounds, on or before the

f>f*, +Ma000/ t*rtccnt^ daY May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty

by 13 May 1761,

two; shall be intituled to an allowance of so much money as the interest of the sum so compleating their contribution, on or

before

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 41

before the said eighteenth day of September, or the said thir* are intitled to renth day of May, respetSbvely, after the rate of three pounds

her centum per annum, shall amount unto, from the day of com-

pleating such contribution to the twentieth day of October then times of neact following, in respectc of the monies paid towards the said compleating iun of nine millions six hundred thousand pounds 5 and unto their pay. the twenty first day of July then next following, in respect erf^or*£ the monies paid towards the said sum of two millions four pett of the hundred thousand pounds; such allowances respectively to be paid laid sum of by the said cashier or cashiers out of the monies contributed 9»6oo, oooo£ towards the said sum of twelve millions, as soon as such re- of

spe&ve subscribers or contributors, their executors, admini- the said sum

strators, successors, and assigns, shall have compleated such of 1, 400, oooo£ payments.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the annuities afore- Annuities said shall be transferable at the bank of England. transferrable

VI. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the -jyc ^iptf bank of England, who shall have received, or shall receive, any for the iums part of the said contributions towards the said sum of twelve paid in; the millions, shall give a receipt or receipts in writing to every such contributor for all such sums; and that the receipts to be given ^oec. fhaQ be assignable by indorsement thereupon made, at any time 1761. before the fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and no longer.

VII. Provided always, That such cashier or cashiers shall Cashiers to give security to the good liking of any three or more of the 5*yc of of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the

time being, for duly answering and paying into the receipt of his Majest/s exchequer, for the public use, all the monies

which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive,

from time to time, of and for the said sum of twelye millions,

and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in them reposed; and shall, from time to time, monies to be

pay all such monies as soon as he or they shall receive the same, ?ycr7

or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the far* ex^equer.

theft, and shall account for the same in the exchequer, accord-

ing to the due course thereof, deducing such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this act for which

iums so paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^7roon^/i That it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the com- by^efria-missioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time fury to the* being, to issue and apply, from time to time, all such sums services voted of money as shall be so paid into the receipt of his Majesty's by parlia- exchequer, by the said cashier or cashiers, to such services as me, lt*

Audi then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this present session of parliament.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Books to be in the office of the accomptant general of the governor and provided at company of the bank of England for foe time being, a book qr

booki cnwui» c°11"

Anno secundo Georgii III.

It 76

tritatocr books shall be provided and kept, in which the names of tt Stfiwnlilt0be contr'^lutors ftuU be fairly entered; which book or books th said respective contributors^ their refnedive executors, ailmi

said respective contributors, their respective executors, adsni nistrators, successors, and assigns, shall and.may, from tinrre t time, and at all seasonable times, resort to, and inspect withoi my fee or charge; and that the said accomptant general shal on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven huruire and sixty four, transmit an attested duplicate fairly written o paper of the said book or books, into the office of the audito of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to rexnaii forever.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tha stich contributors duly paying the whole sum or Turns subscribed Cnp" at or before the respective times in this act limited in that behalf

Duplicate thereof to be trans-xnitted into the auditor's office of the exchequer. Contributors

proportional share of the annuities;

tiens are - a* respective 1

intitled to a and their respective executors, administratots, successors* an< assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intituled, by vir tue of this act, to have, deceive, and enjoy, theic proportion able share of the annuities by this act granted, in respect of the sums so subscribed, out of the monies appropriated by this ac for payment thereof; and shall have good and sure intcrefh and estates therein; subject nevertheless to redemption as is herein aftermentioned, concerning the said annuities of thret pounds per c$ntumy according to the several provisions in this a3 contained; and that all the annuities by this act granted, shall be free from all tapes, charges, and impositions whatsoever.

XI. Provided always, That in case any such contributors but not mak- who have already deposited with, or shall nereafter pay to the inggood their said cashier or cashiers any sum or sums of money, at the time* th* an<*n manner before-mentioned, in part of the sum or sums timesliinhed, so by them respectively subscribed; or the respcdfcive executors, they forfeit*administrators, successors, or assigns, shall not advance and pay what they to the said cashier or cashiers, the residue of the sum or sums so shall have paid subscribed, at the times and in the manner before-mentioned; ^u then, and in every such case, so much of the respective sum or sums so subscribed as shall have been actuallypaid in part thereof, to the said cashier or cashiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the public, and all right and title to any annuity whatsoever in respect thereof shall be extinguished; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

butm com- And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

pleating their That as soon as any contributors, their executors, administra-payments, are tors, successors, or assigns, shall have compleated their pay-

to have ipents of the whole sum payable by them respectively, towards credit in the -

books of the bank for the money (b

paid;

which may be transferred.

the said sum of nine millions six hundred thousand pounds, and two millions four hundred thousand pounds, respectively; the

Krincipal sum or sums so by them fublpribed and paid respective-iy shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, compkating such payments respectively; syid the perfoiu to whose credit such

principtf

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 4f

principal sums shall befo placed, their respective executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any part, share, or proper--tien thereof, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate whatsoever, in the books of the bank of 2?* and made land-, and such sums shall carry the respective annuities herein ilockof. before-mentioned, and shall be taken and deemed to be (lock transferrable, according to the true intent and meaning of this act. Annuities

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, charged on That the several annuities which by this act are granted and lhc made payable, in respect of the sum of twelve millions, untiltml redemption thereof by parliament, in manner herein mentioned, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of*

die monies which shall from time to time arise, and be remaining in the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, of or for the fur-phiffes, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues composing die fond commonly called The sinking fund; and the said lur-phifies, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues, are hereby appropriated for that purpose accordingly. Bank to em-

XIV. Andy for the more easy and fire payment oj all the annuities ploy a chief tftMJbei by this act, be it further enacted by the authority afore- cashier, and said. That the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, shall, from time to time, during the the purpose* continuance of the said annuities, after the rate of four pounds of this act. for e^ery one hundred pounds, capital stock, and until the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds for evfery such one hundred pounds capital stock, shall be redeemed, and until the £rid annuities for the certain term of ninety eight years shall be determined, appoint and employ one or more sufficient person or persons within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or first cashier or cashiers, and one other sufficient person Treasury to within the same office, to be their accomptant general 5 and issue monies that so much of the monies by this act appropriated for this «P°n account* purpose, as shall be sufficient, from time to time, to answer the |hePammi-t0f said several and respective annuities, and other payments herein ties to thesaidl directed to be made out of the said monies, shall, by order of cashier j the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, and obtained, in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this act appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the said receipt of exchequer, to the said first or chief cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their focccflors, for the time being, byway of imprell, and upon who is to account, for the payment of the said several and respective an- pay this miities, payable by virtue of this act $ and that such cashier or ^me. acco*J* cashiers, to whom the said money shall from time to time be if- acc^f^with sued, shall, from time to time, without delay, pay the same ac- the exche-corditigly, and render his or their accounts thereof according quer. to the due course of the exchequer.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

jOIc

44

Accompt ant-general to examine all receipts and payments of the caftiier, with the vouchers. Annuities deemed a per-ional estate.

Annuities, with respect to the said sum of 9, 600, 000l.

are made one

joint stock, transferable at the bank, with those

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

That the said accomptant general for the time being shall, from time to time, inspect and examine all receipts and payment* of the said cashier or cashiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay; and that all persons who shall beintifuled to any of the annuities hereby granted, and all persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be def-cendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise; any law, Statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies to which any person or persons shall become intituled by virtue of this act, in respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards the said sum of nine millions six hundred thousand pounds, on which the said annuities of four pounds, or of three pounds per cent. per Annum shall be attending, shall be added to, and made one joint (lock of transferable annuities at the bank of England, with the annuities granted by an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; and which by an, act made in granted by the this present Session of parliament, intituled An act for charging

jaofjjcw. tertak- r.

U &C' fat, on

certain annuities granted in the year one thousand seven hundred and the sinking fund\ and for carrying tie duties therein mentioned to the said fund; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer

fobied to redemption by pan fcamcijt,

bilhy tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders* lojly burnty or otherwise deJlroyed\ are charged upon and made payable out of the sinking fund; and also with such other four pounds per centum annuities transferable at the bank of England, as shall, by any other ad of this present session of parliament, be charged upon, and made payable out of, the sinking fund 5 subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner, and upon such notice, as in the said act made in the thirty third year of his late Majesty's reign is directed, with respect to the redemption of the annuities thereby granted; and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they, shall become intituled as aforesaid, by virtue of this act, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said joint (lock of annuities.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That books shall be constantly kept by the said accomptant general for the time being, wherein all assignments or transfers of accomptant- all sums advanced or contributed towards the said sum of nine for entering m^10ns ^1X hundred thousand pounds, and two millions four all alignments hundred thousand pounds respectively, shall, at all seasonablend transfers, times, be entered and registered; which entry shall be conceived Method of in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the par-transferring. tjcs majring such assignmepts or transfers 5 or if such parties bq absent, by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorized, in writing, under his or their hand and Teal, pr bands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible wit-r

neflfesi

Books to be kept at the

v

1761 -3 Anno secundo Georgii III. 45

nesses; and that the several persons tp whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectivelyunderwrite their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of assigning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in laVr.

XV HI. Provided also, That all persons possessed of any share Shares or in-or interest in either of the said (locks of annuities, or any ef- terest in tate or interest therein, may devise the same by will, in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses; but that no may^depayment shall be made upon any such devise, till so much of the vised by will, hid will as relates to such share, estate, or interest, in the said In default of docks of annuities, be entered in the said office; and that, in transfer default of such transfer or devise, such share, estate, or interest, in the said (locks of annuities, shall go to the executors, ami- intided nistrators, successors, and assigns; and that no stamp duties thereto, whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said transfers; any Transfer* to

law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. provided always, and be it enadle3 by the authority Treafarr im-aforesaid, That out of the monies arising from the contributions powered to towards raising the said sum of twelve millions, any three or discharge all more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall have power to discharge all such inci- tending the dent charges as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, execution of in such manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and this

also to settle and appoint such allowances as shall be thought proper, for the service, pains, and labour, of the said cashier allowances for or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said the cashiers, contributions; and also shall have power to make, out of the and other sinking fond, such further allowances as shall be judged reason- °cer'*

Ale, for the service, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or comp^1t-calhkrs for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annui- genml; ties, payable by virtue of this act; and also (or the service, pains, the same to and labour, of the said accomptant general, for performing the be at trust reposed in him by this act; all which allowances to be thedisposel, made as aforesaid, in respect to the service, pains, and labour, &Cm of the.of any officer or officers of the said governor and company,

shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and com- the bank, pany, and at their disposal only.

XX. Provided always, and be it farther enabled by the au- Bank to con-thority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the tinue a corpo-bank of England, and their successors, notwithstanding the re- ration, not-dempticm of all or any of their own funds, in pursuance of the

acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall con- of their own tinue a corporation for the purposes of this ad, till all the an- funds, t91 mmies payable in respect of the said sum of nine millons six hundred thousand pounds, shall be redeemed by parliament and

as aforesaid, and until the said annuities attending the said sum determined, of two millions four hundred thousand pounds, for the said term of ninety eight years, shall be determined; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any

member

Nofee tote taken or demanded for receiving or paying the contribution-monies; ot paying, .&c. the several

of % o 4nd full tofts Ofiuit.

Recital of clause in aft 16 Geo. II. Concerning Ispirituous liquors j «c.

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

member thereof, shall not incur any difebility, for or by reason t>f their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or gratuity, whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's subjects, for receiving pr paying the said contribution-monies, or, any of them, or for any tallies or receipts concerning the same, or for issuing the monies for paying the said federal annuities, or; any of them, or for any transfer of any sum great or small to be made in pursuance of this act;

annuities, j&c. upon pain that any offender, or person offending, by taking on penalty or demanding any such fee or reward, or gratuity, shall forfeit the sum of: twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at JVefirtHnfiers wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of la, w, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XXII. And whereas by an act made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 4C An act for repealing certain duties upon spirituous liquors 3

and on licences for retailing the fame9 and for saying other duties " on spirituous liquors, and on licences to retail thesaidliquorscertain rates and duties were laid upon spirituous liquors: And whereas loft act of^not^lcr made in the same session of parliament, intituled, i6 6w7ll. for raising* by annuities and a lottery in manner therein

C mentioned, the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds, at three pounds per centum per annum* for the service of the €i fear one thousand seven hundred and forty three f the said rates end duties upon spirituous liquors were charged with9 and made subject and liable to9 the payment of the annuities* after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, transferable at the bank of England, which by the said off were granted9 in refbeft of the principal firm of one million eight hundred thousand pounds, advanced upon the credit of the said rates and duties; and the surplus or remainder of the monies arising by the said rates and duties, after satisfying, or referring money sufficient to satisfy9 the said ftyeral and respectiveunnuities9 and all arrears thereof was by the said a8 reserved for the disposition of parliament: And whereas by an act made in the -seventeenth year of his said late Majesty's reign, intituled, An u8 for granting to his Majesty the surplus or remainder of the l< monies arisen, or to arise by the duties on spirituous liquors, granted by an act of the last session of parliament and for explaining and amend-<c ing the said a 8 in relation to the retailers of such liquors $ and for establishing an agreement with the united company of merchants " ^England trading to the East Indies; " the said surplus or remainder was charged with, and made subject and liable to the payment of an annuity or yearly film, of thirty thousand pounds to the united company of merchants cf England trading to the Lott a Indies, in manner therein mentioned: And whereas by

*7 Geo. U. °* mother made in the same session of parliament, intituled,

" An

Spirituous liquors of .27 Geo. II.

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 37

44 an act for raising by annuities and a lottery, in.manner therein mentioned, the Jim of one million eight hundred thousand pounds,

44 at three pounds per centum perannum, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty four, " toe fold surplus or remainder, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the find annuity or yearly payment of thirty thousand pounds, was charged with, and made Juhject and liable to, the payment of the annuities irons/errable at the bank ^England, which by the said act were granted, in respect of the principal sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds, advanced upon the credit of the said surplus or remainder; and the surplus or remainder of toe monies arising by or the find rates and duties, aftersatisfying, or reserving money sufficient to fiuisfy all the said several and respective annuities, and all arrears thereof, was by the said last-maitioned act reserved for the dif-pofittm of parliament: And whereas by an act made in the nineteenth vear of his said late Majesty's reign, intituled,

44. An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties ttpmgkys, and upon spirituous liquors; and for raising a certain Glassand Jim of money by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the said spirituous rates and duties$ and for obviating some doubts about making out*

orders at the exchequer for the monies advanced upon the credit of the Jolt duties, granted and continued to his Majesty by an act of the last session of parliament " certain rates and duties were laid up-m glassand upon spirituous liquors, and the said rates and duties were by the said act charged with, and made subject and liable to, the payment of the annuities transferable at the bank of England, winch by the said act were granted in respect of the principal sum of three millions, advanced upon the credit of the said rates and duties; and there edfo charged with, and made Subject and liable to, the payment of the yearly sum of forty five thousand pounds, for answering and paying the annuities for lives, payable at the exchequer, granted by the find aft-, and the surplus or remainder of the monies arising by the said rates and duties, after satisfying or reserving money sufficient to satisfy all the said several and respective annuities, was by the said act refnrved for the disposition of parliament: and whereas by an act made in the twenty fourth year of his said late Majesty's reign, intituled. Spirituous U- An act for granting to his Mqejty an additional duty upon spirituous <lu^8 °L

44 Honors, and upon ticences for retailing the fame-, and for repealing 14 ri, U*5 44 the act of the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, inti- tided. An act for granting a duty to his Majesty to be paid by dif- tillers upon licences to be taken out by themfor retailing spirituous E- quors-, and for the more effectually refraining the retailing of difiiHid spirituous liquors; and for allowing a drawback upon the exportation of British made /pints-, and that the parj/b of Scant Mary le Bon, in the county of Middlesex, shall be wider the 44 in/heftion of the head office of excise certain additional rates and duties were laid upon spirituous liquors, and the said rates and duties were, by the said act, made fiebjeft and liable to the same nfis and purposes as the then fubfi/hng duties on ftirituous liquors were at that time liable and appropriated unto: and whereas by an

4. Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

Annuity act

act made in the twenty fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign, of*5 Gt9.ll. $ intituled, cc An act for converting the fevered annuities therein mentioned, into several joint Jiocks of annuities, transferrable at the bank of England, to be charged on the sinking fundi and also for consolidating the several other annuities, therein men* 44 tioned, into several joint flocks of annuities, transferrable at the South sea house; " all the find several and respective annuities transferrable at the bank of England, herein before mentioned to have been charged upon any of the several rates and duties upon spirituous liquors, were, from the time in the said act mentioned charged upon, and directed to be paid out of, the sinking fundy and such of the said rates and duties upon spirituous liquors as had been granted and appropriated by the several and respective acts, in the said last mentioned act before recited; that is to say, by the acts which have been herein before mentioned to have been made in the fexteenth, seventeenth, and nineteenth years of his find late Majestyt reign, for payment of the said several and respectivt annuities transferrable at the bank of England, as aforesaid, were directed to be carried to, and made part of, the said sinking fund, after reserving sufficient to pay the annuities fir lives at the ex-' chequer, and other charges and incumbrances charged on the find

rates and duties: and whereas the rates and duties on spirituous liquors granted by the said act of the twenty fourth year of his said late Majesty's reign, not being by the said act of the twenty fourth year of his said late Majesty's reign, directed to be carried to, and made part of, the sinking fund, Jlill remaining fiubject and liable, in common with the former rates and duties on spirituous liquors, to the payment of such charges and incumbrances originally charged upon the said rates and duties on spirituous liquors, as had not been by virtue of the said act of the twenty fifth year of the reign of his said late Majesty transferred to the sinking fund-, that is to Jay, to the payment of the annuity of thirty thousand pounds to the East India company; and also to the yearly payment of forty five thm-sand pounds, for answering and paying certain annuities for lives, payable at the exchequer; and the surplus of the said rates and duties granted by the act of the twenty fourth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, Jlill remained, by virtue of the several acts herein before recited, reserved for the disposition of parlia- Sftirituous ment: and whereas by an act of the thirty third year of the liquors of 33 reign of his said late Majesty, intituled An act for preventing Geo. II. «c the excejjivg ufi of spirituous liquors, by laying additional du- ties thereon 5 for fljortening the prohibition of making low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or other grain, and from meal flour, and bran-, for encouraging the exportation of British made spirits; and for more effectually flouring the duties payable upon spirits; and preventing the fraudulent relanding or importation thereof $*' certain farther additional rates and duties were laid on spirituous liquors, and were, by the said act, directed to be appropriated and applied to the same uses and purposes as the then fiubfifling duties on spirituous liquors were, at that time, applicable and appropriated unto j so that as well the surplus

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 49

plus er remainder of the monies arisen or to arise from the said rates and duties upon spirituous liquoi s granted by the said act of Ike twenty fourth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, as from those granted by the said act of the thirty third year of his said late Majesty, after Jatisfyitig the said annuities or yearly payments of thirty thousand pounds, and forty five thousand pounds, to the payment of which all the duties on spirituous liquors, granl-id by the fiveral acts herein before mentioned, Jland in the first place liable and appropriated, do, by virtue of the said several acts, fiand reserved for tkedifposition of parliament: and where Js the annuities payable by virtue of this act in respect of the sum of twelve millions, are hereby charged upon> and directed to be paid out of the sinking fundi be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from Surplus of and after the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred monies and sixty two, the surplus or remainder of the monies which duties ori* shall, from time to time, arise by the said rates and duties upon spirirU0Us spirituous liquors granted by the said acts of the twenty fourth and liquors, thirty third years of his said late Majesty's reign, after plying or granted by referring, from time to time, at the receipt of his Majesty's ex- reritC£ chequer, money sufficient to satisfy and pay the said annuity of^thirty thousand pounds, payable as aforesaid to the united com- after paying pany of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and the annuity also the said yearly payment of forty five thousand pounds for r<*

answering the fakl annuities for lives, payable at the exchequer*

shall be carried to, and made part of, the sinking fund, towards 45, 000l. tot making good the interest or annuities charged by this act on the annuities for said fund. lives payable

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ch^uerTtobe That the monies which shall, from time to time, arise and be earned into remaining in the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, of the ad- the sinking ditional rates and duties on spirituous liquors, grahted to hid tund.

Majesty by an act of this present session of parliament, intituled,

An act for more effectually preventing the cXcetfive use of spirituous chequer by liquors for home consumption^ by laying additional duties Upon J'pirits the additional made in Great Britain, or imported into the farhe j and for better re- duties on fpi-gulating and encouraging the exportation of British made spirits; and ^J^U8 for securing the payment of the duties upon spirituous liquors 1 be also an a&of

; fund, towards making by this act on the said

this session, to be carried into the flak-

carried to, and made part of, the finkinj good the interest or annuities charged

hind*

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, u That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue. General issue. and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, in his or their defence or defences: And if, afterwards, a verdict shall pais for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their action or actions, or be nonsuited, or judgment shall be given, against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwhe, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such Treble costs, plaintiff or plaintiffs,

Vol. XXV. £ DicrCAft1'-

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

CAP. XI.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion \ and far the better payment of the army and their quarters.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the raising and keeping a standing army with* this kingdom in time of peace j unless it be with consent ef parliament, is against law: and whereas his Majesty is engaged in a jujl and nuessary war against France and Spam: and whereas it is judged necessary by his Majesty, and this present parliament, That a body of forces Should be continued for the safety of this kingdom, the defence of the possessons of the crown of Great Britain, and the preservation of the ballance of power in Europe; and that Number of the whole number of such forces Should confijl of sixty seven thousand force* b7>67&* six hundred and seventy six, including four thousand and eight invalids: 4>oo8 invalids. an^ whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subject in time of peace to any kina of punishment within this realm, by martial lawi or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers, ttnd according to the known and established laws of this realm; yet never tholefiy it being requisite for the retaining such forces in their duty that an exaSf difapline be observed, and that Jobbers who shall mutiny i or Jlir up /edition, orjball desert his Majesty's service within this realm, or the kingdom of Ireland, Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, or the islands thereto belonging, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and

After »4 March 1761, during the continuance of this act, every officer and private man, who shall mutiny or desert, See. or lift in any other regiment, See. or shall be found deeping on, or shall desert his post, or hold illegal correspondence with the enemies of his Majesty, or shall (trike, or dilbbey, his superior officer* shall fuffitr death, or such punishment as a

court-martial shall inflict.-The King may grant comnnifion to hold a

court-martial, &c. — Court-martial may infhft corporal punishment for

immoralities, See.--- General court-martial not to consist of left than 13;

and the president to be a field officer, or officer next in fenidrity, not under the degree of a captain. — May administer an oath to witnesses.

- Officers to be sworn. The oaths. — The judge-advocate to be

sworn. The oath.---- In sentences of death, nine officers to concur, &c.

Hours of trial — The party tried, in titled to a copy of the sentence

and proceedings of the court-martial.--Original proceedings, Scc. of

courts martial to be transmitted to the judge-advocate general in London*

See.--- None to be tried a second time for the same offence, except in

case of appeal. — This act not to exempt (bldiers from ordinary process. — Penalty on false certificates to excuie soldiers from musters.--- Penalty on officers making falie musters, See. - Fictitious names allowed by his Majesty's order upon the muster-rolls for the maintenance of

officers widows, not to be construed a false muster.-MuAer-ra alter to

give notice of muster to a mayor, See. Penalty on neglect. Muster-rolls

to be signed by the mayor, See.--- Penalty on persons offering themselves

to be falfiy mustered.--- Horses falsly muttered, to be forfeited, See.

Forfeiture how to be levied.--- Officer embezzelling, Scc. military stores,

to be cashiered, and forfeit ioo1. and the damage to be made good by sale of his goods and chattels 5 for want of diArefs the person to oe committed, Application of the forfeiture, — Muster-master taking a

muster

Anno secundo Georgii III.

5*

mutter, to make oath. The oath. ---- Mutter rolls, though transmitted

Without the oath indorsed to the pay-matters general, to be goOd vouchers

to the auditor. --Penalty on agents, &c. detaining officers or soldiers

pay. Weekly rates. Penalty on agents disobeying orders.---- Surgeon*

See. within ten miles of Londont Sec. to certify who are fickj and commanding officers, who are employed in raising recruits. — Penalty on officers muttering persons by wrong names. — Constables, Sec. to quarter officers and men in inns, alehouses, &c. but in no dittillers houses, or (hop-keepers, or in any private houses. Penalty on constables, See. quartering soldiers in private houses, &c. and on officers quartering soldiers contrary to this 28, See. Persons aggrieved by being quartered 011, may complain to any justices, and be relieved. No justice having any military office,

to be concerned in billeting his soldiers.--- Officers and soldiers to pay

rates for their provisions.--- What inn-holders may allow men quartered

on them instead of meat. --Penalty on officer talcing money to excufb

the quartering. — Dragoons, Sec. and their horses to be billeted in the lame hoofe.--- Manner of* changing men and horses.-- Clause relating to a Soldier's settlement for his wife and children*-- Officers* &c*

to oe quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the union direct. — No pay matter, See. to make deductions out of officers or soldiers pay. — Exceptions.« — - Treasury may iffile out the money due for clothing every two months. Pay-matters to oedu& the off-reckonings. — Officers td give notice to inn-keepers of subsistence-money in their hands. Rates of lablilfence to be paid to inn-keepers, Sec. for soldiers quarters. Penalty on officers not paying subsistence-money.--On non payment of quarters the officer to make up accounts, Sec. --- No mutter in Westminster

See. but in the presence of two or more jufUces.--- Constables, Sec. may

billet soldiers in Westminster^ Sec. Petty constables, See. to quarter foldiera

In their repealve divisions.-Constables, Sec. to deliver lifts at quarter-

ftflioni, on oath, of inhabitants, and soldiers quartered in their respective divisions; to be inspected without tec. Copies of such lifts to be wrote by the clerk at % d. per (hett, containing 150 words. Penalty on default. Penalty on giving defcctive lilts. How to be levied.--- This act to extend

to jersey, Sec.--- Mutter-rolls to be closed on day of mutter, and returned

to the pay-matter of the forces, See. Penalty. -- Justices may order

constables to provide carriages. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's journey, Sec.*Penalty on constables. Sec. neglect. — Treasurers of the county to repay thsr constables extraordinary charges. — The money for those purposes how

to be raised.--No waggon, Scc. to carry above 30 hundred weight. —

Carriages in Scotland how to be provided.--Soldiers wives, Scc. not to

b« quartered without consent. Penalty.--- Penalty on officers or soldiers

destroying the game.---- How the account of every regiment shall be

kept.--- Penalty on pay-matter, Sec. — Penalty ou colonels.

Non commission officer erabezzeling the soldiers pay, Stc. to be reduced, kc. — Justices may commit deserters. — Reward for taking-up deserters. — Penalty on persons concealing deserters, or buying their arms, clothes. Sec. — Penalty on officer breaking open house without

warrant. — His Majesty empowered to make articles of war. ---- None

to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes expressed to be so punishable by this act. — Deserters beyond sea. Scc. may be tried here or in Ireland.

- Tins&. to extend to deserters, Sic. in Ireland, See.---- Persons

acquitted by the civil magistrate may only be cafiiiered by a court-martial. -7 — Persons accused of capital crimes, Scc. to be delivered over to the

civil magistrate, Sec.--- Pay-matters, Scc. to account with executors.

Persons feed may plead the general ifloe. Treble costs.--All (uits to

be brought in some of the courts of record at Westm*fltr % or Dnblm, or the

court ot session in Scotland.--- Continuance of this act.---- Penalties

against the act 1 Geo. I. where to be sued for. — No volunteer liable to procefil, tmleft for same criminal matter, or unless for a real debt of the value of to/. Oith of the debt to be made before a judge, and marked on the bock of tke procefe. Plaintiff may file a common appearance. — Penalty on taking money to excuse any perfim from quartering*or vi&uaUers refusing to quarter soldiers. — Justices may order conltabUa to pvt an account ox the number of foldur* quartered, Sec, — How

£ % ^ogpg

ogle-

£4 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

troops are to pay in passing oVcr ferries in Scotland. Gause for relief

of persons'hatHly emitting themselves. Persons refafing the said relief, to be proceeded against, as if duly lifted. — - Offences against former mutiny acts punishable by this act. — None liable to be tried or punished for offences against former acts, unless committed within three years;

except for desertion.--- Officers* See. of the train of artillery iubjtrft to this act. American troops acting in conjunction with British forces, liable to

the same martial laws. -- Officers and soldiers of the American troops

sent over to Great Britain, to be quartered and billetted as the British

forces, and under the same regulations and penalties.--- This act not

to extend to the militia farther than is directed by the militia laws.

CAP. XII.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it may be necessary for the safety of this kingdom, y y Qn^ t^e ^pnce 0j t}je pojfrssions of the crown of Great Britain, That a body of marine forces Should be employed in his Majesty's fleet and naval service, under the direction of the lord high admiral'9 or of for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain: and whereas the said marine forces may fro» questly be quartered on Shore, where they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of his Majesty's forces by sea \ yet neverthelessj it being requisite for the retaining of such forces in their duty, That an exalt discitline be observedy and that n.arines who shall mutiny, or Jlir up fcaition, or shall desert his Majesty's service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the law willallosb, be i t enjifted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, if any person being entered, or in pay as an officer of marines, or who is, or shall be listed, or in pay as a private man, in any company 6f marines in his Majesty's service, and on the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, shall re- mau, on Shore, main in such service, or during the continuance of this act, shall be voluntarily entered, and in pay, as, a marine officer or priv^e man in his Majesty's service, and being ordered or employed in such service, at any time, during the continuance of this act, on shore, in any place within the realm of Great Britain, ri»y or desert, orn kingdom Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas respectively, shall begin, excite, cause, or

join in any mutiny or sedition, in the company to which he doth or shall belong, or in any other company, troop, or regiment, either of marine or land forces, in his Majesty's service, or shall not use his utmost endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the knowledge of any such mutiny, or intended mutiny, shall not without delay give information thereof to his commanding officer, or shall desert his Majesty's service j or being actually entered as a marine, in any company, shall lift himself in any other company, troop, or regiment, in his Majesty's service, without first having a discharge in writing from the officer commanding in chief the company in which he last served as a marine* or shall be found sleeping upon his post, or shall leave it( Mihail he fAf.a|, before

After 15 March 1762, during the continuance of this act, every marine officer and private

&c.

or lift in any other regiment, See.

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 53

before relieved; or shall hold correspondence with any rebel, or found deeping enemy of his Majesty, or give them advice or intelligence of any bind, by any ways or means, or in any manner whatsoever; or or hold illegal* shall treat with fuel) rebels or enemies, or enter into any condi- correspond-tien with them, without his Majesty's licence, or licence of the with the

lord high admiral of Great Britain or of three or more of the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of or shallftrike. Great Britain for the time being; or shall (tribe, or use any vio- ovdisobeyhis fence against his superior officer, being in the execution of his Superior of-office; or shall disobey any lawful command of his superior of- J?CT> ficer; all and every person arutpersons so offending in any or orfuchpu- either of the matters before-mentioned, on (hpre, in any part of niflimentas a this kingdom or Ireland, or any of his Majesty's dominions be- court-martial yond the seas, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as shall inflict. by a court martial shall be inflicted.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it-The lord high shall and may, from time to time, during the continuance of this admiral, or aft, be lawful to and for the said lord high admiral, or three or so^c^t!ne# more of the said of for executing the said office of that office, S lord high admiral for the time being, to grant a commissioi) un- may grant a der his or their respective hand or hands, to any officer of ma- commMlon to lines in his Majesty's service, not under the degree of a field of- pourtfmaar ficer, for the holding a general court-martial at any place or pla- tial, $c.

ces on shore, in this realm or in Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas; in every of which courts-mar* tial, all or any of the offences aforesaid, and all or any other of the offences herein after specified, shall be tried and proceeded against in such manner as by this act is directed.

III. And be it also enacted, That it shall and may be lawftil to Courts-mar* and for such courts-martial respectively, by their sentence or judgment, to inflict corporal punishment, not extending to punMm<mt life or limb, on any marine for immorality, misbehaviour, or ne- for immora-gleft of duty on shore, in any place or places within this realm hties, &c.

or Ireland*, or any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas, during the continuance of this act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Lords, &c. of it shall and may be lawful to and for the said lord high admiral, the admiralty or three or more of the commissioners for executing the said of-

fiee of lord high admiral, at any time during the continuance of for puniffi-this act, to make and establish rules and articles in writing un- ment of mu-derhisor their respective hand or hands, for the punishment of J.inX ancJ* mutiny and desertion, immorality, misbehaviour, and neglect of lcrUon> duty, m any of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore in any part of this realm or Ireland, or any of his majesty's dominions, beyond the seas, and for bringing offenders against the same to justice, andjto erect and constitute courts-martial, with power to and to confH. try, hear, and determine, any crimes or offences specified in ffich tutecouru-rules and articles, and inflict punishmentsby feptence or judgmentInaru for the same, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

V. Provided always, That no person or persons shall be adjudged

to suffer any punishment extending to 1 feor limb, by the said ^JJ^cdof rules or articles within the kingdom of Great Britain, or Ireland, ^i^orlfmh,

E 3 Digit but for crimes

54

expressedtobe io punrrtiable by this act. General court-martial not to consist of lets than i and thepresident to be a field officer, or officer next in fenjority, not under the degree of a captain.

May ad mini-(ter an oath to witndfe*. Officers to be lworu.

The oath.

The path.

The judge advocate to be sworn.

The oath.

In sentences of death, nine officers to cortcur, &c.

Annp secundo Georgii III. [1761.

excppt for such crime or crimes as is or are expressed to be fa punishable by this act.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no general court-martial which shall have power to (if by virtue of this act, shall consist of a less number than thirteen, whereof none tQ be under the degree of a commission officer of marines; and the president of such court-martial shall not be under the degree of a field officer of marines, unless where such field officer cannot be had; in which case, the marine officer next in seniority to such field officer, not being under the degree of a captain, mall preside at such court-martial; and that such court-martial shall have power and authority, and are hereby required to administer an oath to every witness, in order to the examination or trial of any of the offences that shall come before them.

VII. Provided always, That in all trials of offenders by general courts-martial, to beheld by virtue of this act, every officer present at such trial, before any proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following oaths upon the holy evangelists, before the court, and judge advocate, or his deputy (who are hereby authorized to administer the same) in these words; that is to fey,

YOU fall well and truly try and determiney awarding to the evidence which shall be given in the matter now before you, between our Sovereign lord the King's Majesty, and the prisoner to be tried:

So help you God.

I A. R. do swear, Tlrnt I will duly adminiflcrjustice, according to an act of parliament now in forcefor the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces wlnle on shore, and according to the rules and articles made in pursuance of the said act of parliament for the punishment of mutiny mi desertion, and other crimes therein respectively mentioned, without partiality favour*, or ajfeftien; and if any doubt shall arifey which is not explained by the said act of parliament, or the said rules and article$y according to my confciencey the best of my understanding, and the custom of war in tile cases. And I further swear, That / will not divulge the J'entence of the court until it shall be approved by tly lord high admiral, or three or more of the emmissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain 5 neither will /, upon any account, at any timeivhatsoevery disclose or dtfeoverthe vote or opinion of any particular member of the court-martials unless required to give evidence thereof as a witness, by a court of justice in a due course of law: Sp help me God.

And so soon as the said oaths shall have been administered to the respective members, the president of the court is hereby authorized and Required to administer to the judge advocate, or to the per-(bn officiating as such, an oath in the following words:

I A.B. do swear, That I will not, upon any account, at any time whatsoever, disclose or discover the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court-martial, unless required to give rjidence thereof as a witness, by a court of justice in a due course of law:

So help me God. And no sentence of death shall be given against any offender by any such general court-martial, as aforesaid, unless nine officers

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 55

present shall concur therein; and if there be more officers pre- lent than thirteen, then the judgment shall pass by the concurrence of two thirds of the officers present; and no proceeding or

trial shall be had upon any offence, but between the hours of*our# eight of the clock in the morning and three in the afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate example.

VIII. Provided always, That the party tried by any general The party tricourt-martial to be held as aforesaid, shall be intitled to a copy ofd, intitled to the sentence and proceedings of such court-martial, upon demand sentence and* thereof made by himself, or by any other person or persons on his proceedings of behalf (he or they paying reasonably for the same) at any time the court-not sooner than three months after such sentence, whether such martial, sentence be approved or not $ any thing in this ail to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Original projudge advocate* or person officiating as such at any general ceedings, &c, court-martial, to be held as aforesaid, do, and he is hereby re- ^rtiaMo he cjuired to transmit, with as much expedition as the opportunity transmitted tq of time and distance of place can admit, the original proceedings thefecretary and sentence of such court-martial to the secretary of the admi- of the admiralty for the time being; which original proceedings and fen- ralt

tence shall be by him carefully kept and preferred in the office of the admiralty of Great Pritainy to the end that the persons in* titled thereto maybe enabled, upon application to the said office, to obtain copies thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

X. Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enabled, N?nf tobe

That no marine, either officer or private man, being acquitted or for^e

convicted of any offence at any such court-martial as aforesaid, offence,

shall be liable to be tried a second time by the same or any other court-martial for the same offence; and that no sentence given ^ThTreviifH by any court-martial, and signed by the president thereof, be li- more ti, an able to be revised more than once. once.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any officer or private man Deserters be-shall desert his majesty's service in any of his dominions beyond ^aybe tried' the seas, or elsewhere Deyond the seas, and shall escape and come here or in Ire-into this realm, or /rr/W, before he be tried by a couit-martial land.

for such offence and shall be apprehended for the same, such of* ficer or private man shall be tried for the same as if the said of^ fence had been committed within this realm.

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this a<£l contained shall Thisndl not

extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any marine, either ^froni officer or private man whatsoever, while on shore, from being ordinary pre^ proceeded against by the ordinary course of law. cess,

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no person Persons ac-or persons being acquitted or convicted of any capital crimes, vio-

lences, or offences by the civil magistrate, shall be liable to be pu- ttema'y* nished by a court-martial for the same otherwise than by cashiering. only be ca-

XIV. Provided also, and be it funher enacted, That if any marine ftiiered by a officer, non-commission officer, or private man, shall be accused ^(bnT^cuf of any capital crime, or of any violence or offence against the ed of capital*person^ estate^ or property, of any of his majesty's subjects, which crimes, &c. to

56

be delivered over to the civil magistrate,

Ac.

Fiditious names allowed by his Majesty's order upon the mu-fter- rolls, for the maintenance of of -ficers widows, not to be confirmed a false mutter.

Paymaster to pay the'fall

pay of fa'ch

men to the

receiver.

Anno secundo Georgii III. 1761.]

is punishable by the known laws of the land; the commanding officer or officers of every company, or party, is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost endeavours to deliver over Such accused person to the civil magistrate; and shall also be aiding and assisting to the officers of justice in the seizing and apprehending such offender, in order to bring him to trial: and if any such commanding officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse* upon application made to him for that purpose, to deliver over any such accused person to the civil magistrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the officers of justic^ in the apprehending such offender; every such officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the peace for the county where the fad is committed, by the oath of two credible witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's service; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

A V. And whereas his Majesty hath been graciously pleased, in compassion to thg distressed condition of several widows of officers of the army, who have lost their lives in the service of the lat^ war, or during the late rebellion, by orders made under his royal sign manual, to direct his commissary general of the musters, to allow upon the muster-rolls of all the regiments, troops, and companies, a number of fiditious names therein mentioned, instead of private men, in order to raise and settle a fund for the inaintenance of such widows of officers as are or shall be intitle<J to his rbyal bounty: therefore, for the more effectually fulfilling his Majesty's said gracious intentions, with respect to the allowing of fiditious names upon the muster-rolls of the said ma-, rine forces While on shore, for the purposes aforesaid; be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful, dunng the continuance of this act, to and for the said lord high admiral, or three or more of the said commissioness for executing the said office of lord high admiral for the time being, by orders in writing under his or their respective hand or hands, to direct the person for the time being authorized to pay the said marine forces, to pay over the full pay of such fiditious private men as shall be allowed on the muuer-rolls of the said marine forces while on shore as aforesaid, to the proper receiver appointed'by his majesty, according to such orders and instructions as his majesty, shall be pleased to iqa^e under his sign manual, for the purpose aforesaid; and that no allowance of any such fiditious name upon any muster-rollof the said marine forces while on shore as aforesaid, shall be construed to be a false muster; any thing in this or any former act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas there is and may be occasion for the marching and quartering of the said marine forces in several parts of this kingdom; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Xhat

for

51761.] Ajwio feoundo Georgii III. 57

for and during the continuance of this act, and no longer, in Co?*Jkbk*» pursuance of an order or orders, in writing in that behalf, under ^cersTnd* the hand of the said lord high admiral, or under t^e hands of ^en in inns, three or more of the commissioners for executing the office of ajer^o.Mfoa, lord high admiral for the time being, it shall and may be lawful Sec. to and for the constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other chief officers and magistrates of cities, towns, and villages, and other places, within England* JValisy and the town of Berwick itfxa Tweedy and in their default or absence, for any one justice of the peace inhabiting in or near any such city, towq, village, or place, and for no others; and such constables, and other ci-r v3 magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the marines, both officers and private men in his Majesty's service, in inns, livery stables, ale-houses, victualling-houses, and thehouses of fellers of wine by retail to be drank in their own houl^s, or places thereunto belonging, and allhouses of persons felling brandy, strong waters, cyder, ormetheglin, by retail, to be drank in houses, other than and except the house or houses of any distillers, who keep houses or places of distilling brandy But in no dif- and strong waters, and the house of any shopkeeper, whoseprin- s houses cipal dealings shall be more in other goods and merchandises, ^than in brandy and strong waters (so as such distillers and (hop- private " keepers do not permit or suffer tippling in his or their houses) houses* and in no other, and in no private houses whatsoever, without thp consent of the occupier; nor shall any more billets gt any time be ordered, than there are effective marines present to be quartered: and if any constable, tythingman, or such like officer or magistrate as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter, or billet any such ofheer or private man in any such private house, without the consent of the occupier; in such case, such occupier shall have his or their remedy at law against such magistrate or officer, for the damage that such occupier shall sustain thereby: and if any marine officer shall take upon him to quarter private men otherwise than is limited and allowed by this act, or shall penalty on use or offer any mengee or compulsion to any mayors, constables, oflf\cers quv< or other civil officers before mentioned, tending to deter and dif- y^men* courage any of them from performing any part of their duty here- contrary to by required or appointed; such marine officer shall for every such this act, Scc* offence (being thereof convicted before any two or more of the next justipes of the peace of the county, by the oath of two cre-dibkwitncffes) be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hqld any military employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's service; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next quarter sessions of the peace of the said county, and a certificate thereof, be transmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial; and in case any person shall find persons ag-Ijimfelf aggrieved, in that such constable, tythingman, or head- grieved bybe-borough, chief officer, or magistrate (such chief officer or ma- ing quartered giffarare not being a justice of the peajre) has quartered or billet- piai^ny01* edin his house a greater number of marines than heoqght to {unices and

bear

5»

be relieved.

Officers and marines to be furaished at the rates herein set for their provisions.

What inn-, holders may allow men quartered on them, iniiead or meat.

Penalty on taking money toexcufeany person from quartering.

Anno secundo Georgii III. [ r 76 r.

bear in proportion to his neighbours; and shall complain thereof to one or more justice or justices of the peace of the division, city* or liberty* where such marines are quartered; or in case such chief officer or magistrate shall be a justice of the peace, then on complaint made to two or more junices of the peace of such division, city* or liberty, such justice or justices respecti vely shall have, and is or are hereby declared to have power to relieve such person, by ordering such and so many of the said marines to be removed, and quartered upon such other person or persons, as they shall see cause; and such other person or persons shall be obliged to receive such marines accordingly.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That the marine officers and private men so quartered and billeted as aforesaid, shall be received and furnished with diet and small beer by the owners of the inns, livery stables, ale-houses, victualling-houses, and the houses of fellers of wine by retail, to be drank in their own houses, or places thereunto belonging, and other houses in which they are allowed to be quartered and billeted by this act; paying and allowing for the same the several rates herein after-mentioned to be payable out of the subsistence-money for diet and small beer,

XVIII. Provided always, That in case any innholder or other person on whom any non-commission officers or private men shall be quartered by virtue of this act (except on a march, or employed in recruiting; and likewise except the recruits by them raised, for the space of seven days at jnoft, for such non-commission officers and private men who are recruiting, and recruits by them raised) shall be desirous to fumish such non-commission officers or private men with candles, vinegar, and salt, and with either small beer or evder, hot exceeding five pints for each man per Diem, gratis, an^ allow to such non-commission officers or private men the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating their meat, and shall give notice of such his desire to the commanding officer, and shall fumish apd allow the same accordingly; then, and in such case, the non-commission officers and private men so quartered shall provide their own victuals; and the officer to whom it belongs to receive, or who shall actually receive the pay and subsistence of such non-commission officers and private men, shall pay the several sums herein after-mentioned to be payable out of the subsistence-money for diet and small beer, to the non-commission officers and private men aforesaid, and not to the innholder or other person on whom such non-commission officers and private men are quartered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacteaby the authority aforesaid, That if any marineofficer shall take, or cause to be taken, or knowingly suffer to be taken, any money of any person for excusing the quartering of officers or private men, or any of them, in any house allowed by this act, every such officer shall be cashiered, and be incapaole of serving in any military employment whatsoever.

XX. Art

59

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III.

XX. And whereas it may be for the benefit of the service, for she commanding officer to have a power to exchange the billets or quarters of marines, quartered in the same town or placer be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the command- Commanding ing officer of marines, in any town or place where such marine °ccr may forces are quartered, shall, and he is hereby declared to have power, from time to time, to exchange any marine or marines quarter*, quartered in such town or place, for any other marine or marines quartered in the same town or place, provided the number of men do not exceed the number at that time billeted on such houses respectively, where such men shall be exchanged; and the constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other chief of- Constablwto ficers and magistrates, of the cities, towns, and villages, or other b, Uct places where any of the said marine forces shall be quartered, accor in*are hereby required to billet such men so exchanged accordingly.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ! hat Nopaymaster from and after the twenty fifth day of March9 one thousand fe- &c. to make ven hundred and sixty two, no pay master, or other officer or person whatsoever, shall receive any fees, or make any deductions ^private0"* whatsoever out of the pay of any marine, either officer or private men'* pay. man, in his Majesty's service, or from their agents, which shall grow due from and after the said twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, other than the usual de- Exceptions, duftions for cloathing; and twelve pence in the pound to be disposed of as his Majesty shall think fit; and the one day's pay in the year for the use or the royal hospital at Chelsea\ and such other necessary deductions as shall from time to time be directed by the said lord high admiral, or three or more of the commissioners for executing the office of lord admiral for the time being, by order in writing under his or their respective hand or hands.

xxii. And that the quarters both of the said marine officers and private men, while on shore, as aforesaid, may, during the continuance of this act, be duly paid and satisfied, and his Majesty's -duties for excise better answered, be it enacted by the authority giVe^tice to aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fifth day of innkeeper*ot March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, every officer subsistence-or other person to whom it belongs to receive, or that shall actually receive, the pay or subsistence-money, for one or more*cir'particular company or companies of the said marine forces, or otherwise, shall immediately, upon each receipt of every particular sum which shall, from time to time, be paid, returned, or come to his or their hands, on account of payor subsistence, give public notice thereof to all persons keeping inns, or other places where officers or private men are quartered by virtue of this act; and shall also appoint the said innkeepers, and others, to repair to their quarters at such times as they shall appoint for the distrl-bution and payment of the said pay or subsistence-money to such officers or private men, which shall be within four days at the farthest after the receipt of the same as aforesaid; anti the said innkeepers, and others, shall then and there acquaint such officer or officers with the accounts or debts (if any dull be) between

them

6o

Rates of subsistenceto be paid to inn -keepers, kc. for marines quarters.

Officers not giving notice 6f subsistence-money, and paying quarter.

paymaster to satisfy them out of the company's next'pay.

and officer to be cashiered.

On moving from quarters, the officer to make up accounts, and give certificates for money due, &c. Paymaster to pay the sum certified for.

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

them and the officers and private men so quartered in their respective houses; which accounts the said officer or officers is or are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the same, before any part of the said pay or subsidence be distributed either to the officers or private men: provided the said accounts exceed not, for one marine commission officer under the degree of a captain, for such officer's diet and small beer, per diem, one shilling; and if such officer Should have a horse orhorses, for each such horse or horses* for their hay and draw, per diem> six pence $ nor for one private man's diet and small beer, per diem9 four pence: and if any officer or officers, as aforesaid, shall not give notice as aforesaid, and shall not immediately, upon producing such account dated, satisfy, content, and pay the same; upon complaint and oath made thereof, by any two witnesses, at the next quarter sessions for the county or city wherein such quarters were (which oath the justices of the peace at such sessions arp hereby authorized and required to administer) the paymader or person for the time being authorized to pay the said marine forces is hereby required and authorized (upon certificate of the said judices before whmn such oath was made, of the sum due upon such accounts, and the persons to whom the same is owing) to pay and satisfy the said sums out of the arrears due to the said marine officer or officers, upon penalty that such paymader or person shall forfeit their respective place or places of paymader or otherwise, and be discharged from holding the same for the future: and in case there shall be no arrears due to the said officer or officers, then the said paymader or person for the time bein* authorized to pay the said marine forces, is hereby authorized and required toaedud the sums he shall pay, pursuant to the certificate of the said judices, out of the next pay or sub-fiflence-money of the company to which such officer or officers shall belong; and such officer or officers shall, for such their of* fence, or for neglecting to give notice of the receipt of such pay or subsidence-money, as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipso facto cadiiered. And where it shall happen that the subsidence-money due to any marine officer or private man shall, by occasion of any accident, not be paid to such officer or private man, or speh officer or private man shall ne-i gled to pay the same, so that quarters cannot be, or are not paid, as this act directs; in every such case, it is hereby further eri-acted, Thqteyery such officer shall, before his or their departure out of his or their quarters, where such company shall remain for any time whatsoever, piake up the accounts, as this act di-reds, with every person with whom such company shall have quartered, and figri a certificate thereof, and give the said certificate, so by him signed, to the party to "whom such money is due, wit!) the name of such company to which he or they shall belong; to the end the said certificate may be forthwith transmitted to the proper paymader of the marines, who is hereby required immediately to make payment thereof to the person or persons to whom such money shall be due, to the end the same may be

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 61

applied to such company, under pain as is before in this act dU redfed for nonpayment of quarters-

XXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Officers, &c. shall and may be lawful to quarter officers and private men of his*

Majesty's marine forces in Scotland', in such and the like places and janci, as th"e houses as officers and private men of the land forces might have laws in force.been quartered in by the laws in force in Scotland at the time of a*union the union; and that the possessorsof such houses shall only be

liable to furnish the said marine officers and private men quartered there, as by the said laws in force at the time of the union was provided, with respect to the officers and private men of the land forces; and that no such marine officer shall be obliged to pay for his lodging, where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the liiburbs of Edinburgh.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Justices to or-That for the better and more regular, provision of carriages for foprovtfe* his Majesty's marine forces in their marches, or for their arms, carriages for clothes, or accoutrements, in England, Wales> and the town of the marine Berwick upon Tweed, all justices of the peace, within their feve- forces on

rai counties, ridings, divisions, shires, liberties, and precincts, thwr march* being duly required thereunto by the said lord high admiral, or three or more of the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being, by an order in writing under his or their respective hand or hands, shall, as often as such order shall be brought and shewn unto one or more such justices, by the officer or officers of the company or companies of marines so ordered to march, issue out his or their warrant or warrants to the high constables or petty constables of the division, riding, city, liberty, hundred, or precincft, from, through, near, or to which such company or companies shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make such provision for carriages with able men to drive the same, as shall be mentioned in the said warrant, allowing them sufficient time to do the same, that the neighbouring parts may not always bear the burthen: and in case Efficient carriages cannot be provided within any such riding, city, liberty, hundred, division, orprecinst; then the next justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, or division, shall, upon such order as aforesaid being brought or shewn to one or more of them, by any of the marine officers aforesaid, issue his or their warrant or warrants to the high constables or petty constables of such next county, riding, liberty, division, or precin<ft, for the purposes aforesaid, to make up such deficiency: and the aforesaid officer or officers, who by virtue of the aforesaid warrant or warrants from such justice or justices of the peace, is or are to demand the carriage or carriages therein mentioned, of the high constable or petty constable to whom the warrant is directed, is and are hereby required at the same time to pay down in hand to the said constable or petty constable, for the use of the person who shall provide such carriages and men, the sum of one {billing for every*atcscar. mik any waggon 'with five horses fhsdl travel i and the sum of msc*'

/ one

6a

Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's v journey, &c.

Penalty on conftaSles, ice. neglect.

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

one shilling for every mile any wain with fix oxen, or four oxen with two horses, mall travel, and the sum of nine pence for every mile any cart with four horses shall travel; and lo in proportion for less carriages; for which respective sums so received, the said constable or petty constable is hereby required to give a receipt in writing to the person or persons paying^he same: and such constable or petty constable shall order and appoint such person or persons, having carriages within their respe&iye liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and for-ni(h such carriages and men, according to the warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and fomish the same accordingly: and if any marine officer or officers, for the use of whose Company or companies the carriage was provided, shall force and constrain any waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, to travel morethanone day's journey, or shall notdischargethe famein due time for their return home, or shall suffer any marine or servant (except such as are sick) or any woman to ride in the waggon* wain, cart, or carriage aforesaid, or shall force any constable of petty constable, by threatening* or menacing wonis, to provide (addle horses for themselves or servants, or shall force horses from the owners by themselves, servants, or private men, every such officer, for every such offence, shall forfeit the (urn of five pounds; proof thereof being made upon oath before two of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the same county or riding, who are to certify the same to the proper paymaster of his Majesty's marine forces, who is hereby tequired to pay the aforesaid lum of five pounds accordingly, to the order and appointment under the hands and seals of such justices of the peace, and is also hereby empowered to deduct the same out of such officer's pay.

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any high constable or petty constable shall wilfully neglect or refute to execute any such warrant of the said justice or justices of the peace, as shall be directed unto such constable or petty constable for providing carriages as aforesaid; or if any person or persons, appointed by such constable or petty constable to provide or fumish any carriage and man, shall renife or neglect to provide the same; or any other person or persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any a St or thing, whereby the execution of any such warrant or warrants shall be hindered or frustrated; every such constable, or other person or persons so offending, shaft, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding forty shillings, nor lese than twenty (hiBmgs, to the use of the poor of the parish where anyfuen offence shall be committed: and all and every such offence and offences shall and may be enquired of, heard, and fully determined, by two of his Majesty's justices or the peace, dwelling in or near the place where such offence shall be conHnkted* who have hereby power to cause the said penalty to be levied by distress and fele of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner.

XX

VI. And whereas the respective sums of money by this a<# appointed to be paid to the conftaHes by the officers demanding

Anno secundo Georgii III.

63

such carriages, may not, in many cases, be sufficient to answer the charge and expence of providing the same, whereby the said constables may be frequently at great charges, over and above what is received by them of the said officers, to the great burthen of the township of which they are respectively constables, or else the persons furnishing such carriages may be grievously opprefledi to prevent which, and that such overplus charge may be borne by each county or riding, at the general charge of such county or riding, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the treasurer or treasurers of each respective county or riding shall, without fee or reward, pay unto such constable all and every such reasonable sum or Aims of money, Treasurers of lo by him paid or laid out for such carriages, over and above the county to what was or ought to have been paid by the marine officer re- repay the conquering such carriages, out of the public flock of such county or riding, according to such rates, orders, rules, and directions, charges, as the said justices of the peace, in their quarter sessions assembled, within their respective jurisdictions, shall, from time to time, during the continuance of this act, make, direct, and appoint (which orders shall be made without fee or reward) regard being always had to the season of the year, and the length and condition of the roads through which such carriages are to travel.

XXVII. And in case the said public stock of the county or riding be not sufficient f over and above the other purposes for which it was raised) to satisfy the extraordinary charge of carriages before-mentioned j it is hereby further enacted, That the said juf- The money tkes of the peace in the general quarter sessions shall have power, for those pur- from time to time, to raise monies upon the respective counties P°k8.J?°w to or ridings in such manner as they now raise monies for building e m c

or repairing county gaols and bridges, to satisfy the said extraordinary charge of carriages.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No waggon, waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, impressedbyauthorityof this act, to

shall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this act, to carry above dredVe^ht" twenty hundred weight; any thing in this act contained to the*

contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the carriages for the fer- Carriages in vice of the marine forces quartered or marching in Scotland^ shall be Scotland how provided in like manner, and at the rates, and the fumifher of Pro" such carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the law in force V1 e

in Scotland^ at the time of the union, with regard to the furnishing carriages for land forces.

XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Marines officer, military or civil, by this act authorized to quarter marines wives, &c, in any houses hereby appointed for that purpose, shall at any j^ered time during the continuance of this act, quarto* any of the without con-wives, children, men, or maid-servants of any officer or marine in font.

any such houses, against the consent of the owners; the party offending, if an officer of the marines, shall, upon complaint Penalty, and proof thereof made to the commissioners for ejtfcuting the

Penalty on officers or marines destroying the game.

64 Annb secundo Georgii III.

[176l.

office of lord high admiral, or judge advocate, be ipso fa3° cashiered; and if $ constable, tythingman, or other civil officer, he shall forfeit to the party aggrieved twenty shillings, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the next justice of the peace, to be levied by warrant of such justice, by distress and fate of his goods, rendering the overplus to the party, after deducting reasonable charges in taking the same.

XXXI. And for the better preservation of the game, in orneair such place, where any officers or soldiers shall at any time be quartered; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, from and after the said twenty fifth day of March, one thousand feveri hundred and fixy two, any officer or marine shall, without leave of the lord of the manor, under his hand and seal, first had and obtained, take, kill, or destroy, any hare, coney, pheasant, partridge, pigeon, or any other fort of fowls, poultry, or fish, or his Majesty's game, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and upon complaint thereof shall be, upon oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, convicted before any justice or justices of the peace, who is and are hereby impowered and authorized to hear and determine the same; (that is to say) every officer so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be distributed among the poor of the place where such offence shall be committed; and every officer commanding in chief upon the place, for every such offence committed by any marine under his command, shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, to be paid and distributed in manner aforesaid; and if, upon conviction made by the justices of the peace, and demand thereof also made by the constable or overseers of the poor, such officer shall refuse or neglect, and not within two days pay the said respective penalties, such officer so refilling or neglecting shall forfeit, and is hereby declared to have forfeited, his commission, and his commission is hereby declared to be null and void.

XXXII. And whereas several marines whobeing duly entered may afterwards desert, and be found wandering, or otherwiseab-fenting themselves illegally from his Majesty's service; it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the constable, headborough, or tythingman of the town or place, where any person, who may be reasonably suspected to be such a deserter, shall be found, to apprehend, or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such person to be brought before any justice of the peace, living in or near such town or place, who is hereby impowered and required to examine such suspected person } and if b/ his confession, or the testimony of one or more witness or witnesses upon oath, or by the knowledge of such justice of the peace, it shall appear or be found, that such suspected person is a marine duly entered, and ought to be with the Justice to company to which hebelongs; such justice of the peace shall forth-

coramit them, with cause him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place where he shall be found; or to the house of correction, or other public priftn in such town or place where such deserter shall be

apprehended*

Constable may apprehend deserters, and carry them before a justice.

roi.]

Anno secundo Georgii III.

65

preherided; or to the Savoy, in case such deserter shall be ap-ncnded within the cities of London or Westminster, or places ^acent; and transmit an account thereof to the secretary of and transmit t admiralty for the time being, to the end such person may be account to Dceeded against according to law: and the keeper of such QfthV^dmi^ iol, house of correction, or prison, shall receive the full sub- raity, fence of every such deserter, during the time he shall continue Gaol-keeper, his custody, for the maintenance of such deserter; but shall to^civeth? it be intituled to any fee or reward, on Account of the imprison- ^f^ers^but ent of ^ny such deserter; any law, usage, or custom, to the no other fee, Iptrary notwithstanding. &c.

XXXIII. And, for the better encouragement of any person or exfibns to secure or apprehend such deserters; be it further enacted ythe authority aforesaid, That such justice of the peace shall also Reward for^Sue his warrant in writing to the collector or collectors of fertera, * he land tax money of the parish or township where such dc-erter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the land tax mo-icy, arisen or to arise in the year one thousand seven hundred mid sixty two, into the hands of such person or persons who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any such deserter from his Majesty's service, the sum of twenty shillings for every Each deserter that shall be foapprehended and committed; which fan of twenty shillings shall be satisfied by such collector or collectors to whom such warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their account.

XXXIV. And be it furtheretiacted, Thatifanypersonshall liar- Penalty on boor* conceal, or assist any deserter from his majesty's marine fer- Persons, cn' rice, kxiowing him to be such; the person so offending shall forfeit, ers/or buying fix every such oflFence, the sum of five pounds; or if any per- their arms, fen fhaD knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or othenvjfe re- clothes, &c. ceive, any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, from any marine or marine deserter, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, or cause the colour of such clothes to be changed; every such person so offending in each, any, or either of the cases aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such offence the fern of five pounds; and upon conviction by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, the said respective penalties of five pounds, and five pounds, shall be levied by warrant under the hands of the said justice or justices of the peace, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender; one moiety of the said first-mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid So the informer, by whose means fuen deserter shall be apprehended; and one moiety of the said last mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer; and the residue of the said respective penalties to be paid to the officer to whom any such deserter or marine did or doth belong: and in case any such offender, who shall be convicted, as aforesaid, of harbouring or assisting any such deserter or deserters; or having know-ingtyreceived any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King: or having caused the colour of such clothes to

66 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

be changed, contrary to the intent of this act, shall not have sufficient goods and chattels, whereon distress may be made, to the value of the penalties recovered against him for such offence, or shall not pay such penalties within four days after such conviction; then, and in such case, such justice or justices of the peace shall and may, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and (eals, either commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the space of three months, or cause such offender to be publicly whipt, at the discretion of such justice or justices.

This act to

XXXV. Provided always, That so much of this act as relates to extend to de- thepunishment of such who shall harbour, conceal, or assist desert-ferters, in ers> or knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or otherwisereceive,

Ireland. any arms^ ci0thes, caps, or other fiirniture belonging to the King, from any marine or marine deserter, or cause the colour of such clothes to be changed, shall extend, to all ends and purposes whatsoever, to Ireland, and shall be put in execution in that kingdom, by all justices of the peace, and other officers respectively, according to the tenor, and during the continuance of this act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, and every thing herein contained, shall be and continue in force from the said twenty fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, until the twenty fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty three.

XXXVII. And to prevent, as far as may be, any unjust or fraudulent arrests that may be made upon marines, whereby his majesty and the public may be deprived of their service; it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person whatsoever, who is entered, or shall enter himself as a volunteer in his Ma-

Continuance of this act.

No volunteer liable to pro-

10l.

Oath of the debt to be made before a judge.

cess, unless for jesty's service, as a marine, during the continuance of this act, some criminal shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's service by any or^unlei's for Proce's or execution whatsoever, other than for some criminal areal debt of matter, unless for a real debt, or other just cause of action; and the value of unless, before the taking out of such process or execution (not seeing for a criminal matter) the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein, or some other person or persons on his or their behalf, shall make affidavit before one or more judge or judges of the court of record, or other court, out of which such process or execution shall issue, or before some person authorized to take affidavits in such courts, that to his or their knowledge the original sum, justly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs from the defendant or defendants, in the action or cause of action on which such process shall issue, or the original debt for which such execution shall be issued out, amounts to the value of ten pounds at least, over and above all costs of suit in the same action, or in and a memo- any other action on which the same shall be grounded; a me-thereoiTraark- maran^um of which oath shall be marked on the back of such ed on the back Process or writ; for which memorandum or oath no fee shall be of the process; taken: and if any persons shall nevertheless be arrested contrary

6;

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III.

to the intent of this act, it shall and may be lawful for one or more judge or judges of such court, upon complaint thereof made by the party himself, or by any his superior officer, to examine into the same by the oath of the parties, or otherwise, and ©therwifejpri-by warrant under his or their hands and seals, to discharge such d°ifchVrged, marine so arrested contrary to the intent of this act, without with colts/ paying any fee or fees, upon due proof made beforehimorthem, that such marine so arrested, was legally entered as a marine in his Majesty's service, and arrested contrary to the intent of this act, and also to award to the party so complaining, such costs as such judge or judges shall think reasonable: for the recovery whereof, be shall have the like remedy that the person who takes out the said execution might have had for his costs, or the plaintiff in the like action might have had for the recovery of his costs, in case judgment had been given for him with costs against the defendant in the said action.

XXXVIII. Andtotheend that honest creditors, who aim only at the recovery of their justs debts due to them from persons entered as marines in his Majesty's service, may not behindered from suing for the same, but on the contrary may be assisted and forwarded in their suits; and instead of an arrest, which may at once hurt the service, and occasion a great expence and delay to themselves, may be enabled to proceed in a more speedy and cheap method 5 be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and Plaintiff giv. may be lawful to and for any plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon notice ing notice, first given in writing of the cause of action to such person or per- may a fons so entered, or left at his or their last place of residence before such entering, to file a common appearance in any action P*to be brought for or upon account of any debt whatsoever, so as to intitle such plaintiff to proceed therein to judgment and out- and proceed lawry, and to have an execution thereupon, other than against anAexwu- the body or bodies of him or them so entered as aforesaid; this tion> act, or any thing herein, or any former law or Statute, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Pen*, t3r on That if any high constable, constable, bedel, or other officer or to*

person whatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this act, shall quarter quarterma-or billet, or be employed in quartering or billeting, any marine of- nnei. ficers or private men, shall neglect or 1 efuse, for the space of two hours, to quarter or billet such officers or marines when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this act directed, provided sufficient notice be given before the arrival of such forces; or shall receive, demand, contract, or agree for any sum or Penalty on sums of money, or any reward whatsoever, for or on account of excuse°any excusing, or in order to excuse any person or persons whatsoever person from7 from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their house or quartering, houses any such officer or marine; or in case any victualler, or any other person, liable by this act to have any officer or marine billeted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive or and on vic-victual any such officer or marine so quartered or billeted upon tuallers refus-him or her as if oresaidj or shall refuse to furnish or allow, ac- inf 7°*?

Fa cording mannCf'

To prevent abuses in quartering, ju dices may order confra* hies to give an account of the number of officers, and private men> and vhere quartered.

Clause for relief of persons h idi'.y lilting $wmie!t ct.

Anno secundo Georgii III. [\j6i*

cording to the directions of this act, the several things herein tie-fpre respectively directed to be furnished of allowed to non-commission officers and marines so quartered or billeted on him or her as aforesaid, at the rate herein before-mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted before anyone or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, city, or liberty, within which such offence shall be committed, either by his own confession, or lay the oathVof one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered to administer) every such high constable, constable, bedel, or other officer or person so offending, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds, or any sum of money not exceeding five pounds, nor lets than forty shillings (as the said justice or justices, before whom the matter shall be heard, shall, in his or their discretion, think fit) to be levied by distress andfale of the goods of the person offending, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of such justice or justices, before whom such offender shall be convicted* or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other constable within the county, city, or liberty, or to any of the overseers of the poor of the pa-rim where the offender shall dwell; and the said (urn of five pounds, or the said sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings, when levied, to be paid to the overseers of the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed, or to some one of them, for the use of the poor of such parish.

XL. And, for the better preventing abuses in quartering or feilleting the marines, in pursuance of this act; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more justice or justices of the peace, within their respective counties, cities, or liberties, by warrant or order under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, at any time or times during the continuance of this act, to require and command any high constable, constable, bedel, or other officer, who shall quarter or billet any marines in pursuance of this act, to give an account in writing unto the said justice or justices requiring the same, of the number of officers and pri vate men who shall be quartered or billeted by them, and also the names of the housekeepers or persons, upon whom every such officer or private man shall be quartered or billeted, together with an account of the street or place where every such housekeeper dwells, and the signs (if any) belonging to their houses; to the end it may appear to the said justice or justices where such officers and private men are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all abuses in the quartering or billeting of them.

XLI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and.sixty two, when and as often as any person or persons shall be inlisted as a marine or marines in his Majesty's service, he and they shall, within four days, but not sooner than twenty four hours, after such inlisting

respectively.

1761.] Anno fectindo Georgii III. 6g

respectively, be carried before the next justice of the peace of any county, nding, city, or place, or chief magistrate of any city or town corporate (not being an officer of marines) and before such justice or chief magistrate, he or they shall be at liberty tp declare his or their dissent to such inlisting; and upon such declaration, and returning the inlisting-money, and also each person so dissenting paying the sum of twenty shillings for the charges expended or laid out upon him, such person or persons so inufted shall be forthwith discharged and set at liberty, in the presence of such justice or chief magistrate; but if such person or persons shall refuse or neglets, within the space of twenty four hours, to return and pay such money, as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be inlisted, as if he or they had given his or their assent thereto before the said justice or chief magistrate; or if such person or persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily inlisted himself or themselves, then such justice or chief magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his hand, that such person or person is or are duly inlisted; setting forth the place of the birth, age, and calling of him or them respectively (if known) and that the second and third sections of the articles of war for the better government of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore in Great Britain or Ireland, were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the oath of fidelity mentioned in the twelfth section of the said articles of war; and if any such person or persons, so to be certified as duly inlisted, shall refuse to take the said oath of fidelity before the said justice or chief magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such officer, from whom he has received such money as aforesaid* to detain or confine such person or persons, until he or they shall take the oath before required; and every officer of marines that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon proof thereof upon oath made by two witnesses before a general court-martial to be thereupon calied, shall, for such offence, be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such his office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any civilor military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's service.

XLIlProvidedal^, and it is heraiw declared, That all his Marine for CM Majesty's marine forces, as well officers aspqvate men, mall, from being borne time to time, during their being respe^velyhqme as part of the as part of the complement of any of his Majesty's ships or vessels, be subject or complement liable in like manner, in all respects, as any officers or (eamen ^a^are iiab^e employed in his Majesty's sea service are subject and liable to be to be govern-governed and proceeded against and punished for offences ed by the committed by them during the time they shall be borne as part rules establiflw of the complement of such ships or vessels, according to the pur- i£

port, tenor, effect, and true intent and meaning of an act of parliament made in the twenty second year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, an act for amending^ fxpkintngy and reducing into one ah of parliament, the laws relating so the government of his Majesty's Jkips, vessels, and forces so

F} _M

vjj0O^IC

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

fees; this present act, or any thing herein contained notwithstanding.

CAP. XIII.

An act for appointing of for putting in execution an aR of this session of parliament, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two.

THE of herein named, are impowered to put the land-tax act of this session in execution, as fully as if they had been specially named in, and appointed by the said act; and they are to be subject to the like qualifications, penalties, and forfeitures.

CAP. XIV.

An act to prevent vexatious proceedings against brewers, victuallers, and others, with respect to the prices of beer and ale \ for better securing the revenue upon strong beer and ale, by preventing fraudulent mixing thereof \ to repeal so much of an act made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, as extends ter tain provisions relative to the exportation of spirituous liquors to the exportation of strong beer and ale, and for the more effectual preventing the re-landing of beer, ale, cyder, and mum, shipped for exportation as merchandize.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS brewers, inn-keepers, victuallers, or other retailers of strong beer or ale, have been threatened with, and may be subject to, vexatious prosecutions for advancing, or having advanced, the price of strong beer or ale, however justly and reasonably: now, in order to prevent such vexatious proceedings, may it please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, ifi this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the The price of fame> That no brewer, inn-keeper, victualler, or other retailer ftrortg beer of strong beer or ale shall, at any time hereafter, be sued, inland ale may pleacted, or molested, by indictment, information, popular be reasonably acHon, or otherwise, for advancing, or having advanced, the without sub- P^ce ft1*011!?; beer or ale in a reasonable degree; any law or jesting the Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

vender to pro- 11. And whereas the mixing strong beer, ale, or strong worts,

feeption. with small beer or small worts, or with water, either by the brewer, after the gauge thereof hath been taken, or by the victualler, after such strong beer, ale, or strong worts, shall be sold and delivered to him or her, is greatly detrimental to his Majesty's revenue, and is an imposition upon the consumer, and hinders the sale of genuine strong beer and ale; and the pro-yifions already established by law are found to be insufficient to prevent thp same: for remedy thereof, and for the more effectual t prevention

Anno secundo Georgii III. Ji

prevention of such frauds, be it hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, if any 5ol. penalty common or other brewer, inn-keeper, victualler, or retailer of on fraudu-beer or ale, shall mix, or cause or suffer to be mixed, in any vessel, tub, measure, or otherwise howsoever, any strong beer, aJ °ror strong ale, or strong worts, with any small beer or small worts, or wo'rti, with with water, after the gauge of such strong beer, qje, or strong other liquors, worts, shall have been taken by an officer of excise, every such person so offending, for every such offence, shall respectively forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

III. And whereas by a claule in an act of parliament passed in Recital of the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, Anafl clause in act for granting to his Madefy an additional duty upon strong bar and 1 ^eo* alt; and for raising toe sum of twelve millions by way of annuities, and a lottery^ to be charged on the said duty; and for further encou raging the exportation of strong beer and ale; it was provided and enacted, That all the rules, regulations, directions, powers, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which, by an act made in the then last leflion of parliament (intituled An act for preventing the excessive use ofspiritucus liquors by laying additional duties thefeon \ for shortening the prohibition of making low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malty or other grain, and from mealy floury and bran \ for encouraging the exportation of British made spirits, and for more effectually securing the duties payable upon spirits, and preventing the fraudulent re-landing or importation thereof) were provided, settled, established, and inflisted, for and in respect to the paying and allowing the drawback and bounty thereby granted upon spirits exported as merchandize, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing, frauds and abuses in the relanding the same, and all other frauds and abuses previous to the shipping, or relating to the exportation of such spirits, and the obtaining such drawback and bounty, not otherwise thereby altered, Should, except such parts as relate to the size of the casks, and burden of the ships or vessels, be exercised, practised, applied, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for paying and allowing the drawback and bounty thereby granted upon beer and ale, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing, frauds and abuses in the re-landing such beer or ale, and all other frauds and abuses previous to the shipping, or relating to the exportation thereof, and the obtaining of the said drawback and bounty, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said rules, regulations, directions, powers, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and thing*, vrere particularly repeated, and again re-enacted, in the body of the said recited act: and whereas it is found by experience, that the like rules, regulations, and directions, which are established for enforcing the due exportation of spirits, are not necessary to enforce the due exportation of strong beer or ale, but are found to be inconvenient \ be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this the said recited clause, smd every article,

F + matter.

72

The recited dause repealed.

Provision in aftiWill, & Mary.

All beer, ale, cyder, and mum, which shall be relanded, &c. after being shipped for exportation, is to be forfeits ed, with 50K for every cask thereof.

Recovery and application of penalties.

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

matter, and thing, therein contained, shall lie and are hereby repealed, and made null and void.

IV. And whereas the provision established by an act of parliament made in the first year of the reign of their late Majesties K\ngWilIiam and Queen Mary, intituled An act for the exportation of beery aley cyder, and mum; for preventing the re-landing the said liquors shipped in am vessel for exportation, as merchandize; extends only to the re-landing such liquors within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed: and whereas it is necessary that the said provision Should be amended and enforced, and extended to all parts of Great Britain; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, if any merchant or matter of any ship or vessel, or other person, shall cause or suffer any of the said liquors, which shall be shipped for exportation as merchandize, to be unshipped, unladen, or laid on land, or put into any other ship or vessel within the kingdom of Great Britain, he, she, or they shall forfeit the same, together with the calks and package containing the same, and also the sum of fifty pounds for every calk of such respective liquor he, she, or they shall so unduly unship, unlade, or lay on land, or put on board any other ship or vessel; which said respective liquors so unduly un-shipped, unladen, or laid on land, pr put on board any other ship or vessel, shall and may bp seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed by this a dt, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise or other duties, under the management of the commissioners of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at We/lmipjlery or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceuors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

VI. And be it hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be lued, molested, or prosecuted for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, in his or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or actions, or be nonsuited, or judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise -, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Anno secundo Georgii III. 73

CAP. XV.

tbi a3 for the better [upplying the cities of London and Westminster with fishy and to reduce the present exorbitant price thereof -9 and to protect and encourage fishermen.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the better supplying the cities of London and

Westminster with fish, and encouraging fishermen, and giersi to employ themselves in Jishing on the Jea coajis, and a the navigable rivers of Great Britain, will tend to reduce the pcfent exorbitant price of fish: may it therefore please your Ma- G ... jt/tj that it may he enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most cenccTo any excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the personfthough lords (ptritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par- not a fish-liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from "lonS€r> to and after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful for any per- mUa^tafe^. fern, although not brought up in the trade of a fishmonger, to coast, oriiver, buy [subject to, and under, the restrictions herein after con- See. timed) at any market, sea coast, creek, port, haven, bank of any fish in any river, or-place, in Great Britain, any fish in season, which shall notbeunsizeable, or under the dimensions of the same re- lze? e' Ipcctively, by the laws now in force, are allowed to be sent to ^dmeddue* the city of London, paying the usual and accustomed dues at at^of the places where any such fish shall be so purchased; and after- purchase* wards to fell again all such fish in public or fixed (hops, stalls, and to fell the orhouses, in any other market in Great Britain, where fish or same again in flethareor usually have been fold, in manner by this act pre-fenbed, paying only the usual stallage or market dues paid at*. ar.*every such market, without incurring any penalty or forfeiture; f^ualTnarket any law, Statute, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof in dpcsj any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Covent Gar-said, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be de"parkct, construed or taken to extend, to permit, impower, or authorize, cilia* thereof, any person or persons to fell, or expose to or for sale, any fish excepted.*in Covent Garden market, or in any of the precincts thereof, in the county of Middlesex.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Such fish not no fish allowed to be bought as aforesaid, shall be (old again by berefold by the first purchaser thereof, or any of his or her agents or fer- chafer, iSstbre vants, before such fish shall have been conveyed by land car- the same shall nage, or otherwise, to the cities of London or Westminster, or be brought to such other places in Great Britain, as the proprietor or proprie--°ndon °I ton thereof shall think fit, from time to time, to consign the 0^ towher^r* fimeto; under pain that every one who shall offend in the pre- consigned, misses shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of.

twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner herein a*|pcn* after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That allfuchfilh, allowed to be purchased as aforesaid, shallbepermit-

ted

74

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

Fiji Machine O/ify;

and are to be

and to be con- ted to be, from time to time, sent and conveyed to the place or veyed to the places to which the proprietor or proprietors thereof shall think finnedC with to con^SA kme, without being subject or liable to be

oin telngVia- topped, in any city, market town, or place, in order to be ble to be (top- fold or exposed to sale there, under pretence of any custom or ped, and ex- usage whatsoever.

posed to Tale y ^d, for the more expeditious conveyance of fish by land oat eway. carrjage5 it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ployed^n the cvei7 carriage which shall be used for the conveyance of such fservice are to fish as aforesaid, shall only carry fish, allowed to be bought as carryfi(honly, aforesaid, therein, with the necessary package and implements and to be which shall belong to such carriage; and shall be marked on marked on the outside Fiji Machine Only; and shall have the name or the outside, nameS5 and place or places of abode, of the respective owner or owners thereof, entered at the office of the of for

_______^ licensing hackney coaches; and for every such entry, only one

entered at the shilling shall be paid to the clerk there; and the said commis-bffice for li- sioners are hereby required to receive evqry such respective en-cenfing hack- try5 and to cause the same to be registered in the said office; payin^ts^for an<* afterwards the respective number of every such respective the rafter- carriage shall be marked on some conspicuous part of the outing; side thereof, in large figures, painted, or else shall be put on

and number- lead or other metal, and shall be fixed in the front, or on one ed, on penalty of the (hafts, or some other conspicuous part of every such respective carriage; and that no fish carriage shall be deemed or taken to be a common stage waggon, wain, or cart: and if any one shall neglect to comply with and perform what is herein before directed, touching the marking, registering, numbering, and keeping the number of every such respective carriage on They shall be some part thereof, and shall be convicted of any such neglect, permitted toin manner herein after-mentioned, he shall forfeit and pay, for travel with 4. every such neglect, the sum of forty shillings; to be levied, re-or wVth"iaifS> covered, and applied, as herein after is directed. horse; or

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 3 hories m^every such fish carriage numbered and marked as aforesaid, shall length 5 tho* permjtted to travel, pass, or be drawn on any turnpike road, wheelT^ by any number of horses in pairs not exceeding four, or by any and shall only single horse, or by any number of horses at length not exCeed-pay the like*ing three, although the fellies of the wheels of any such fish carriage shall not be of the breadth or gauge of nine inches from side to side; and that every such fish carriage shall only pay the like toll, at every turnpike-gate or bar through which every such fish carriage shall pal's, as poll chaises, or other chaises, drawn by a like number of horses, or by a single horse, aiiowed totra- by the laws now in force, are subject and liable to pay there, vtl on fun-

VII. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That days and ho- every such fish carriage as aforesaid shall be allowed to travel, pass, y a?li* if anc* ke drawn, on sundays and holydays, on any road, whether the returned ^en or returning empty; and that the horse or horses which horses of such shall return from drawing any such fish carriage, although rode carriages; on by any driver of any such tish carriage, of drayvipg back any

empty

of 40s.

and are not liable to be deemed common stage waggons, &c,

toll as post chaises, &c. drawn by a like number of horses;

and shall be

75

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III.

empty fish carriage, shall also be allowed to pass on sundays and holydays on any road, without any driver of any such fish carriage, or the ridef on any such horse as aforesaid, incurring any penalty for so travelling therewith.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- and nci*her find, That no toll shall at any time be paid for any such fish carriage returning without fim, or for any horse Or horses turning emp-. which shall draw the same back empty, for passing on any ty, shall be lia-turnpike-road, or through any turnpike-gate or bar, or for any to P*y horse or horses returning from drawing any such fish carriage to

laden as aforesaid, although such horse or horses, or any of them, shall be rode on by any driver of any such fish carriage, and although such horse or horses shall not draw back any such empty fish carriage.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and any if any person shall put any game, or any other thing except fish

aforesaid, and the bafleets and other necessary package in besides fim, which the same shall be paeked, and the necessary implements and the ne-of every such fhh carriage, into any such fish carriage to be con- ceifary imple-veyed thereby; every person, other than the driver of any such -

fim carriage, who shall so put any game or other thing than put [herein6 fish, and the baskets and other necessary package and imple-for convey* ments as aforesaid, into any such fish carriage, and to be there- wee, by conveyed, shall, On being convicted thereof in manner the person herein after mentioned, forfeit and pay for every such offence the fiun of five pounds, to be leviea, recovered, and applied, or-

in manner herein after specified: and if the driver of any such and fish carriage shall take up, or suffer any passenger, game, orcr fhaiuake* other thing except fish, and the baskets and other necessary up, or suffer package and implements as aforesaid, to be at any time carried any passenger, or conveyed in or by any such fish carriage; every driver of every such fish carriage, who shall so offend in the premisses, earned there-and be thereof convicted in manner herein after mentioned, in,

shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty he shall forfeit shillings, to be recovered and applied in manner herein afteros* mentioned: and if, on the conviction of any driver of any such and on non-fish carriage, the sum forfeited shall not be forthwith paid, the^committed justice or justices before whom any such driver of arty such fish to

carriage shall be convicted, shall, by warrant under his hand hard labour and seal, of their hands and seals, commit every such driver of for any time any such fish carriage, who shall be so as aforesaid convicted, to J^th^ the house of correction of the county, city, or place, in which one mon the offence for which any such driver was convicted, or where any such driver shall be apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, as any justice or justices shall order, unless the money forfeited shall be sooner paid.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if bulk shall if the owner or any other person who shall have the care or be broke of conduct of any such fish carriage as aforesaid, which after the any car-

WIIUUV/L ui au y iuvu tint vaumgv ho hiuivihiw, nuivii vi wiv._

pafEng this act shall be loaded with iilh as aforesaid, and con- edfortheLou.

signed

76

4on markets* &c. before being brought within the bills of mortality*

or sale made of the fish before they are exposedin the said markets* the offender shall forfeit sol.

The fish, after being so brought up* is to be forthwith sorted* and exposed to sale m some public market the next morning, Sundays excepted j

and unt'ij such fish is so exposed* no part thereof is to be sold by retail* on penalty ofiol. but mackrell brought up by such carnages may be sold on Sundays.

All contracts made for fish* except for fal-mon and lob-fters, are vacated after i May, 1761, and the parties discharged from the penalties of their contrails; find persons contracting after the said time for buying up fish* other than ialmon and lohfters, before the same

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

signed for the supply of the cities of London or Westminster, shall break bulk before the same shall have been brought within the weekly bills of mortality, or fell, or expose to sale, any of the fish which shall be loaned in any such fish carriage, before the same shall have been brought to the cities of London or Westminster, or within the weekly bills of mortality, and exposed there to or for sale in manner herein after directed, he, she, or they, who shall so offend in the premisses, shall, on being thereof convicted in manner herein after mentioned, forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of ten pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein after mentioned.

XI. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fish as aforesaid which shall be brought by land carriage to the cities of London or Westminster, or to any other place within the weekly bills of mortality, shall, with ail convenient speed after the same shall be so brought there, be sorted, and the next morning at farthest after the same shall be so brought there, shall be openly and publicly offered and exposed to sale in some public market or markets within the weekly bills of mortality (except such next day shall happen to be a Sunday, and in such case, then on Monday morning next following) and that, until such fish as aforesaid shall be so exposed to sale in some public market or markets as aforesaid, no part thereof shall be sold, or offered to or for sale, by retail, upon pain that every person who shall offend in the premisses, and shall be thereor convicted in manner herein after-mentioned, shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein after-mentioned.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shal) be construed to prohibit the felling any mackrell, which shal) be brought by any such fish carriage as aforesaid, before or after divine service on a Sunday.

XIII. And be it likewise enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all contrafts made by or with any person or persons for any fish, except falmpn and lobsters, from and after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, void, so far as the same shall relate to, or be intended to take effect at any time subsequent to, the said first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two 5 and the party and parties to every such contract and contrafts is and are hereby respectively discharged from all penalties and forfeitures he or they may incur by reason of the non-performance of any such contract or contracts: and if, from and after the said first day of May % one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, any person or persons shall enter into or ma^e any contract pc contrafts for buying up any fish, except falmpn and lobsters, before the same shall be first brought to an open market, or some pfual place for the sale of fish, and before the same shall be there exposed in the ordinary manner, and for the usual time fish Hull be there exposed for public sale, every such contract and contrafts is and are Ijereby declared to

Anno secundo Georgii III.

11

be absolutely void, and every party thereto shall forfeit and pay, shall be first for every such contrail which he or she shall be a party to, or brought to concerned in, bn being convilled thereof in manner herein after-mentioned, the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered, le- to iaJe there, vied, and applied, in manner herein after-mentioned. forfeit 50l.

XIV. Provided always, and be it also enacted by the autho- and the coh-rity aforesaid, That after the said first day of May, one thousand dare<Tvoid r seven hundred and sixty-two, no contrail or agreement which shall be made or entered into for the buying of any salmon or tw>

lobsters which shall be taken in any river, or in any of the seas, contra^ for or on any of the sea coasts of Great Britain, shall be or continue British salmon in force for any longer time than for one year, to be computed and lobsters from the date of every such respective contrail or agreement which shall be entered into in writing; and if not entered into in writing, then only for one year, to be computed from the and the time of the making or entering into every such paroll contrail rule is to take or agreement respectively. place with re->

XV. And be it likewise enalled by the authority aforesaid, to any

That no person or persons shall, at any time after the said first, COn"

day of May, one thousand seven hundrea and sixty-two, employ,

or be employed by, any other person or persons in buying, or no per-to buy, in or at any market in the city of London, or in the city fen may em-of Westminster, or elsewhere within the weekly bills of mortality, P*0^ or any mh which shall be brought there to be sold, to be divided at the by lots or in shares amongst any (Uhmongers or other persons, markets of in order to be afterwards put to sale again, or sold by retail; London or nor shall any fishmonger or other person at any time after the Westminster, said first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, buy in any market in London, or in the said city of Westminster, fh^for^kie or elsewhere within the weekly bills of mortality, any fish, but to be after-what shall be for his own sale or use only, upon pain that every wards divided person who shall be convilled of any such offence, in manner amongst fish-hereby direlied, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds ^ers^o be for every such offence, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in fold ° the manner herein after directed. nor may tny

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, person buy That if any proprietor of fish, or any salesman or person intrust- in the said ed or employed to fell any fish in any public market, shall refuse

to fell, or shall enter into any agreement or confederacy not to^fell, to or for the use of any particular person or persons, any Own sale or fish which shall be brought or exposed to or for sale at or in any use, such public market; then, and in every such case, every person on penalty of who shall so offend in the said premises, and shall be thereof10*convilled in the manner by this all direlied, shall, for every No falelman such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be, ay levied, recovered, and applied, in manner hereby directed. fuse to Tell, or

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, enter into an That all fish of any of the respective forts herein after specified, agreement not which, after the said first day of May, one thousand seven hun- f£rre^y°J^, fired and sixty-two, shall be brought for sale to the cities of cuUr perfect London or WestrmnJlerj or within the weekly bills of mortality, use, any fish Hull be openly and publicly exposed for sale at the first hand; exposed to (alt

b^OOgk

78 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

at a public and shall be sold in no greater number or quantity of fish in of any one lot or pareel, or by any greater weight of fish in any on^pen ty onc lot or pareel, in Billingsgate market, or within one hundred And all fish ofan£* 6 % of Billingsgate dock, or in any other market

the respective within the weekly bills ot mortality, than herein after is directed forts specified and prescribed touching the same respectively; and that every in the act, ]0t or parcei of fqch fifo as aforesaid, shall consist only of one iMagy, ti76*[ fort fi1* an^ shall not be composed of two or more different for fate to the forts of fish; that is to say.

London markets, shall be openly sold at the first hand, and in no

freater num-er or quantity in a lot than is prescribed;

Billingsgate, or other mark* cts.

All fresh salmon, sturgeon, large fresh cod, (kait, pike, turbot, bret, bril, pearl, kingston, ling, and dorys, by the single fish; all half fresh cod, not exceeding two in any one lot; all quarter fresh cod, not exceeding four in any one lot; all mullets, cole fish, salmon trout, and other trout, not exceeding two in any one lot; all small cod, not exceeding twenty-four in any one lot; in Billingsgate market; or within one hundred and fifty and every lot yards of Billingsgate dock; and, in any other market within the is to consist of weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding eight in any one lot: one fort of fish AJ1 small pike, not exceeding fix in any one lot, in Billingf- f&ate mar^et> or within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingf-

gate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of fiin, and num- °^r,

ber and quan- mortality, not exceeding four in any one lot:

tity thereofal- All large haddock, not exceeding four in any one lot, in lowed to be Billingsgate market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of fold m a lot at Billingsgate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding two in any one lot:

All small haddock, not exceeding twenty-four in any one lot, in Billingsgate market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingsgate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding eight in any one lot: All perch, above six inches long from the eye to the fork of the tail thereof, not exceeding twelve in any one lot, in Billingsgate market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingsgate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding eight in any one lot:

All carp, gurnet, tench, and sea bass, not exceeding fix in any one lot, in Billingsgate market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingsgate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding four in any one lot: All thornbacks, not exceeding two in any one lot, in Billingsgate market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingsgate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bilfs of mortality, not exceeding one in any one lot:

All large foals, not exceeding four pair in any one lot, in Bilingfgau market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingsgate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding two pair in any one lot:

All small foals, not exceeding eight pair in any one lot, in Billingsgate market, qr within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingsgate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding four pair in any one lot:

6'. All

79

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III.

Aiimackrell, whitings, whiting pouts, plaice, dabbs, herrings, pilchards, zarb fish, flounders, and maids, not exceeding sixty in any one Tot, in Billingsgate market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingsgate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding thirty in any one lot:

All fmelts, not exceeding fifty two in any one lot, in Billingf-gau market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingf-gati dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding twenty six in any one lot:

All eels, not exceeding twenty pounds weight in any one lot, in BiUingfgaU market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingsgate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding ten pounds weight in any one lot, unless any Angle fish shall exceed that weight:

All large lobsters and crabs, not exceeding, of either fort, in any one fat, twenty, in Billingsgate market, or within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingsgate dock; and, in any other market within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding ten of either fort in any one lot:

All small lobsters and crabs not exceeding, of either fort, None of the in anyone lot, forty, in Billingsgate market, or within one hun-{!aid/eve^. dred and fifty yards of Billingsgate dock; and, in any other mar- l^bought ket within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding twenty or loid at the of either fort in any one lot: first hand in

the said mar-

And if any person or persons shall fell or buy any of the fish ^numbfror" aforesaid, at the first hand, in any market or markets in the city of quantity in a Lends n, or within one hundred and fifty yards of Billingsgate lot, than is dock; or in any market in the city of JVejhninfler, or within the prescribed, weekly bills of mortality, in anylot or pareel, containing any one fortof10 greater number of any sort of fish as aforesaid in any such lot fifo in a lot, or pareel, or any greater weight of eels in any lot or (&reel, be sold, or of-than is herein before directed and appointed to be sold in any fered for sale, one lot or pareel; or if any one shall fell, or offer for sale, in °" Penalty °* any such lot or pareel, more than one fort of any of the fish a smaller hereinbefore specified; he, she, or they, who shall so offend in number of the premisses, and be convicted of any such offence in manner any °fthe herein after mentioned, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and consists of pay the sum of five pounds, to be levied, recovered, and appli- \e contain/ ti, in manner herein after directed.

XVIII. Provided always, That notwithstanding any thing one> herein before contained, it shall be lawful for any person to expose ?nd

to or for sale, and to fell in Billingsgate market, or in any other edsdian ° market within the weekly bills of mortality, any of the said herein makes one before-mentioned respective forts of fish, where more than one lot, may be is to be contained in any lot, as aforesaid, in any smaller num- ^fkle ber; or any eels by any lesser weight than herein before isfnfhejaid*prescribed for the felling, in any one lot, any of the said respect markets, tive forts of fish herein before specified.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That No fish may be no person or persons, from and after the said first day of May, one fold again,

thousand or exposed to^L.

So

salt the same day, in the

Anno secundo Georgii III. £176

thousand seven hundred and sixty two, shall a second time ft

same market or exPole to or for laie, n &tUing\gate market, or within the spa< where it was of one hundred and fifty yards from Billingsgate dock, or in an before fold, on other market in the city of London, or within the weekly bills penalty of 10l. mortality, any fish which, in the fameday, shall have been befbi nu 1 felU^n ^ame mar^et> but any buyer of fish in any of th same, whilst kid markets may fell the same again, whilst found and whole found and some, in any other place or places whatsoever, any law, custom wholesome, in or usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding any other upon pain that every one who shall offend in the premises, am p ace. shall^hereof convicted in manner hereby prescribed, shall, so

Before any ^cry such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to tx fish, to be Told levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein after men-at the first tioned.

hand in any

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day or May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, no person shall fell, or expose»to or for sale, at the first hand, in any market in the cities of JLondsn or Westminster, or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, any of the several forts of fish herein before specified, before he, she, or they, shall have, from time to time, first placed or put up, in some conspicuous manner, on or over the form, bench, stall, or place, at which he or she shall intend to offer or expose for sale, or shall offer or expose for sale any of such fish in any such market, a true particular or account, and in a large, fair,

of the said markets, be exposed to sale, an account of the forts, and quantity of each, in large legible characters, is to be put up at the fish Hand,

£founders>Cr0^an^S^le character, and either wrote or printed, distin^uishing

pUice, Cdahbs, herein the several species or forts of all such fish as aforesaid, excepted;and the quantity of every fort thereof respectively which he, (he,

and also of or they, shall men have, or have been intruded with or employ-niaF^rcJJ» ed to fell in any such market, except as to the number of rinwandTpil- founders, plaice, dabbs, mackrell, maids, herrings, and pilchards*P chards, which shall be brought to any such market for sale: and and if any o- if, at |ny time of the morning or day in which any such account tjjer of shall have been so placed up, and before the market of that day tfonedfo^e shall* ended or over» any °ther fish of the species or forts here-aft be in before mentioned, except as before excepted, shall be brought

brought for or sent to any such market as aforesaid to be sold, the person lale, before who shall be employed or intruded to sell the same, before he or the ?aybct °* or °er or exP°k to or for ^e, ^or any

over, ^other fish, shall add a true account or particular thereof to the

they are like- account before put up, if he or she had before put up any such wife to be add- account, and if not, shall put up such account thereof as is here-rount ^beforen before directed; and the party or parties hereby directed to'put up such account and accounts as aforesaid, shall take care that every such account and accounts shall continue up, where the same shall have been first placed, until all the fish specified

they are ex-poled to sale; and the said accounts are

to^ke uT ^ere^n fold* or the market of the day shall be over or

Undefacedtf]i ended, without being defaced or obliterated, upon pain that

- \ __________i. /L.11___1 _n. r...L

all the fish be everyone who shall neglect to put up any such account, or shall fold, or the not continue up such account as hereby is directed, during the market be time such account ought to continue up, and shall be convicted

i ?£>!.} Anno secundo Georgii III. 8i

in manner herein after prescribed of any such offence, shall, for on penalty of every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to Jr#jf^be levied, recovered, and applied, in the manner herein after- /bn before mentioned; and that every person who shall be convicted, in such time manner herein after directed, of wilfully taking down, defacing, wilfully obliterating, or altering, or causing to be taken down, defaced, d^Ce°^al-obliterated, or altered, any such account hereby directed to be ter, the ac- - placed up as aforesaid, at any time whilst the same, according to counts so put the intent of this act, ought to continue up, shall, for every such UP> or cau*c. last mentioned offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings, done*to^to be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein after- he forfeitsos. mentioned- No fiiherman*

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That &c; afferf^no fisherman, mariner, or other person, who shall be employed on

board any fishing ship, floop, smack, vessel, or boat, shall, after filing, may her arrival from fishing, wilfully destroy, or throw or call away destroy, or call any fifty, which any such fishing ship, floop, smack, vessel, or awa)> ot boat, shall have brought from sea, or caught in any navigable t^neunwhoL river, that is not unwholesome, perished, or unmarketable, ex- ibme, perish-"* cept sprats, which shall remain unfold when the market, to ed, or unmar-, which the same shall be sent for sale, shall be ended $ and if any ketable, re-such fisherman, mariner, or other person, shall offend in the premisses, and be thereof convitfted in manner herein after pre- market js feribed, every such fisherman, mariner, or other person, who over; on shall be so convicted, shall be committed to the house of correc- penalty of tien of the county, city, or place, in which any such offender ^ted^and shall be convidlea or apprehended, there to remain and be kept ept t'Q^"r(j to hard labour for any time not exceeding two months, nor less labour for any than one week, as the justice or justices, before whom any such time not ex-offender shall be convicted, shall order. ceeding

XXII. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That j^fcJhan "or from and after the passing of this act, all and every the person week, and persons within the four degrees or descriptions herein after All persons specified, who shall be employed in the fisheries of these kingdoms, HP^cr

shall be freed and exempted from being impressed into the service of lowingde- "* his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, other than and except in the feriptmns, cases herein after excepted; that is to fav, first, every master who employed in shall have the care or conduct of any fifning ship, floop, smack,fChfi?e£e# vessel, orboat, which shall be employed in the fishery on any o^doms, areex-the lea coasts of Great Britain^ or in any of the navigable rivers empted from within Great Britain; and who, or some owner of which fish- being impressing ship, floop, smack, vessel, or boat, shall have, or within fix- the

calendar months before the applying for any protection, as here- s crvice in after is allowed, shall have nad, one or more apprentice or ift, matters of apprentices, under the age of sixteen years each, bound to him, fiftiing vef-or to any such owner as aforesaid, for a term not less than five ^, s> ^ho» el-

Jears; and which apprentice or apprentices, in pursuance of such jy*rc* ^their linding, actually shall be, or have been, in the service of such owners, have, Vol. XXV. G'master, or within 6

months before

applying for a protection, shall have had, one or more apprentices, 'under 16 years of age, bound for 5 years, and employed in the bufmefsof fishing 5 idly, alt such apprentices, not exceeding to every —

82 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

mailer or master or owner, in the business of a fisherman: secondly, every such apprentice, not exceeding the number of four ap-ef 2ZJ prentices to every such master or owner as aforesaid of any fim-bmthen, or ing ship, (loop, fm*ck, or vessel, of or above the burthen of upwards; thirty tuns; and not exceeding the number of two apprentices to; very to every such master or owner as aforesaid, of any fishing ship, 3bhins"* ^o0P> smack, vessel, or boait, under the said burthen of thirty

during the tuns, during the time every such respective apprentice as aforetime of their said shall continue as an apprentice in the actual service of such apprentice- his master only, or of his representatives or assigns, in the bufi-STate of 20 nc^s a ^ermanJ and m no other service, and until the ref-yearsfthey2 pective age of twenty years of every such apprentice who shall continuing for so long continue in the fishing trade: thirdly, one mariner, be-the time in fides me master and his apprentice or apprentices as aforesaid, fifoih ^nl w cmPloy; €d to navigate or fi(n, in any fishing ship,

jdly/one ma- (loop, smack, or venel, of the burthen of ten tuns or upwards, riner, besides 6n any parts of the feacoafts of Great Britain, during the time, the master and such mariner shall continue and be so actually and truly employ-apprentices, ^; n the said fishing service: and, fourthly, any landman who ing ve?el of ^a^ enter on board any such fishing ship, (loop, smack, or vef-id tuns bur- fel, of the burthen of ten tuns or upwards, and be actually em-theii or up- ployed in navigating or fishing the rein, on any part of the sea w.ar(^» cm- coasts of Great Britain, for and during the space of two years, sea cdafMu- to^computed from the time of his first going to sea, employring his con- ed as aforesaid in any such fishing ship, (loop, smack, or vessel, tinuance in of the burthen of ten tuns or upwards, as aforesaid, and to the fudi service; €nd of any fishing voyage he may then be engaged in, and if he faniman en- continue and be so long really and truly employed in such tfering, and service.

employed on XXIII. And, to, secure to the several persons hereinbefore def-board such cribed, the benefit intended for them respectively by this act, and to vearsVrom* punish the persons who shall act contrary to the true intent and his first going meaning hereof, be it further enacted by the authority afore-to sea, and to said, That on an affidavit sworn before some justice or justices of the end of the peace, making out that the person or persons named and de-then^er^aeed fCT^edn affidavit come, or is or are within some or one of in, if he1to the descriptions herein before specified, and inferring therein the long continue tunnage of every such fishing ship, floop, smack, vessel, or in such fer- boat, and the port or place to which (he belongs, and the name On ^affidavit and description of every such jnafter, and the age of every such being made apprentice, and the term for which every such apprentice before some shall be bound, and the date of his indenture, and the name, age, justice, and and description, of every such mariner and landman respectively,

- d and the rime of every such landman's first going to sea, being of-

that The per- ^ered to l°rd high admiral of Great Britain, or to the commis-fons therein sioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great fin-named and for the rime being, or any three or more of them, or left

described, come within

some or one of the above descriptions* (Inferring the tunnage of the vessel, and port (he belongs to; the name and description of the master, the age of every such apprentice, and term he is bound foe, with the d-tfe of his indenture; and the name, age, and description of every such mariner suad landman, with the time of such landman's first ^oingtoica) —

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III.

at the office of admiralty, the said lord high admiral, or of of the admiralty for the time being, is and are hereby directed and required, with all convenient speed after every such un]els they affidavit shall be tendered to him or them, or left at the admi- suspeCfc the ralty office (unless he or they shall have reasonable cause to fuf- teth of such post the truth of any such affidavit, and in every such case he ^ichln such and they is and are hereby directed to cause inquiry to be made case they are into the truth of the matters contained in every such affidavit) directedtuen- from time to time, to grant a separate protection to every such qute person as aforesaid respectively, during the time he is allowed by this act to be protected, and without any fee or reward to be a separate pro-paid or taken for the same; and every person who shall be im- tedfion to eve.- pressed contrary to the intent of this act, shall, on producing the rJ such per-protection which shall have been granted to him in pursuance (^pro^cin of this act to the commanding officer, who shall have in his whereof, they custody, or under his care, any such impressed person as aforesaid, are to be forth* be forthwith discharged and released by such commanding with released, officer. if impressed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, during the continuance of any protection which shall be jfcJJ granted under this act, any person who shall be thereby protected impressed, ex-shall be impressed to serve his Majesty, his heirs, orsuccessors, other cept in the than and except in the case of an actual invasion of these king- j?* doms, or imminent danger thereof, and signified by some order dane^1* of his Majesty, or his heirs, or of his or their privy council, to thereof,the lord high admiral, or to the commissioners for executing the ^office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being; during, or of-and on producing the protection which shall have been so grant- fering to pro-cd to him, to the commanding officer of the party or gang who duce, his pro-shall impress any such person protected as aforesaid; or if offer- testion» ing to produce the same for the inspection of such the command- officer^all* ing officer, any such commanding officer shall refuse or neglect not examine, to fee or examine such protection, or shall detain the same pro- or shall with-tection from the party intituled thereto, and shall not forthwith ("chpro* discharge the party who shall be so impressed; or if the party so notreleafe impressed shall be carried on board any ship or vessel of or in the him 5 service of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, and the captain, or it, being or any officer, who shall have the command on board any such P1?*on f ship or vessel of or in the service of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, shall not, on any such protection granted as aforesaid ships, the being produced or tendered to him 5 or if such protection shall commanding have teen taken away from the party to whom it was so granted, 5fjer at of after his having been so impressed, then, if on an affidavit riurgehim on being made before some justice or justices, of the peace that such such protec-protection was so granted, and continues in force, and was tien being taken away from the party to whom the same was so granted, produced 5 or either at or after the time he was impressed, and being tendered to the captain or officer who shall have the command on board on tendering

G 2 any to him an af-

fidavit made

before some justice, that such protection was granted, and in force, and was taken away, when he was impressed; —

84 Anno secundo Georgii III. [t 761

or If any # any such ship or vessel as aforesaid, such captain or officer having o^cr^r an commanc^ as aforesaid, shall not forthwith discharge the of the crew11^ party who shall have been so impressed and brought on shipboard under him as aforesaid; or if any captain or officer having command as* shall take as aforesaid, or any of the crew or company under him, shall take way, or detain, away or detain any such protection granted as aforesaid; then tien protcc" every person who, in any of the said cases, shall so offend, except the offender, in the cases herein before excepted, shall respectively forfeit and in any of the pay to the party impressed, if not an apprentice, and, if an ap-(aid cases, prentice, then to the respective matter of every such apprentice, aol to the* sum twenty pounds, to be recovered and levied in like

party imprefT- manner as other forfeitures incurred by this act are herein after ed, not being directed to be recovered and levied.

an ap*r XXV.And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That apprendce* matter or owner of any such fishing ship, (loop, smack, vef-then to his fel, or boat, shall knowingly harbour, entertain, or employ, in inafter.*any such fishing ship, (loop, smack, vessel, or boat, any seaman The matter or or landman, who shall have deserted from his Majesty's service; fishhi1 vessel every matter or owner as aforesaid, on being convicted of knowingly*any such offence in manner herein after-mentioned, shall, for harbouring, every fu< h offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to Sec, a deserter be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein after spe- from the cified.

King s fer- XXVI.And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

forfeits sol. all justices of the peace, within their respective jurisdictions, shall. Justices are hear and determine all offences committed against the true intent impowered to Of this act; and that all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures inflict-tennine all* ec* anc* ma(^e payable by this act, whereof the time for payment offences com- is not herein before directed, shall be paid within twenty four mitted against hours after the conviction of the offender, either by his or her this act with- confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or spetive iur'if- witnesses; which oath every justice, within his respective juris-ditions; diction, is hereby authorized and required to administer; and and thepecu- that any justice or justices, within his or their respective jurisdic-niary penal- tien, may issue a warrant under his hand andfeaJ, or their hands time h not°C anc* ^ea^s respe<^vety> directed to any peace officer within their otherwise li- respective jurisdiction, to levy the same by distress of the goods mited, are ta and chattels of the respective person and persons who shall be so be paid in 24 convicted, and which shall be found within the jurisdiction of andma bele- any justie'e or justices; and if, within five days from any vied Iby distress such distress being Xaken, the money forfeited shall not be paid, and sale, together with the costs of such distress, the goods so distrained together with shall be appraised and fold, rendering the overplus, if any, after alicharges, as deducting the penalty or forfeiture, and the costs and charges of a juliice1*the distress and sale, to the owner or owners thereof; which charges shall be ascertained by some justice or justices of the and for want county, city, riding, division, or place, in which the offender or /u?c*cnt offenders shall have been convicted; and if sufficient distress (except in the cann0* at any time be found, whereby the money which shall case of the he forfeited by any offender or offenders against this act (other

driver of a than the driver of any fish carriage as aforesaid) can be levied,

hlh carriage)'on

5

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III.

i his, her, or their goods and chattels, then, and in every such fe, on proof thereof upon oath before fomcjustice or justices, thin whose respective jurisdiction any such offender or offen-ts shall reiide or be, such justice or justices shall, on the ap- the offender, cation of any prosecutor or prosecutors of any such offender or enders, issue a warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and prosecutor, Js, of any such justice or justices, directed to some peace shall be com-ker or officers, to apprehend every such offender or offenders, mitted to he, she, or they can be found, and to convey and commit {jard la" try such offender and offenders to the house of correction of ti?ne not e county, city, or place, where any such offender or offenders ceeding»ill be found and apprehended, there to remain and be kept months, hard labour for anytime not exceeding two months, as any unkfs the forth justice or justices shall order, unless the money which shall ^oner paid i forfeited by such offender or offenders shall be sooner paid. P

Provided always and it is hereby enacted, That no person Proportions nil suffer any punishment for any offence committed against mei^d with-lis ad, unless the prosecution for the same be commenced with- in 3 months " 1 three callendar months after such offence committed; and after the of-lar where any person shall suffer imprisonment, pursuant to thisence 5 3, for any offence contrary thereto, in default of payment of im-

ny penalty hereby imposed, such person shall not be liable after- pHfonnfentfor rards to pay such penalty. any offence,

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a- are not liable >resaid, That if any person who shall contract for fish contrary to aPay the pc" ".e intent of this act, shall, before information shall bemade against Any of the imfor having so contracted for the same, inform against any parties con-ther party who shall have entered into any such contract, and cerned in con-hc party or parties who shall be so informed against shall after- fading for rards, on any such information, be duly convicted of any such to this

jffence in manner herein prescribed, then, and in every such giving the first afe, the person who shall have so informed against and prose- information tted to conviction any such other person as aforesaid, shall be against, and quitted and released from all penalty and forfeiture which the srty so informing had incurred by having entered into, or been \5 indemnified party to, any such contract, and shall be intituled to and have himself,

: ne moiety of the penalty which shall be forfeited by reason of and intituled: he conviction of the party informed against the neniltv

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Evidences*That if it shall be made out, by the oath of any credible person or may be sum-persons, to the satisfaction of any justice or justices of the peace, moned, and that any one, within the jurisdiction of any such justice or justi-

ces, is likely to give or offer material evidence on behalf of the half of the " prosecutor of any offender or offenders against the true intent prosecutor a-and meaning of this act, or on behalf of the person or persons gainst offend-accofed, and will not voluntarily appear before such justice or ers* justices, and be examined, and give his, her, or their, evidence concerning the premisses, every such justice or justices is and are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their summons, to convene every such witness and witnesses before any such justice or justices, at such seasonable time as in fush fuounons shall be

G 3 faedj

86

Anno secundo Georgii III.

Ziy&j

and on their nonappear

fixed; and if any person so summoned shall neglect or refuse a appear at the time by such summons appointed, and nojxzj

cause Qiewn^ ca^e ^erec^ for such neglect or refusal, then.

afire

gaiaft them;

or refusal, proof by oath of such summons having been duly served upoj waiTants shall the party or parties so summoned, every such justice and justicre be issued js an(j m hereby authorized and required to issue his or thei warrant under his hand and seal, or their hands and seals, t< bring every such witness or witnesses before any such justice o justices; and, on the appearance of any such witness or witnesses before any such justice or justices, every such justice or justices is and are hereby authorized and impowered to examine, upor and on their oath, every such witness; and if any such witness on his or hea

refuting to be appearance, or on being brought before such justice or justices.

examined.

shall refuse to be examined, on oath, concerning the premisses, without offering any just cause for such refusal, any such justice or justices, within the limits of his or their jurisdiction, may, by may be com- warrant under his hand and seal, or their hands and seals, committed for any mit any person or persons so refilling to be examined to the pub-ime not ex- He prison of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place, la^noriefsn which t^ie or persons so refusing to be examined shall

than>3II0r C*be, to remain for any time not exceeding fourteen days,

nor less than three days, as any such justice or justices shall direct.

Offender ef-

XXIX. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That raping out of in case any person against whom a warrant shall be issued by any the junfdic- ju(yce or justices of the peace for any offence against this aeft, justice grant- S° into> re^e3or be, in any other county, riding, division, ing a warrant city, liberty, town, or place, out of the jurisdiction of the justice against him, or justices who shall have granted any such warrant or warrants the justice for as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any justice or justices the county of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, where he shall or pl^ce, into which such offender or offenders against this act rn^Kmay ^a^ 8° or ke> to indorse his or thfcirname or names on such warrant (proof being first made, on oath, of such warrant having been signed by such other justice or justices) and every warrant so indorsed shall be sufficient authority to all persons to execute such warrant in such other county, riding, division, city,

back such warrant, proof being made of the original tign-

ma^hear bberty, towr*> or place, out of the jurisdiction of the justice or

and determine Ju^ces who first granted such warrant; and every such justice the matter of and justices respectively, as the case shall happen, after indorsing complaint, any such warrant as aforesaid, may, on the offender or offenders therein named being apprehended and brought before any such as iflt had ori- justice or justices within his or their respective jurisdictions, hear within hh^ju- an<^ determine the matter of the complaint contained in every riCdiction; such warrant, in the same manner as if such complaint had originally arose within the jurisdiction of such justice or justices who wn^thTof^- shall have so backed any such warrant; or may direct the offender to his fender or offenders to be carried before a justice or justices with-original coun-, in whose jurisdiction the offence was committed, there to be ty, to be dealt jeajt with according to )aw.

TngtoUw.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 87

one moiety of all money which shall be forfeited for any offence One moiety of which shall be committed against this act (and not herein otherwise appropriated) shall, when recovered, go and be paid to the appropriated* person or persons who shall prosecute to conviction any such of- shall goto the fender or offenders, and the other moiety thereof shall go and be pr^c^utoI> paid to the treasurer of Greenwich hospital for the time tyring, for to Greenirich the benefit of the same hospital. hospital.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Persons ag-lawful for any person or persons who shall think him, her, or them- grieved by the selves aggrieved by any order or determination of any justice or °rdc? °*\dc'.justices of the peace, upon account of any offence committed, or anjustice"° supposed to be committed, against this act, to appeal to the ge- may appeal to nend or quarter session of the peace which shall be held for the the next quar* county, city, riding, division, or place, where any such offence tcr k011* shall have been committed, next after the conviction of any of- giving 8 daya fender or offenders for any offence committed against this act; notice to the the person or persons so appealing; first giving security in double parties, and the Aim forfeited, before such justice or justices, to prosecute fcran*yto such appeal with effect, and to abide by the order or orders which aj^iVitty shall be made on such appeal, and giving eight days notice in

writing of his, her, or their intention to appeal, to the party or parties on whose prosecution any such conviction shall be made, if there shall be so many days within the ti me of such conviction and such general or quarter session, and, if not, then the party or parties who shall deem him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any to give fucjj such conviction, shall and may be at liberty to appeal to the notice, ap-next general pr quarter session but one which shall be held next Peal maythe|* after any such conviction for the county, city, or place, where to

any such conviction shall be made; and the justices in their said session general or Quarter session are hereby authorized and required to and the ju-Eear and determine the matter of every such appeal, and to Wee* are make such order therein, and to award such costs, as to them l^mbc^the shall appear just, and to cause to be levied, under the order of any such session, the costs which shall be awarded, together with ward'colts; such money as any such court of session, on the hearing of any to be levied, such appeal, shall adjudge to be forfeited, by distress and sale of wltI*

the goods and chattels of the person or persons who shall refuse adjudged to be to pay such costs and money forfeited; and if sufficient goods or forfeited, chattels of any such offender or offenders cannot be met with to by distress and satisfy tuch costs and money forfeited, then by distress and sale of ra, e» OI}fthe the goods and chattels of the person or persons who shall have Sj^can become surety or sureties as aforesaid for {he party or parties who be found, shall have so appealed. and if not,

XXXII. Provided likewise, and be italfo enacted, That no order ^ion on Jut

or proceedings to be made or had by or before any justice of the or

peace in relation to the premisses, shall be quafned or vacated proceedings for want of form only; and that the order which shall be made of justices

in the premisses by the justices at their general or quarter session* vaca* of the peace as aforesaid, shall be final; and that no proceedings of any such justice or justices out of session, or in their said ge- removed by peril or quarter session, in pursuance of this act, shall be remove- Certiorarijtot

[General issue.]

88 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

nor order of able by Certiorari, letters of advocation or of suspension, or the court of otherwise.

rated fronT

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if Limitation of any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person actions. or persons, for any thing which shall be done in pursuance of this act, every such action or suit shall be brought and1 commenced within the space of six calendar months next after any such cause of action shall have accrued, and not afterwards; and shall be brought, laid, and tried in the county, city, or place, in which the cause of action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and that the defendant and defendants in every such action and suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall not be commenced within the rime before limited, or shall be laid or brought in any other county, city, or place, than where the cause of action shall have arisen; tnen, and in any of such cases, the jury shall find a verdict for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any such action or suit shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action, after the defendant or defendants therein shall have appeared, or if, on any demurrer, judgment shall be given for the defendant or defendants; then, and in any of the said cases, every such defendant or defendants shall have and recover treble costs, and shall be intituled to pursue and Provisions in take such remedy for recovering of the same, as any defendant

tUe aft touch- or defendants hath or have to recover his or their cods in other me the tale or c,

buying of cases by law,

fish within

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid the bills of That all the provisions and regulations herein before contained and

mortality, and enacted, with respect to places within the weekly bills of mor-^n-observ^ tality, touching the sale Qr buying of fish, and all penalties for the an«e thereof, non-observance thereof, shall extend, and be condrued to extend, are extended to the parish of Saint Mary le bone in the said county of Middle-totkfP-rifl1 sex, and shall in like manner to all intents and purposes take ?ebone in^P*ace> an^ be in force, with respect to the said parish of Saint Middlesex. Mary le bone.

The prohibi-

XXXV. Provided further, and it is hereby also enabled andde-th^aaaUfC* c^arec^by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained contradf^re extend, or be condrued to extend, to make void any con-not to extend tract already made, or to prevent any contract from being made, to thofemade, after the said fird day of May, one thousand seven hundred and

wirivr*"rdto two* or any P^0*1 or persons, in regard to salt or felt olnfried ° dried fish, oyders, carp, or tench, or any of them, fish, oysters,

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and carp or tench, declared by the authority aforesaid, That no judice orjudicesof tionma'Te Peace receive any information against any person or received^by \ persons, byreason of being a party to, or concerned in, any con-justice agauift tract for buying up fish to be sold again contrary to the intent of this act; but that all money which shall be payable or forfeited

[Treble costs.]

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 89

by reaion of any such contract being made or entered into, shall any person, be recoverable only, together with double costs of suit, by the ^or being con-person who shall inform and sue for the same in one of his Ma- contra^for^ jesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, wager buying up of law, or protection, shall oe allowed; and one moiety of the fishtobefold money so forfeited, shall, when recovered, go and be paid to the ag^mt^ntI^" treasurer of Greenwich hospital for the time being, for the bene- but the penal-fit of the same hospital, and the other moiety thereof to the per- ty for enter-son or persons who shall inform for and recover the same. ing into such

contract, shall be recoverable only, with double costs, in one of the courts at Welhninster/ one moiety to go to Greenwich hospital, and the other to the prosecutor.

CAP. XVI.

An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the King of Spaih has lately betn induced, with*

out any provocation on his Majesty's party in efftfty to declare wr against his Majesty \ which has necessarily, engaged his Majesty in affual war with the hid King of Spain, in defence of his subjects, and the rights and possessicns of his crown: and whereas his Majesty has been pleased to notify the same by proclamation, and a public declaration thereof, on the second day of January, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty two: Now9 for the better carrying on the said war with vigour and for the encouragement of the officers and seamen of his Majesty's ships of wary and the officers and seamen of all other British ships and veJJ'ehy having commissions and letters of marque, and for inducing all British seamen who may be in any foreign service to return into this ^e^njeert Jtingdomy and become feruiceable to his Majesty; and for the board the°n more effectual securing and extending the trade of his Majesty's King's ships, Jidjects; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by are intituled to and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tempo-nd, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by ^ptu's ^1 the authority of the same, That the flag officers, commanders, the enemy's and other officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers, on board vessels and even' ship and vessel of war in his Majesty's pay, shall have the ^e war^11^!^ foie Entered and property of and in all and every ship, vessel, Spain] goods, and merchandises, which they shall take, from and after be made after the second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and»Jan. 1762, sixty two, during the continuance of this war against Spain (be- c

ing first adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majesty's courts of aw u admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Majesty's plantations in to be divided America, or elsewhere) to be divided in such proportions, and among them after such manner, as his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, shall his Majesty, think fit to order and direct by proclamation or proclamations {i£nprftai*ma" hereafter to be issued for those purposes. dire#.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That And all vef* any ship or ships, vessel or vessels* arms, ammunition, (lores klf» ars.» of war, goods and merchandises whatsoever, with all their fur- ^r^u"}^anr' niturc, tackle, or apparel, taken, or to be taken, during the good* and 9

present

90 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

merchandfe- present war with Spain, by or with any private owner or owners or vessel, according to any commission or letter of marque duly iicenied, to be granted as herein after is directed by the lord high admiral*of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, or arty three or more of them, or any person or persons by him toeing firstad- or them impowered and appointed (being first adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majesty's courts of admiralty as aforesaid) SSong wholly shall wholly and entirely belong to, and be divided between to the captors and among, the owner and owners of such ship or vessel, and and their the several persons who shall be on board the same, and be aid-t^bedividedn£ assisting to the taking thereof, in such share and proas by agree- portions as shall be agreed on with the owner or owners of such ment among ship or vessel as shall be the captor thereof, their agentsor factors, themselves j as the proper goods and chattels of such owner or owners, and the persons that shall be thus intituled thereto by virtue of such agree-'xnents among themselves; and that neither his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, or any admiral, vice admiral, governor, or other person commissioned by, or claiming under, his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, or any person or persons whatsoever, other than the owner or owners of such ship or vessel bfeing the captain of such prize ship or vessel, arms, ammun-nkion, storesof war* goods, and merchandises, and the person paying only claiming under him or them, shall be intituled to any part or the accustom- share thereof (except as to the customs and duties) any custom, able duties, Statute, or of her law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, inti-cmsancTre- tu* fir encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and

gulations in effectual manning his Majesty's navy, several provisions and regu-aaa9 Geo. il. lations were established for the better carrying on the salutary purposes by the said act intended in the prosecution of the war against France: and whereas by another act made in the thirty as explained second year of his said late Majesty's reign, intituled An act to and amended explain and amend an act made in the twenty ninth year of his pre-cT sent Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the encouragement of

seamen, and the more speedy and eflfedual manning his Majesty's navy; and for the better preventing of piracies and roboeries by crews of private ships of war; the said act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his fai4 late Majesty was explained and amended, and several further provisions and respecting the regulations were established to continue during the war with Sffions8orm" F?anee; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That letters of the several regulations and provisions respecting the grant of marque; the commission, or letters of marque, the persons acting, and the persons ad- captures made, under the authority or such commissions or tuf^made^" letters of marque, and all other clauses, provisoes, matters, and underautho- things, contained in the said act made in the twenty ninth year rity thereof { of the reign of his said late Majesty, as the same were explained and also the and amended by the said recited act of the thirty second year provUbcTia^late Majesty's reign; and also all clauses, provisoes,

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 91

matters, and things, contained in the said last-m*ntion*d a<£f the last men. of the thirty second year of the reign of his said late Majesty, ^extend d shall extend, and be construed and deemed to extend, to the ^the grant grant of commissions or letters of marque to the pwfons acting, of commis-and the captures made, under the authority of such commissions lions, or let-or letters of marque, and all other matters or things whatso- ^rso^c &c-ever in respect of the same, during the continuance of thepre- ^nder this Cent war with Spain* as fully, amply, and effc6hially, to all act s intents and purposes, as if the same regulations, provisions^ dauses, provisoes, matters, and things, had been.particularly repeated and re-enacted in this act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. And the pro. That the several provisions, and regulations respedking any prize or bounty monies, contained in an act of the.thirty third year [n^aaV^ Geo. of the reign of his, late Majesty King. G^r^the Second, inti- \i. respcdbng, tuled. An act for the more effectual securingjbe payment: of such prize and prize and bounty monies as were appropriated to, the use. of Green. ^nty mo- wien hospital by an. act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encouragement of are to be 5n seamen, and the more Jpeedyand effectual manning his Aiaje/lys navy, force during shall be in full force with regard to any prizes to: fae made during the present the continuance of the present warwith Spain* of any bounty money to be paid in respect of such prizes.

CAP. XVII.

An act for the relief of the vassals of the several estates which are or may be annexed to the crown, by virtue of an ail passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late Md-jefiy, and for carrying the purposes of the said aR more efftBually into execution \ and for enforcing and carrying into execution so much of anah^passed in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty as relates to the paying and discharging the Wadfetts offefling the fate of Lorat.

WHEREAS by an act made in the twentyfifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second> intituled An inadt5 44 ail for annexing certain forfeited estates in Scotland to the crown an- Ocov U. " aBenaSty; and for making satisfaction to the lawful creditors there- upon; and to establish a method for managing the same; and applying the rents and profits thereof \ for the better civilizing and improving the highlands of Scotland, and preventing disorders there for the fu- turef it is, among other things, enacted, That the lands and heritages which became forfeited to his late Majesty by the attainder of Simon late lord Lovat 5 John Drummond, taking upon himself the file or title of lord John Drummond, brother to James Drummond, taking upon himself the title of duke ^Perth; George late earl of Cromarty; and Archibald Mac Donald, Jon of Coll Mac Donald of Barrifdale? and also the barony of Strowan; and (dl other lands and hereditaments which formerly belonged to Alexander Robertson of Strowan, and became forfeited to the crown9 by decree or feiftena of forfeiture passed in the parliament of Scotland in

the'

6

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

The King may im power of and tru-flees nominated for the said forfeited ellates, to receive resignations, and grant new chartersy See. for compleating the titles of the vassals; and the charters, &c.so granted are declared to be valid

the year cue thousand six hundred and ninety, shall, from and after the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, be annexed to the imperial crown of this realm, and shall be and remain for ever unalienable from the same \ and it is thereby enabled,lbat it shall be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, by commission under the prtVy seal of Scotland, to authorize and impower such person or persons as his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, shall think fit, from time to time, to be commissioners and trustees for managing the said estates, and applying the produce thereof for the ends and purposes appointed by the said act: and whereas his late Majesty, by his commission dated the twentieth of March, one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, did authorize and impower the persons therein mentioned to be trustees and commissioners for managing the said annexed efiates, and which commission was passed under the privy seal of Scotland the tenth day of May, in the said year one thousand seven hundred and fifty five; and his present Majesty, by his commission dated the twenty fifth day of July, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, did also authorize and impower the persons therein named to be trustees and commissioners for managing the said annexed efiates; and which commission also was passed under the privy seal ^Scotland upon the third day of August, in the said i year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one: and whereas there are many small vassals, who, before the forfeiture of the said efiates, held their lands and other heritages of the aforesaid attainted persons and their predece/fors respectively, and who now hold the same of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors: and whereas it would be a very grievous burden upon the said vassals to make up the titles and in-feoffments of their several lands, by precepts from the Chancery, or by charters under the great seal of Scotland, and to be subjected to the expenses attending the same, as required by law in lands holden of the crown; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, to authorize and impower the of and trustees for managing the said estates, named or to be named by his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, in pursuance of the act above recited, to receive resignations, and grant new charters containing precepts of Sasine, and also to grant all other charters, precepts of Clare Confiat, and other writings whatsoever, necessary or competent for complecting the titles of the foresaid vassals, their heirs, and Angular successors, in their lands and other heritages respectively, to be hiolden feu or blench of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, in the same way and manner as the said lands and heritages are now holden, or may be holden, of his Majesty; and which charters, preeepts of Sasine, and precepts of Clare Confiat, to be granted by such of and trustees, are hereby declared to be as valid and effectual to the Caid vassals, their heirs, and Angular successors, for cora-

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 93

pleating their infeoffments in their lands and heritages aforesaid, as if the said infeoffments had proceeded upon charters and precepts under the seal appointed by the treaty of union to be kept in Scotland, in place of the great seal, or upon precepts from Chancery \ any thing in the law and practice of Scotland to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and are to be such charters, precepts of Safme, and precepts of Clare Conflaty ente[jd £il to be granted by the said of and trustees, shall, be- so^delivery fore delivery thereof to the vassals, be duly entered and recorded to the vassals, in a book to be kept for that purpose; and that the said vassals, who are to shall be liable to pay, and be chargeable with the same compo- Pay th* P*ual fitions for their entries, as are in use to be paid in the court of (to'STapplied Exchequer by his Majesty's other vassals, to be applied by the to the purpoffeid of and trustees for the same uses and purposes es of the as the other rents, profits, and casualties, of the said annexed ef- tru?), tates, and shall further be liable to pay the writer, agent, or other officers of the said of and trustees, employed in pcding the " expecting the aforesaid titles, such moderate fees, as the said title*, of and trustees shall ascertain, by a table to be made by them for that purpose.

III. Provided always, That it shall and maybe competent to The vassals the vassals of the said estates, their heirs, and Angularsuccessors, ay makeup or any of them, if they shall think fit, to make up their titles to precepts7rom their respective lands, by precepts from the Chancery, or charters {he Chancery, under the great seal, in the same way and manner as is compe- or charters tent to the other vassals of the crown; and that such titles only, under the and no other, shall be deemed and taken to be a freehold quali- gr5at/^5, |^fication, and to entitle the vassals of the said estates to be enroll- dCCmed a

cd amongst the freeholders, and to vote in the election of a freehold qua-member to serve in parliament for the county, Shire, or stewartry, location, and

where their lands lie; any thing in this act to the contrary not-, ntltlc them

a, > j o j to vote in the

withstanding. election of

IV. And whereas by the act of the twenty fifth year of his members, fate Majesty, in part above recited, it is provided. That no Clause in act person shall be capable of taking or enjoying, directly or indi-5( Geo. n\ redly, any lands or tenements, other than mines and fishings, fonCr, °£^d by virtue of any lease or leases to be granted by the said com- trustees may missioners of greater annual relit than twenty pounds at the ut- grant leases most: and whereas the reason for excepting mines and (idlings of woods and from the above provisoe, does equally apply to woods and mills, "'V!8*

be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may {HLdly^et be lawful to the of and trustees named, or to be therewith, named, by his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for managing though the the said erfates, to grant leases of woods and of mills, with the^exced milln lands usuallylet with the same, for such yearly relit as ao, per can be obtained for the same, though exceeding twenty pounds sterling; any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

y. And whereas by an a&made in the first year of his pre- Recital of lent Majesty's -cign, intituled An atlfor enabling his Majesty /^daJfes yj'

/" 1 uCOl

ra: je

£4 Anno secondo Georgii III. [1761.

rjj/J the sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mention end for further appropriating the supplies granted in this fejfid parliament; and for exempting any annuities or films ofmoney grax or to he granted to the royal family, from payment of taxes; ceitl aids or supplies granted to his Majesty, are thereby appropriai for and towards the several uses and purposes therein exprrflc and particularly it is thereby enacted, That out of all or any the aids or supplies therein mentioned, there shall and maybe sued and applied any sum or sums of money not exceeding thir eight thousand five hundred and fifty three pounds, twelve fhiJ ings, and one penny* and three fourths of a penny, upon accoun for paying and discharging the debts and wadset dims, with t] necessary expences attending the payment of the same, ciaimc and sustained upon the lands and crate which became fbrfeite to the crown by the attainder of Simon late lord Lovat, or t much of the fain debts and sums as shall be remaining unsatisfied according to the several decrees in that behalf respectively mad by the lords of session in Scotland, and pursuant to the act of the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George thi Second, above recited; and for the better and more easy payment of the said debts and wadset sums, it is thereby enacted, and in aft5 That it shall and may be lawful for the of of his Oeo. II. Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, to issue, or cause to be issued, in such proportions as they shall think fit, to either or both of the banks of Scotland, at Edinburgh, a sum not exceeding thirty eight thousand five hundred and fifty throe

pounds, twelve shillings, and one penny, three fourths of a penny, to be applied in paying and discharging the said debts and sums, with the necessary expence attending the payment of the same; and the several creditors, whose claims have been sustained upon the said lands and estates as aforesaid, are thereby directed and required on or before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixtyone, to produce, or cause to be produced, m his Majesty's dourt of exchequer in Scotland, the decree or decrees of the court of session, sustaining the said claims; and, upon producing of every such decree or decrees, the barons of the said court of exchequer are thereby impowered and required to make out debentures or certificates, under their hands, for the several sums of money which shall appear to be due by and under the said decrees respectively; and the fevera/ sums contained in the said debentures or certificates, aredifefted to be paid, at fight, by the said bank or banks, out of the money aforesaid, to the person or persons intituled by the said debentures to receive the same: provided always, That if the decree or decrees, sustaining the claim or claims of any creditor or creditors aforesaid, shall not be produced in his Majesty's said court of exchequer, on or before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, as aforesaid, such claim or claims shall not carry any farther interest after the said first day of^one thousand seven hundred and sixty one: and whereas, in pursuance of the act Jgft above-recited, the sum of thirty seven

Anno secundo GEORGII III. $5

thousand three hundred and forty eight pounds, nine shillings, and five pence, was issued by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, and lodged in the royal bank of Scotland^ at Edinburgh, preceding the said fifth day of 7ufy9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, for paying and discharging the debts and wadset Turns aforesaid, and has, in part, been applied in paying and discharging the several creditors upon the said estate, who produced the decrees of the court of iession, sustaining their several claims in the said court of exchequer, according to the directions of the aforesaid Statute: and whereas the wadfetters upon the said estate whole claims have been sustained for their several wadset sums, by decrees of the said court of Iession, are in possession and receipt of the rents and profits of the lands wadfetted to them respectively, for payment of their several wadset sums, and cannot be removed from that possession until their wadfets are redeemed by payment or confirmation of their several wadset sums, according to the order o? redemption prescribed In their several wadset rights, whereby the trustees and of for managing the said annexed estates, are kept out of the possession and receipt of the rents and profits of the said wadset lands, and, in the mean time, the money provided by parliament, and lodged in the said bank for discharging these wadsets, remains a dead stock bearing no interest: and whereas the prosecuting of separate declarators of redemption, and removing against each of the said wadfetters, would be attended with great delay, and one action of unnecessary expence to the public; be it therefore enacted by declarator of the authority aforesaid, That one altion of declarator of re- redemption, demption, containing a conclusion of removing, may be brought conduHoifoT before the court of Iession, in the name of his Majesty's advo- removing! cate, against the whole wadfetters upon the said estate, which may be 69 may and shall be served against the defendants under the general brought in description of The wadfetters upon the estate of Lovat, by one cdi&al citation upon oath, thirty days notice to be affixed on the advocate*walls of the inner and outer house of the said court of session, against the where the rolls of causes in that court are usually affixed, con- wtole wadset-duding to have it found and declared, that the lodgement of t* uP°n the sums aforesaid in the royal bank at Edinburgh, for paying Lov*tt° and discharging their several wadfett sums, is and shall be deemed the lodgment and taken to be a legal and proper consignation of their several of the money wadfett sums, to all intents and purposes, as if the order of re-

demption prescribed in their several wadfett rights had been paying off complied with and followed out against each of them separately j the wadtot and that the lands and other heritages wadfetted to them re- Turns, being spectively, shall be held, deemed, and taken to be redeemed, deemed a le- and out quit from them, their heirs, and successors respectively; ^nCthcifof" and they, and their tenants, servants, and other dependants, be^the lands removed from the possession of the said lands and other here- to be there-tages wadfetted to them as aforesaid, at the respective terms of uP°n removing specified in their several wadfett rights, and decrees of and c occu* the court of session sustaining their claims, or at such other term pjcr| raaoY/ or terms as to the fiu4 court shall foem justj U> act that the said cd,

com-

and the of and trustees, and their tenants, to enter into possession: The court to proceed in the said action in a fu ram ary way.

Wadfetters may com pie at their titles, by obtaining cnarters, See. from the commissioners.

: the usual fees; And upon corapleating the same; and granting discharges j and producing the same to the barons of the Exchequer, with decrees of the court fufraining the claims; the barons shall make out debentures for the money due; which shall be discharges to the bank.

The provisions touching the entry of the vafTals of the said annexed estates, shall extend to all such other ellates as are, or may be, annexed to the crown, in pursuance of acte2c Geo. IL

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

of and trustees, and their tenants, may have freer access to enter to the possession of the said wadfett lands in time coming; and the said court of session is hereby authorized and required to proceed in the aforesaid action in a summary manner, without abiding the course of any roll, and to give the like decree or decrees therein, as would have been competent in law in a separate addon of declarator and removing against each of the said wadfetters, proceeding upon the order of redemption laid down and prescribed in their several wadset rights.

VI. And whereas it may happen that same of the said wadfetters may not be duly veiled and seised in the said wadfett lands, so as to be enabled to discharge and renounce their wadfett right in a habile and proper manner; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every person or persons having right to such wadsetts, and to the decrees of the court of session sustaining the same, to compleat their titles in the wadfett lands respectively, by obtaining charters, precepts of Clare C<mjlaty or other warrants for infeoffment, from the said of and trustees, in the same way and manner, and upon payment of the same fees, as by this act is made competent to the vassals of the said annexed estates.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon compleating such titles, and granting the proper discharges and renounciations of the said wadfett rights, or of any of them, and producing the same before the barons of the said court of Exchequer, together with the decree or decrees of the court of session sustaining the claim or claims of such wadfetter or wadfetters, the barons of the said court of Exchequer, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby impowered and required, to make out debentures or certificates for the several sums of money which shall appear to be due by and under the said decrees respectively, in the same form, and to be issued, delivered, and paid, to the said wadfetters, or others in their name, in the same way and manner as is provided for, and directed by, the act above recited, with respect to the payment of the other/creditors upon the said estate; and the said debentures or certificates shall be to the said royal bank at Edinburgh sufficient discharges for such payment.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the whole provisions of this act touching the entry of the vassals of the annexed estates aforesaid to their respective lands and heritages, shall extend to the vafTals of all such other estates as now are, or may be, annexed to the imperial crown of this realm, in pursuance of the aforesaid act of the twenty fifth year of his late Majesty's reign, from and after the time that such other estates shall become subject to the administration and management of the of and trustees appointed, or to be appointed, by his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, in pursuance of the said act; and that in all cases, and so often as it shall happen, that provision shall be made by parliament for paying

an<

97

and the like action shall be competent* in like cases, against the wad fetters of such estates $ and they shall have like method of corn-pleating their titles, and of denouncing the same.

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III.

and diichdrging the wadfetts affecting any such other dftatd which now is, or hereafter may be, annexed to the crown in pursuance of the aforesaid act, the like action against the wad-fetters of each estate respectively shall be competent to his Majesty's advocate, and shall proceed in the same form and manner, and to the same effect; and that the like method 6jf completing die titles of the wadfetters upon such other estates, and of renouncing and discharging the same, shall be competent to them, and take place in the same form and manner as herein is above provided with respect to the wadfetters of the eftfete of Lovat.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for rendering Haora effectual an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled*

An act for providing a publick reward for such person or persons as shall discover the longitude at sea, with regard to the making experiments of proposals made for &)covering the longitude.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament inaie in the twelfth year Preamble, rM of the reign of her late Majesty §>ueen Anne, intituled*44An u act for providing a publick reward for such person or persons as x*

shall discover the longitude at fea" the of therein named,

or any Jive or more of them, have full power to hear and receive any proposal or proposals that shall be made to thent for discovering the said longitude; and in case the fold tommijftoners* or any five or more of them* shall be so far satisfied of the probability of any such discovery* as to think it troper to make experiment thereof they shall certify the same* under their hdnds and seals* to the of of the navy for the time being* together with the persons names who are authors of such proposals; and upon producing such certificate* the said of are thereby authorized and required to make out a bill or bills for any fuel) sum or films of money* not exceeding two thousand pounds* as the said of for the discoVery of the said longitude* or any five or more of them* shall think necessary for making the experiments* payable by the treasuref of the navy*which sum orjiims the treasurer of the navy is* by the said act* required to pax immediately to such person or persons as shall be appointed by the Jala of to make those experiments* out of an) money that shall be in his hands unapplied for the use of the navy: and whereas* for a due and sufficient encouragement to any such person or persons as shall discover a proper method for finding the pud longitude* it is likewise enacted by the said act* That the first author or authors* discoverer or discoverers* of any such me-thod* his or their executors, administrators* or assigns* shall be intituled to* and have* such reward as in the said act is particularly mentioned: end whereas oy another act of parliament made in the fourteenth year t\ Geo. It. of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second* intituled*

44. An act for surveying the thief ports and head lands on the coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, and the islands and plantations thereto belonging* in order to the more exalt determination of the longitude Vol. XXV. H 44 and

98

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

and latitude thereof" it was enacted, That the said of for discovering the )'aid longitude, or any five or more of them, Should have full power to apply Judo part of the said sum of two thousand pounds, mentioned in the said first recited act, as bad not then been laid out in experiments, as they Jltould think necessary for the making such survey, and determining the longitude and latitude of the chief ports and bead lands on the coajls of Great Britain and Ireland, and the islands and plantations thereto belonging; and that such sum or sums, part of the said tveo thousand pounds, which the said of, or any five or more of them, Should think necessary, Should be paid immediately by the treasurer of the navy, to such per fan or per fans as Should be appointed by the said of to make such survey, and determine such longitude and latitude, out of the money that Should he in the hands of such treasurer unapplied for the use of the andi6 Geo. II. navy: and whereas by an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An 44 act to render more effectual an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An for providing a publick reward for such person or persons as shall discover the longitude at sea, " with regard to the making experiments of proposals made for discovering the longitude, and to enlarge the number of of for putting in execution the said act, the further sum of two thousand pounds was directed to be applied in such manner as the commissioners for the discovery of the longitude Should think necessary, for making further experiments: and whereat the said of have, by virtue of the powers vejled in them by the said several acts before-mentioned, heard and received several proposals made to them, at different times, for discovering the said longitude, and have, accordingly, certified the same, from time t9 time, to the of of the navy for the time being, whereupon bills have been made out for several sums of money, amounting, in the whole, to four thousand pounds; all which respective sums have been paid to several persons by the treasurer of the navy, purfnan t to the dire ft ions of the said acts of parliament; which the said of, for discovering the longitude, thought necessary for making the faii experiments: and whereas by reason of the several payments made by the treasurer of the navy to the several persons as aforesaid, the said of have, by virtue of the said acts of parliament, expended the whole of the sums thereby granted for the purposes aforesaid: and whereas, from the experiments which have already been made in fur-fuance of the powers vejled in the said of as aforesaid, there is great reason to expect that, by continuing to encourage ingenious persons to invent and make further improvements and experiments, in order to discover the said longitude, such discoveries may at length be produced as will effectually answer that end, and thereby contribute very much to the advantage of the trade and honour of this kingdom*: therefore, for enabling the said of to canfie such further experiments to be made as they shall think proper for the purposes aforesaid, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commogs, in this present parliament assembled.

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III.99

assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said com- Tte commis-miiSoners, constituted by the said several acts of parliament nder " before-mentioned for the discovery of the longitude at sea, and the recited for examining, trying, and judging, of all proposals, experi- acts, are im-ments, and improvements, relating to the same, or any five or powered to more of them, shall have full power to hear and receive any ^Jjveo re" proposal or proposals that have bseen, or shall hereafter be, made faU^for difoo-to them for discovering the said longitude at sea; and in case the vering thelon-fud of, or any five or more of them, shall be so far gitude at feaj satisfied of the probability of any such proposal or discovery, as f^sfiedof

to think it proper to make experiment thereof, they shall certify probabili-

the same, under their hands and seals, to the of of ty of any such the navy for the time being, together with the persons names proposal, as to who shall be the authors of such proposals; and, upon produc- [£m k£r°per ing such certificate, the said of of the navy are r\J^t there-" hereby authorized and required to make out a bill or bills for of, they are to any such sum or sums of money, not exceeding two thousand certify the pounds, as the said of for the discovery of the said [^authors longitude, or any five or more of them, shall think necessary to the for making any experiments in pursuance of this act, or any of commissionera the said former aits above-mentioned, payable by the treasurer of the navy f of the navy; which sum or sums the treasurer of the navy for wh2ea^lt^bills the time being is hereby required to pay immediately to such [hereupon for person or persons as shall be appointed by the commissioners for any sum or the discovery of the said longitude, to make those experiments, sums not ex-out of any money that shall be in his the said treasurer's hands unapplied for the use of the navy. thought ne-

cellary; to be paid by the treasurer of the navy out of any money in hii bands unapplied.

CAP. XIX.

An act for the better preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called England.

FOR the better preservation of the game in this kingdom, may it ^ramble?.

please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and ^62^0person be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with maytak!£killt the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and buy, or fell, or commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au- hajeinhiscuf-thority of the same, That no person or persons, after the first ndgelbetwcm day or June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, shall, j*Feb.&iSep. upon any pretence whatsoever, take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, orpbea&at, buy, or have in his, her, or their possession or use, any partridge, b€t7cel!/eb* between the twelfth day of February and the first day of Sep- Sheath fowl. Umber, in any year; or any pheasant, between the first day of between 1 Jan* February and the first day of October, in any year; or any heath and 20 Aug. fowl, commonly called Black Game, between the first day ofor grouse, be-January and the twentieth day of August, in any year; or any and a 5 July*grouse, commonly called Red Game, between the first day of in any year § December and the twenty fifth day of July, in any year. Pheafantstak.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act mall extepd to en in the pre-any pheasant which shall be taken in the season allowed by this perseason, and aa, and kept in any mew or breeding-place. KE"'

ioo Anno secundo Georgii III.

Thi» aft not

III. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall to extend to extend, or be construod to attend, to that part of Britain 8oot, nd* called Scotland.

Persons of-

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That fending in any if any person or persons shall transgress this act in any of the aforesaid* aforesaid cases, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof by the oath forfeit 51. personc or raore credible witness or witnesses, every such person

bird, to the shall, for every partridge, pheasant, heath fowl, or grouse, so prosecutor# taken, kilied, deftrpyea, carried, fold, bought, or found in his, her, or their poflemon or use, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, forfeit and pay the fuin of five pounds to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same: and to it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to sue

costs fa any a*n<^ prosecute for, and recover, the said penalty of five pounds, of the courts with full costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or informa* at Wefoxdn* tien, In any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; fter. and in such action or suit, no essoin, wager of law, or more than

one imparlance, shall be allowed.

Recital of V. And whereas by an act passed in the eighth year of the reign ^ Geo. ? hisate Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for the better recovery of the penalties infilled upon persons who destroy the game j it was enacted, That wheresoever any person (nail, for any offence to be hereafter committed against any law now in being for the better preservation of the game, be liable or subject to any pecuniary penalty or sum of money, upon conviction before any justice or justices of the peace, it shall and may be lawful for any other person whatsoever, either to proceed to recover the said penalty by information and conviction, before a justice or justices of the peace, in such manner as is in such law contained, or to sue for the same by action of debt, or on the case, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record: and whereas, a moiety Or portion of the said pecuniary penalty is, by several acts of parliament, directed to be applied to and for the use of the poor of the parish wherein such offence shall be committed, by reason whereof inhabitants of the said parish have been disallowed to give evidence touchrflg such offences: and whereas suits by action of debt, or on the case, bill, plaint, or information, are often attended with great The whole of co^s an<* charges to the prosecutor, by means whereof the end the pecuniary or intentions of the said act have been, in a great measure, penalties un- frustrated; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority ft thC aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall luedfoT and an<* maY b* lawful for any person whatsoever, to sue for and recovered to recover the whole of such penalty for his own use, by action of the sole use of debt or on the case, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his theorofecutor, Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, 3 f°Ub ° ^gcr of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and no part an" wherein the plaintiff, if he recovers, shall have his double thereof to go costs; and that no part of the said penalty, recovered in any toe use of such lUit or action, frail be paid, or applied to or for the use of

the

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 101

the Door of the parish wherein such offence shall be committed j the poor of any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding, panlh.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such aCHon, Prosecutions fiiit, bill, plaint, or information, shall be brought or exhibited, to be within 6 but within the space of six months next after the matter or thing done, for which the same shall be commenced or exhibited as lotted aforesaid,

CAP. XX.

an act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws, now in being, relating to the rai-Jtng and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS a well regulated militia has been found to be of Preamble, W great utility, and is of the utmost importance to the internal defence of tins country: And whereas the laws now in force for the training and regulating thereof are in Come respects defective; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, jbe King to and commons, in parliament assembled, and by the authority issue forth of the same. That from and after the passing of this act, his commissions Majesty, his heirs, and successors, may and shall issue forth for ^hcrespec^ commissions of lieutenancy, for the respective counties, ridings, tive counties* and places, herein after mentioned; and the respective lieute- the lord lieu, nants thereby appointed shall have full power and authority, tenants ira-and they are hereby required to call together all such persons, [^euiwn to and to arm and array them at such times, and in such manner, assembfe and as is herein after expressed; and such respective lieutenants shall, arm the mili-firom time to time, constitute and appoint such persons as they tia» and ap-Shall think fit, qualified as is herein after directed, and living j^c^nts^ within their respective counties, ridings, and places, to be their being first ap.

deputy lieutenants; the names of such persons having been first proved of by

his " "'anc

commissions

preferited to, and approved by, his Majesty, his heirs, or fuc- his Majesty J ceflors; and shall, before the times appointed for holding the third meetings of the deputy lieutenants and justices of to?roper# peace within their respeCfcive subdivisions, for choosing by lot number of of the persons to serve in the militia as herein after mentioned, ficers, hefore appoint a proper number of colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors,h, rd -

and other officers, also qualified as is herein after directed, to [^deputy train and discipline the persons so to be armed and arrayed, ac- lieutenants, for cording to the rules, orders, and directions herein after provided, choosing the and shall certify to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, the<*s

names and ranks of such officers, within one month after they tocerdfied shall be so appointed $ and in case his Majesty, his heirs, or fuc- to his Majesty ceflors, shall, within one month after such certificate laid before within a his Majesty, his heirs, pr successors, signify his or their difap-probation of any person to be such officer in the militia, his bUdif. Majesty's lieutenant shall not grant a commission to such person, approbation*but shall grant commissions to such persons so appointed, who ofanyofthero, shall not be disapproved of by his Majesty, his heirs, or foccef- no commission bn, MaforelW. "

*13 Ui Aud

j02 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

The lord lieu-

II. And be it enacted, That when the lieutenant of a county, tenant being riding, or place, shall be absent out of the kingdom of Great

Great Britain rltalt ^a^ and maY for h*s Majesty, his heirs,

the King may and fyccefiors, to authorize and appoint three deputy lieutenants authorize the to grant commissions to officers serving or to serve in the militia deputy lieute- for such county, riding, or place, upon any vacancy that shall v icant comUP haPPen during the absence of the said lieutenants; which commissions. " missions shall be good and valid in like manner as if they had been granted by the lieutenant himself.

Commissions

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein °l lieutenancy, contained, shall be construed to vacate any commission of lieu-an§lotahe^nS, tenancY ^ready granted by his Majesty, nor any deputations commissions granted to deputy lieutenants, nor any commissions granted to already grant- officers; but that the same shall continue in full force and vied, to frand gour, for the purposes of this act, so as the said deputy lieute-5^nants and officers be qualified as is herein after directed.

qualified. Uy

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no deputation reputation of any deputy lieutenant, nor any commission of any officer in deputy lieute- the militia, already granted or to be granted by any lieutenant nants, and of- for any county, riding, or place respectively, shall be vacated by fleers com-^t reason of the revocation, expiration, or discontinuance, of the Seated by the commission by which such respective lieutenants were or shall revocation, be appointed.

&cc. of the V. And be it enacted, That his Majesty's lieutenant of every commission of county, riding, or place, shall have the chief command of the leutenancy. thereof which shall be faised by virtue of this act: and

nant toThaven evcrY county, riding, or place, in England (except as is the chief herein after excepted) there shall be appointed twenty or more command of deputy lieutenants, if so many persons qualified as is herein be-the militia of fore and after expressed, can be therein found; and if twenty t e county, p^so^ so qualified cannot be therein found, then there shall be monTcTeputv appointed so many persons as can be therein found: and each lieutenants to person so to be appointed a deputy lieutenant or colonel, shall be appointed be seised or possessed, either in law or equity, for his own use for every and benefit, in possession of a freehold, copyhold, or customary manycm£ estate for life, or for some greater estate, or of an estate for some found quali- long term of years, determinable on one or more life or lives, fled. in manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in

Qualification England, If'ales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the of a deputy yearly value of four hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent lieutenant of some person wh0 shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed 400l. per Ann. of a d^e as aforesaid, of the yearly value of eight hundred of a lieutenant Pounc^s: and each person so to be appointed a lieutenant colonel, colonel and or major, shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like

major, estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds; 3ool.per Ann. or shall be heir apparent ot some person who shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate as afore-of a captain }'earty value of six hundred pounds: and

aool.perAnn. each person so to be appointed a captain, shall be, in like.manner, seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the

yearly value of two hundred pounds; or shall be heir apparent of same person who shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed

of

r7^J-l Anno secundo Georgii III. 103

a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of (bur hun-red pounds; or shall be a younger son of some person who iall be* or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of lieutenant,

: hundred pounds: and that each person so to be appointed a Iool> P*rAmw utenant shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like and ensign, [late as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds;oi* P?r Ann. r shall be son of some person who shall be, or, at the time of rtccftates re-pis death, was, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate nuifite to their as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds: and several qualifi-each person so to be appointed an eniign, shall be, in like man- cations, except Her, seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly fubahern offi-value of twenty pounds; or shall be son of some person who cers> to be shall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised within the or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of C(Junty for fifty pounds: one moiety of which said estates, required as qua- they iifications for each deputy lieutenant, colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, and captain respectively, shall be situate or arising

within such respective county or riding in which he shall be ap- What shall be

I _ r___JO r deemed equal

pointed to fen e.^estate of

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That for the pur- iool.perAnn. poses of the respective qualifications required by this act, the and so in pro-immediate reversion or remainder of and in manors, messuages, potion, re-hnds, tenements, or hereditaments, which are leased for one, ^ualification. two, or three life or lives, or for any term of years determinable q

upon the death of one, two, or three life or Jives, on reserved Aleafehold rents, and which are to the lefiee or leflecs of the clear yearly e^atc origi-vahie of three hundred pounds, shall be deemed equal to an "0^0 estate herein before described as a qualification of the yearly value eqU^\ in an- of one hundred pounds, and so in proportion, be the said qua- nual value to lification of a greater or less degree. what is n-

VII. And be it enacted, That a person possessed either in law

or equity, for his own use and benefit, in possession of an estate a deputy1 for a certain term originally granted for twenty years, or more, lieutenant of an annual value, over and above all rents and charges payable commis-out of or in respect of the same, equal to the annual value deemed^luf such an estate as is required for the qualification of a deputy ficient qUau^ lieutenant, and commission officer of the militia respectively, fcation. and situate as aforesaid; shall be, and is hereby deemed and de-.dared to be, duly and sufficiently qualified to ad and serve under dcpu^fcite-such respective commission. nants tbr the"

VIII. And be it enacted, That in the several counties of counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, Westmoreland, and Rutland, Cumberland, and of every county and place in the dominion of Wales respectively, there shall be five or more deputy lieutenants appointed Westmore-

(if so many persons qualified as herein after expressed can be land, Rutland, therein found) and the estates requisite for the qualification 6f; '.nri principa-the respective deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia ^SaUficaSo " therein, shall be as follows; that is to say, a deputy lieutenactedeputy11 or colonel shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like lieutenant or estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds; colonel for or shall be heir apparent of a person who shall be, in like man- th°k

- 4 rnnnip ner

T

H

104 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

ngr, seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly of a lieutenant value of five hundred pounds: a lieutenant colonel, or major, colonel, shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate apo f perann. aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; or shall be heir apparent of a person who shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of captain, four hundred pounds: a captain shall be, in like manner, seised 1501.perann. pj- possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of pne hundred and fifty pounds; or shall be son of a person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised pr ppftefied of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of lieutenant, fhree hundred pounds: a lieutenant shall be, in like manner, 7° 1- ann* seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly vglue and ensign, of seventy pounds; or shall be son of a person who shall be, or, aol. per um. at the time of his death, was, in like manner, seised or possessed A moiety of Of a [ifce estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred qulfite tcTthelr Pounds: m ensign shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed several quali- of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of twenty pounds; fications, ex- or shall be son of a person who shall be, or, at the time of his cept for lieu- death, was, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate as ensign* tobe aforesaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds: one half of all

within the which respective estates, except those for the qualifications of

county for lieutenants and ensigns, shall be situate or arising within such

which they respective county or riding, in which such officers shall be re-

serve* fpcaiydy appointed to serve.

In thofecoun-

IX. Provided always, That in such counties where twenty ties where - persons qapnot be found qualified as aforesaid, and willing to0 deputy act as deputy lieutenants, it may and shall be lawful for his Ma-

Heutcnants jesty's lieutenant of any such county, and he is hereby required,

found* dul a^ter havinS appointe^0 many persons as can be found qualified

qualified^ and as aforesaid, to appoint such number of persons to be deputy willing to act, lieutenants as shall be requisite to make up the number twenty, so many who shall respectively be seised or possessed of a like estate of the with a qualifi- yearly value of two hundred pounds, and situate as aforesaid: aoohpcrann. provided that the persons so appointed shall not make the y be ap-'whole number of deputy lieutenants for the said county to ex-pointed, as ceed the number of twenty; and every such person shall be, and will make up hereby deemed and declared to be, duly and sufficiently qua-The whole hfiedt0 a<^ serve under such respective commission. number for X. And be it enacted, That the estates requisite for the qua-such county lification of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia in hot to exceed the isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge, shall be as follows;°*.a deputy lieutenant shall be seised or possessed of a like estate

STdeputy00 aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; or shall lieutenants fa heir apparent of some person who shall be, in like manner,

and officers seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value

for the isle of four hundred pounds: a captain shall be, in like manner,

of adeputV seised or P^fed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value

lieutenant/ of one hundred pounds; or shall be heir apparent of a person £001* perann. who shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate of a captain, as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; or (fall 1001. perann. be a younger son of some person who shall be, or, at the time of his

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. iO£

his death, was, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds: a lieutenant shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like lieutenant* estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds; or shall 5° J* P*r be son of some person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, l.Cpa*gann. was, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate as afore- a moiety of* hid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds: an ensign shall the estates re-be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid,°.of the yearly value of twenty pounds; or shall be son of some qua^cations, person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was, in like except for manner, seised and possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the lieutenants yearly value of fifty pounds: one half of all which estates, ex-"^"*5* cept those for the qualifications of lieutenants and ensigns, shall jflj of Ely or be situate or arising within the said isle* of Ely, or some other com. Cam-part of the county of Cambridge. bridge.

XI. And be it enacted, That in all cities or towns which are Five or more counties within themselves, and have heretofore been impower- deputy lieu-ed, by law or antient use, to raise and train a separate militia ^enaij"* within their several precincts and liberties, and which are by this for such cities a# united with, and made part of, any county or counties for and towns as the purposes of this act only; his Majesty's lieutenants of such are counties cities or towns, or, where there is no lieutenant appointed by.his Majesty, the chief magistrate of such city or town, shall1 mcvcs* appoint five or more deputy lieutenants (if lo many persons and officerg qualified as is herein after expressed can therein be found) and proportiona-(nall also appoint officers of the militia, whose number and rank ble to the shall be proportionable to the number of militia men which such quota of mesu city or town shall raise, as their quota, towards the militia of the ^pow^fiont county to which such city or town is, by this act, united for in the purposes aforesaid; the qualification of which officers re- spe&ingcoun-spectively shall be as is herein after-mentioned; and all powers ties at large, given, and provisions made, by this act, with respect to counties pended to at large, and the militia thereof, and the registering the qualifi-^townsT* cations of deputy lieutenants and officers, shall take place and except, that be in force with respect to the said cities and towns, and the after the militia thereof, and the registering the said qualifications, except number of only as to the particulars herein expressed and otherwise provided for; that is to say, after the number of persons which such city appointed, or town is to furnish to the militia shall have been appointed, as two deputy is herein after directed, by his Majesty's lieutenant and the de- lieutenants

C lieutenants, or by the deputy lieutenants of the county at

of the militia whereof the militia of such city or town is, conferred by by this act, made a part; any two or more of the deputy lieu- the act on tenants, within such city or town, shall have and exercise all the deputy powers conferred by this act on any three deputy lieutenants, or £^tcnantSf any two deputy lieutenants together with any one justice of the The qualifi-peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together with any two justices cation for of the peace of any county at large: and the value of the re-bch c, tics spedlive qualifications of the deputy lieutenants and officers of P, d towns» the militia of fu^h cities or towns, shall be as follows; every Of*deputy deputy lieutenant apd field officer shall rpfpedlively be seised or lieutenant,

possessed

io6 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

and field possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly valu^ of thi

officer, hundred pounds; or shall be possessfed of a personal estate alon

of i ca^afnT* or &&& or possessed of real and personal estate together, to t. 1501. per ann. amount or value of five thousand pounds: and the qualificatic lieutenant or of a captain shall be a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly vali ensign, cf one hundred and fifty pounds, in manors, messuages, /and A moiety of tenements, or hereditaments, or personal estate alone, or seise the eifates re- or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amour tjuiiite to their or value of two thousand five hundred pounds: and the quali several qualifi- fication of a lieutenant or enfigtl shall be a like estate as aforesaid fbr1 ?ieute-CCi>the ycarty value of fifty pounds, in manors, messuages, lands

nants and en- tenements, or hereditaments, or personal estate alone, to the iigns, to be amount or value of seven hundred and fifty pounds: one half ol withm the ass which real estates respectively (except those for the qualifier county at*tiens lieutenants and ensigns) shall be situate or arising within large to which such city or town, or within the county at large to which such they are unit- city or town is, by this act, united for the purposes aforesaid;41 ?nd the and his Majesty's lieutenants and the chief magistrates of such to join that of CIt*es or towns, being counties in themselves, respectively, shall, the county, and they are hereby required to put the powers conferred by and tobeexer- this act, for raising and training the militia within such cities or cifed together towns, into execution; but the militia of such cities and towns The general as aforesaid being, by this act, declared to be part of the militia exercise; of the counties to which such cities and towns are uni ted for the and when purposes aforesaid, the militia of such cities or towns shall join drawn out and the militia of the county to which such cities or towns arefo be*deemedt0 unite<l for the purposes aforesaid; and the whole militia so part thereof, joined together, shall be exercisea together at the general exer-officers may and ^a^ then, and also when drawn out and embodied,

be promoted be deemed the militia of the county to which such cities or for their mili- towns are united for the purposes aforesaid. tune*of actual And lt ena<^e<a> That when any regiment or battalion

invasion, or* of militia shall be drawn out and embodied, his Majesty's lieu-rebellion, tenant of the county, riding, or place, for which such regiment though they or battalion shall lerve, may, upon account of military merit wan.La P,; oPer shewn in time of actual invasion or actual rebellion, promote 2ut none tobe any °fficer therein from a lower to a higher commission, inclu-promoted five of that of lieutenant colonel, notwithstanding he Should not higher than a have the qualifications requisite for his first admittance into such wanTa*Z^Y ran*c m fuc*h regiment or battalion: provided that no

ficaUon^for Persons not having the qualification herein before directed for that rank. captain, shall be promoted to an higher rank than that of Recited quali* captain.

fications not

XIII. And be it enacted, That the qualifications above re-to CXttfrd to c*te<^to ena^e any Person to be a deputy lieutenant, lieutenant granted by the co^oneU major, captain, lieutenant, or ensign, shall not extend constable of to such commissions as shall be granted by his Majesty's constable the tower, or of the tower, or lieutenant of the tower hamlets, lieutenant of

XIV. And be it enacted, That his Majesty, his heirs, and ham^sT successors, shall, from time to time, as he and they shall think Deputy l'ieute-^his^pleafiw to his and their lieutenants of

Hants and officers may

Anna secundo Georgii III. 107

\ny county, riding, or place, to displace all or any such deimty be displaced ku tenants and officers; and thereupon his Majesty's respective aL!^e jcutcnants shall appoint others within the same county, riding, and others to jr place, under the like qualifications, to serve in their (lead. be appointed

XV. And be it enacted, That no deputy lieutenant or com- in their room, hitflon officer in the militia shall act as fuen, until he shall have Qualifications eft with the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or place, to be % ned. n and for which he shall be so appointed, his qualification in the clerk^f*mating, signed by himself; and such clerk of the peace is hereby the peace to tquired to enter the same upon a roll to be kept for that pur- be inrolled, pole: and every deputy lieutenant and commission officer not before they oaring already taken and subscribed the oaths, and made, re- P^.ume to reated, and subscribed, the declaration, as required by the said ^d they are tenner a*5ls relating to the militia, shall, at some general quarter to take the sessions, or in one of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, oa!h8 ap-within six months after he shall have accepted his commission, i

take the oaths in and by an act passed in the lirft year of the a 1 reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled An act for the further security of his Majesty's person and government, and the fuaeftJUn of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, being prstejlants^ and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and secret abettors, appointed to be taken, and make and shall also make, repeat, and subscribe, the declaration in the said ^bfcnbc^lic act directed to be made, repeated, and subscribed, by all officers therein ap-civil and military. pointed.

XVI. And be it enacted, That if any person shall execute Deputy lieu -any of the powers hereby conferred on deputy lieutenants, co- tenants and lonels, lieutenant colonels, or majors (not being qualified as J^ers ^a&in* aforesaid) or shall not deliver in such qualification, and take the not * oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe, the declaration afore- qualified^ or laid, as is herein before required, every such person shall forfeit pot comply-and pay the sum of two hundred pounds: and if any person

shall execute any of the powers hereby conferred on captains, fat?onsnorfcit lieutenants, or ensigns (not being qualified as aforesaid) and tool.

shall not deliver in such qualification, and take, the oaths, and and captain* make, repeat, and subscribe, the declaration aforesaid, as is and fubalttrns herein before required, every such person shall forfeit and pay rccovrr. the sum of one hundred pounds: such several penalties to be ed in any vt recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any the courts at of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; wherein no Westminster*essoin, wager of law, or protection, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; one moiety whereof shall go to the use one m°, ety of the person who shall sue for the same, and the other moiety to the uses herein after directed. cutor. P

XVII. And be it enacted, That in every action, suit, or in- prooy Gfqua-formation, brought against any person for acting as a deputy location m lieutenant, colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, captain, lieute- all liiits to nant, or ensign, not being qualified as herein before is directed,

the proof of his qualification shall lie upon the person against G, u# whom the same is brought.

108 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

Peers, and

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in heirs apparent th}s act contained shall extend, or be confirued to extend, to re-be araoSm^ Arain his Majesty's lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, deputylieute- from appointing any peer of this realm, or heir apparent of any nants or com- such peer, to be a deputy lieutenant, or commission officer in million officers tjje rnilitia, within the county, riding, or place, wherein such where they peer, or heir apparent of such peer, shall respectively have same side; andtbeir place of residence; or to oblige any peer of this realm, or heir qualification apparent of such peer (so appointed a deputy lieutenant or commission officer respectively; to leave with the clerk of the peace the clerk JJf ^or the county, riding, or place, for which he shall be appointed, the peace; any qualification in writing as aforesaid 5 but it shall be lawful but on talcing for every peer of this realm, or heir apparent of such peer, fb oaths, &c. appointed, and taking the oaths, and making, repeating, and witlx^beinK subscribing, the declaration aforesaid, to act as a deputy lieute-otherwise B nant or commission officer respectively, although he shall not qualified. be Ceiled or possessed of any such estate, in manors, messuages. Acceptance of 1*!$, tenements, or hereaitaments, as is required by this act. a

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the acceptance

does not va- of a commission in the militia shall not vacate the feat of any cate a feat in member returned to serve in parliament,

parliament.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Where the That in every county where the militia shall not be raised, the "!*jtja j» "ot lord lieutenant of such county shall, within one month before the iieureiiMt U 8eneral quarter feffiops to be held at and within one

to advertise fnonth before the general quarter sessions to be held next after the want of Afidjiunmet, In every year, cause advertisements to be published officers, a; n the London Gazottt, and the news paper of such county, fig-the quarter nifying the want of officers; and all persons qualified to serve feflnms at»officers, and willing so to do, shall at any time return their Christmas, names and intention to the lord lieutenant, or, in his absence, and Midfum- to any general quarter sessions for the county in which they

s;, K' w*'»

persons qualified) and willing to serve, are thereupon to return their names, &c»

Where the

XXI. And whereas in several counties and places the militia militia has have not been raised in such manner as was authorized by an not been raised a# made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty 5KS5 King George the Second, and several subsequent acts, relative tQ 30 Geo. II. and the raising of the militia forces, by reason that a sufficient num-other subse- ber of persons, qualified to act as officers in the militia, did not quest acts re- tender themselves to accept commissions in that service\ be it mor fhafuot t^icrefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all coun-be raised in ties and places where the militia nave not been raised by virtue pursuance of and in pursuance of the said former acts, and where it shall not this act, 51. be raised by virtue and in pursuance of this a&5 the sum of five nualTv^s to* pounds shall be annually paid for and in lieu of every private be paid by militia man herein mentioned to fie raised within the same 3 every such and that his Majesty's lieutenant of every such county and county, See. place respectively, 'or any three or more deputy lieutenants, at the expiration of every year in which the militia for such county and place shall not have been raised from and atfte* &e passinj*

ty€i.] Aluio feciindd Georgii III. 109

of this act* shall from year to year, certify the same in writing and certifi-under his or their hands, and alfd the whole amount of the several sums of five pounds per man to be raised on such county f^s°there-as aforesaid, to the justices of the peace at their general or quar- upon due, are ter sessions next held after the full end and accomplishment of to be returned the said year for such respective county or place 5 and the justices the of the peace, so assembled at such general or quarter sessions, to where fuph certificate shall be produced, shall forthwith rate and font; ^assess on the said county the sum and sums mentioned in such and the justices certificate: and such sum and sums shall be rated and assessed in* forthwith such and the same manner, and according to such and the same proportions, upon every town, parish, and place within the said f0 certified, in county, and be collected, received, levied, and paid, and be ac- like manner counted for by the persons making such collections, in such u county manner, and by such means, with such powers of distress, and ratis* other remedies for enforcing the collection and payment thereof, and for punishing all persons whole duty it shall be to collect or account for the lame, and shall make default therein, as the county rates have been usually, or may, by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of nis late Majesty, intituled An all by act ttG.IL for the mere easy qffijjtngy tolletting, and levying of county rates, or may be rated by any other act or acts of parliament, be afiefled, collected, assessed* received, levied, paid, and accounted for, within the said county: ^the trcJU and such rates or assessments, when received, shall be from time surer of the to time paid by the treasurer or treasurers of such counties to the county is to receivers general thereof; and the receipt of such receiver ge- PaX overf5he neral shall be a full and sufficient discharge to such treasurer or receiver ge-treasurers for the payment of such monies. neraL

XXII. Provided always, That the rates or assessments which The said rate shall be made by such justices of the peace at the said general or to be made, quarter sessions in pursuance of this act, shall be made, afiefled, cv.*/5?d collected, received, levied, and paid, separately and distinctly PJ?* m^l * from all the other county rates afiefled and raised upon and with- Jther county in the said county; any thing in the said act made in the twelfth rates.

year of his late Majesty's reign, or any other act or acts of parliament, or any custom or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. After notice That the several and respective parochial officers, or other per- f J^ount <xf fons, who shall pay or be liable to pay the rates or assessments, ^rate8f which shall be made and rated for the purpose of this act, upon parochial' of-any parish, town, and place; and also all such parochial officers fleers, &c. are and persons, upon whom any such rate or assessment shall be J0* levied; shall and may, from time to time, after notice shall be byCadi-given of the amount of the rate or assessment, upon such town, ftintt rate parish, or pfece, either before the payment thereof by such pa- and assessment rochial officers or persons, or after the same shall have been ac- JJlgPthe rcf' tually paid by, or levied upon, such officers or persons, rate ^i^hest, 0^u^, and levy such monies, by a separate and distinct rate and assess- places;ment, upon every such respective town, parish, or place, in such

manner and proportion, and with such powers for recovery thereof, as any other county rate may be assessed or levied: and

that

no Anno secundo Georgii III. [ 17G

arid tenants that every tenant or occupier of any house, land, tythe, tex*< ?.: ii occupiers ment, or hereditament, who shall pay any rate or a&fiment t r me^are to^mac^cn pursuance of this act by such respective parochial ol allowed fleers or persons, within any such town, parish, or place, or up

what they on whom any such rate or assessment shall be levied, shall an

r^iil so pay in may dcdud the same out of his or her relit, and shall be acqu 11 their relit. tC{j and discharged for so much money as such rates or afleil

ments shall, from time to time, amount unto, as fully and e/-fedually as if such money had been actually paid to the person or persons to whom such relit is or shall be payable; anc such person or persons is and are hereby required to allow, firorr time to time, such dedudions, upon receipt of the residue of the J relit.

Agreement

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing herein before contain-iictween land- ed, shall vacate any covenant or agreement contained in anjr rant not va-ease ^etween landlord and tenant, where the estate leased is not cited, where kt at rack relit; and that no landlord of any estate which shall: u estate lea- not be let at rack relit, shall be obliged or compelJaWe to aHow ia\ is not let to any tenant any money which he or she shall pay towards any ^idbndfeld county rate> which shall be made in pursuance of this act, but r> allow onlyn proportion only to the relit such landlord shall receive from 1.1 proportion his tenant.

to the relit he

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases receives. where a certain number of private militia men aredireded to be Where the raised for any county, together with any city or town being a militia for county of itself, and the militia has not been, or shall not be, any county, raised, for such county, and city or town, the payment of the aif°citr or ^um ^ve Poun<*s Per man> upon the whole number of

tavii"being a- private militia men so directed to be raised as aforesaid, shall be comity of it- divided and apportioned between such county, and such city or kli, is not town being a county of itself, in such proportion as the respective

sum of \llC Paid to land tax by the said county, and by the said

per*man*is to city and town being a county of itself, bear to each other; unless be apportion- an apportionment of the said number of private militia men shall ed between actually have been made in pursuance of the lift directed to be rilCm, rtioni' as rctumc^ by the said former acts, or by this present act, in which tSr^respect case the said sum of five pounds per man shall be borne by such live Quotas to county, and by such city or town being a county of itself, in such the land tax proportion as the respective numbers of men (o apportioned to ©the/-0 eaCl* ra^cc* by such county, and by such city or town, bear to but if an ap- each other.

portionment of the men shall have been made, the said fern is to be borne them in such proportion as the numbers of men to be raised by them reipsc-tively bear to each other.

Receiver ge-

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, over the said That receiver general of the land tax for such respective county rates, counties or places, to whom such money shall be paid by the together with treasurer or treasurers of such counties as aforesaid, shall pay the she land tax, same, together with the monies arising from the land tax in such che uer di- county, into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westm-ninguishing ni/jer> ar*d distinguish upon every such payment the monies re- he monies ccived by virtue of this ad$ and the monies so paid into the receipt

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III.ii

cdpt of his Majesty's exchequer shall be kept separate and a- payable on part from all other monies, and shall be paid by the lord high !{jgS^e tobe treasurer, or by the commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer, or any three or more of them, for the time ly, and paid being, to the treasurers of such counties as have raised or shall over by the raise their militia, in proportion to the number of men raised or to be raised by each county respectively, to be by them made of such cou" part of the county (lock; and the lord high treasurer, or the ties as shall of for executing the office of lord high treasurer for have raised the time being, or any three or more of them, are hereby im-hclr powered and required to apportion and issue the said money so to thelrnura^ received accordingly; and no allowance or deduction shall be ber of men, made from or out of the said sums of money so paid into the to be made exchequer on any account whatsoever. dock.

No deduction to be made from the monies so paid into the exchequer.

XXVII. Provided nevertheless, That if the militia shall be 'Y}?e.re tJie raised in die manner appointed by virtue of this act, for all or ^untV&c?y any of the said counties or places, such respective counties and shall be raised places shall, during the time the militia are so raised, be exon- as this act dierated, freed, and discharged, from the payment of the said sums, rc^s* fu.ch and the assessments to be made in respect thereof shall, during ^onerated such time, be suspended; anything herein contained to the con-, from payment tiary notwithstanding. of the said

aXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the lieu- Aims, tenant of any county, riding, or place, to act as a colonel of any Ld. lieute-regiment or battalion of militia for such county, riding, or place, nant may act for and during such time or times as there shall not be any co- as colon.el to lonel appointed for the command of the same regiment or bat-^for which talion; but no lieutenant shall at any one time ad as a colonel to no colonel is more than one regiment or battallion. appointed,

XXIX. And be it enacted, That where his Majesty's lieute- but may not nant of any county, riding, or place, shall, under the powers S, anowat a given by this act, serve as colonel to any body of militia by this time;

ad deemed a battalion only, he shall not, when such battalion And shall be embodied and in actual service, be intituled to or re- command be oeive any other pay than that of a lieutenant colonel$ and that a battalion, no other person whatsoever shall serve or be intituled to pay as a he is to receive lieutenant colonel in such battalion, during the time that his Majesty's said lieutenant shall serve therein as colonel. and no other

XXX. And be it enacted, That his Majesty's lieutenant person is to together with any three deputy lieutenants of any county, riding, serve, or bein-or place, and on the death or removal, or in the absence of his Majesty's lieutenant, any five deputy lieutenants, (hill, at the nc\9 wmc aid of every four years, at their annual meeting in case the mi- serves as colo- litia of such county, riding, or place, shall not be then embodied, nel. discharge (bme one field officer of each regiment or battalion, and At the end of such a number of officers of each inferior rank as shall be equal one^eidofficer to the number of persons who shall have given notice in writ- of each regi-ing to his Majesty's lieutenant one month at lead before such ment, &c. and meeting, that they are willing to serve as field officers, captains, a number of lieutenants, or ensigns, as the case may require.

XXXI. Pro- equal to the'

number of perfoas who shall have been returned as willing to serve^are^o be discharged.

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

in each rank Officer who has served years, may offer to serve in a higher rank, if qualified.

An adjutant may be ap

112

The number

XXXI. Provided, That the number of vacancies to be made of such vacan- fl^ll not exceed one third of such officers, who shall have fer-ceedone third vc^ forhc ^Pace four years in each rank respectively.

XXXII. Provided, That nothing herein contained Hull prevent any officer who has served four years, from offering himself to serve in an higher rank, if he be qualified as this act requires to serve in such higher rank.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, may and shall appoint one proper person who shall have served, or shall, at the time of such appointment, actually serve in some of his Majesty's other forces, or in any corps of militia that has been drawn out and embodied, to be an adju-

pointed by the tant to each regiment, battalion, or independent company of wgimentCaCh mi^a)n each county, riding, or place respectively; and such &c. out of his adjutant, if appointed out of his Majesty's other forces, shall, Majesty's during his service in the said militia, preserve his rank in the ar-

<*ker my, in the same manner as if he had continued in that service:

militia* anc*lt may^for lu* Majesty's lieutenant of any

and if appoint- county, riding, or place, to grant unto th adjutant to each edoutofhis regiment, battalion, or independent company, a commission of Majesty's o- lieutenant, or any inferior commission therein, although such heis^tokeep a4jutanthall not ^avc an c^atc to qualify him for such com-his rank P mission as is required by this act. therein, and may hold a fubaltem commission without a qualification.

Militia officer

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That no person, during the tirao exempted he is acting as a militia officer, shall be obliged to serve the office of sheriff.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That any person who has quitted, or shall quit, his half-pay, to serve as a commissioned officer in any regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, shall, upon his quitting the said regiment, battalion, or independ-militia, upon ent company of militia, or upon the unembodying thereof, be quitting the rest0red to his half-pay; such half-pay to recommence from the irnbJK are'Iaft quarter-day, or day of payment next preceding, to be restored to half-pay again.

Serjeants may

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That his Majesty, his heirs, beappointed and successors, may and shall appoint, according to the propor-by the King tien of one serjeant to twenty private men, two or more pro-out of his^persons to be serjeants to every company in the said militia, other1forces out anc* ^rom lus Majesty's other forces; such persons having or embodied served in the said forces for the space of one year next preceding militia, in the their appointment to be serjeants; or may appoint such other proportion of persons to be serjeants, as have formerly served for the space of pri^t^men*0 onc Majesty's said forces; or out of or from any corps

a or more toe- of militia that has been drawn out and embodied; which fer-very company, jeants so appointed shall take the following oath; that is to say.

Oath to be talc- T A.B. do /merely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and cn by serjeants. X bear true allegiance to his Maje/y King George, his beirs9 and JucceJf'ors: and I do swear that lama protefanty and that I will faithfully serve as a serjeant in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the fame7 until I shall be legally discharged.

6 And

from serving as sheriff.

Officers quitting their ban-pay to fenre in the

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 113

tnd the service in the militia of such persons so appointed out of Serjeants aj>-is Majesty's said other forces, shall intitle them to the benefit of 'bdfm hospital^ in the same manner as if they had continued to forces, irve in the said forces; and every person appointed to be a fer- are intituled to Sant out of the penfuoners on the establishment of Chelsea bofpt- Chelsea hospi-dy shall be intituled to be, and shall be, put again upon the said tal*r [bblishment, after he shall be discharged from the service of cf said

Lmilitia; provided he brings a certificate of his good beha- hospital, made r, under the hand of the colonel, or commanding officer of serjeants, art be regiment or battalion in which he shall have served: and his to.1* re-ad-Kajesty's lieutenant shall, from time to time, as occasion shall gccrtf°- cquke^ appoint a clerk to each regiment or battalion; and the ficates of good Blond or the regiment or battalion, or, where there is no co- behaviour, kind, the lieutenant colonel, or where there is no colonel or lieutenant lieutenant colonel, the major, shall appoint a serjeant major out rc^me^tal* of the serjeants, and a drum major out of the drummers. clerk,

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That no person who shall keep and thecolo-any bode of public entertainment, or who shall fell any ale* J?CV.*C*a w ine, brandy, or other spirituous liquors by retail, shall be Capa- j^and"1*" ble of being appointed or continuing a serjeant in the militia. drum major,

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the captain of every com- to each regi-pany of militia may and shall appoint two persons to b£ drum- ment* mers or fifers to his company* who* when so appointed, and Alehouse-baying received any pay as such, shall be deemed to be engaged, and shall be compellable to serve in the same regiment or batta- being fer-001 boo, until legally discharged; and may and shall appoint cor- jeants. ponds out of the private men of his company, in the proportion Captain may of one corporal to twenty private men; and may displace such appoint % drummers, fifers, and corporals respectively, for misbehvaiour, drummers or and appoint others in their room, from time to time, as he shall ^Spamyi fee occasion; and may and shall appoint, (with the approba- anj, Corpo-tien of the colonel, or, where there is no colonel, the lieutenant ral to »o men; colonel, or, where there is no colonel or lieutenant colonel, the a"d may dif-the major off the regiment or battalion) serjeants out of the private men of the regiment or battalion, to fill up such vacancies ^e may of serjeants as may happen therein; which serjeants so appointed, with leave o!r shall take the like oath as is herein before required to be taken the colonel, fill by serjeants appointed by his Majesty (which oath any one de- ^f^eanti" puty lieutenant, or in case the regiment or battalion then hap- °ut^ pening to be embodied Should bfe in any other county, riding, or ranks, place, any one justice of the peace thereof, are hereby respect Such serjeants tively authorized to administer) and that it shall be lawful for the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, ^1 aPPom -being afield officer, upon the application of the captain, to dif- They may be place serjeants. displaced up-

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any person ?P?^u.oa who is or shall be appointed out of or from any company of his ° \ ecaP^am' Majesty's other forces, to be a serjeant in the militia, and shall f£2army be ter any misbehvaiour reduced into the ranks, and shall not in ing reduced one month's time after such reduction be restored, he shall he for mitbeha-returned to the company ftom which he was taken in his Ma- and not Vet. XXV. I restored v«A.

114

5n a month* are to be returned to the corps from whence they were taken, and serve in the ranks. Serjeantsmade from the militia may be reduced into

The inlisting of a serjeant, drummer, or fifer, into his Majesty's other forces, declared void.

Number of private men to be raised in each county*

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

jetty's other forces, and shall there serve as a private man; and any person who is or shall be appointed a serjeant in the militia, out of or from any company of militia, shall and may be reduced into the ranks for misbehvaiour, and shall serve in the ranks of such company wherein he served before such appointment, for such further time as shall compleat his three years service as a private militia man; and in case there be no vacancy in such company, he shall serve in any other company in the regiment or battalion.

the ranks for misbehaviour.

XL. And be it enacted, That if any serjeant, drummer, or fifer, shall inlist in any of his Majesty's other forces, such inlisting shall be, and is hereby declared to be, null and void.

XLI. And be it enacted, That the number of private men to be raised by virtue of this act, in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed (exclusive of the places herein after excepted) shall be,

For the county of Bedford, four hundred.

For the county of Berks, five hundred and sixty*

For the county of Buds, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Cambridge, four hundred and eighty.

For the county of Chester, with the city and county of the city of Chester, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Cornwallr, six hundred and forty.

For the county of Cumberland, three hundred and twenty.

For the county of Derby, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city of Exeter, one thousand six hundred.

For the county of Dorset, with the town and county of the town of Pool, six hundred and forty.

For the county of Durham, four hundred.

For the county of Essex, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Gloucester, with the city and county of the city of Gloucester, and the city and county of the city of Bristol, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Hereford, four hundred and eighty.

For the county of Hertford, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Huntingdon, three hundred and twenty.

For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city of Canterbury, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Lancaster, eight hundred.

For the county of Leicester, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the city of Lincoln, one thousand two hundred.

For the county of Middlesex, exclusive of the tower division, commonly called The Trwer Hamlets, one thousand six hundred.

For the county of Monmouth, two hundred and forty.

For the county of Norfolk, with the city and county of the city of Norwich, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Northampton, six hundred and forty.

For the county of Northumberland, with the towa gnu county

61.] Anno leCuudo Georgii III. j

the town of Newcajllt upon Tyne, and the town of Berwick,

: hundred and sixty.

For the county of Nottingham* with the town and county of \ town of Nottingham* four hundred and eighty.

For the county of Oxford* five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Rutland\ one hundred and twenty.

For the county of Salop* six hundred and forty. '

For the county of Somerset* eight hundred and forty.

For the county of Southampton* with the town and county of t town of Southampton* nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Stafford* with the city and county of the ty of Litchfield* five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Suffolk* nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Surry, eight hundred.

For the county of Sussex* eight hundred.

For the county of Warwick, with the city and county of the Sty of Coventry* six hundred and forty.

For the county of Westmoreland* two hundred and forty.

For the county of Worcester* with the city and county of the: ity of Worcester* five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Wilts* eight hundred.

For the West Riding of the county of York* with the city md county of the city of York* one thousand two hundred md forty:

For the North Riding of the said county, seven hundred and twenty:

And for the East Riding of the said county, with the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull* four hundred.

For the county of Anglesea, eighty.

For the county of Brecknock* one hundred and sixty.

For the county of Cardigan, one hundred and twenty.

For. the county of Carmarthen, with the county borough of Carmarthen* two hundred.

For the county of Carnarvon* eighty.

For the county of Denbigh* two hundred and eighty.

For the county of Flint* one hundred and twenty.

For the county of Glamorgan* three hundred and sixty.

For the county of Merioneth, eighty.

For the county of Montgomery* two hundred and forty.

For the county of Pembroke* with the town and county of the Where the town of Haverford West* one hundred and sixty. militia has not

For the county of Radnor* one hundred and twenty. ^cnerS meet-

XLII. And be it enacted, That in all counties, ridings, and fngistobehdd places, where the militia has not been raised, his Majesty's lieu- by the lord tenant for every such county, riding, and place, together with lieutenant and iny two or more deputy lieutenants, and, on the death or re-nth^or Me£ moval, or, in the absence of his Majesty's lieutenant, any three tenant's ab-or more deputy lieutenants, shall meet at fotne city or principal fence, by 3 de-town of the county, riding, or place, for which they shall be puties, on the cotnmifhoned, on the second Tuesday in May in every year; and ^avln Mav if there should happen to be no Yuch meeting on that day, then anne^aiy; y

J Z his and on failure

ui6

Anno secundo Georgii III.

ItySt.

of meeting, then a meet-is to be

ing i held by summons and advert! fement. At their first

his Majesty's laid lieutenant, or, on his death or removal, of in his absence, any three or more deputy lieutenants, shall sum-rtlon, or cause to be summoned, another meeting to be holden at the same city or principal town, on a day to be fixed by such summons; of which day and place notice shall be given in the

London Gazette* and also in any weekly paper usually circulated

riding, four-

ing, thefubdi- (if such wi*hi"* fam' or -.u-

vihons of the teen days at least before the holding of such meeting: and his

meetings therein, are to be settled} and also a second general meeting appointed. Orders to be

deputy lieuts. Majesty's said lieutenant, or, on his death or removal, or, in and the times his absence, any three or more deputy lieutenants, shall, at their their nxtt*or general meeting, appoint subdivisions of the deputy lieutenants within their respective counties, ridings, and places, and the times and places for their first meetings within the said subdivisions respectively; and the time and place for a second general meeting; and shall issue out their orders to the chief constable, and, where there is no chief constable, to same other officer of the several hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, within their respective counties, ridings, and theconlbbles P^aces> to require* by orders under their hands, the constable, toretum lifts* tythingman, headborough, or other officer of each parish, tyth-of all persons ing, or place, within their respective hundreds, rapes, laths, within their wapentakes, or other divisions, to return to the deputy lieute-riee^the*" nants within their respective subdivisions, at the place and on ages of 13 and day appointed at the said first general meeting, fair and true 4j years? lifts, in writing, of the names of Si the men usually, and, at distinguishing that time, dwelling within their respective parishes, tythings, their relpec- ancj piaces? between the ages of eighteen and forty five years, tive ran 8 9na distinguishing their respective ranks and occupations; and where the true names of such persons cannot be procured, the common appellation of such persons shall be sufficient; and which of the persons so returned labour under any infirmities, incapacitating them from serving as militia men; having first affixed a true copy of such lift on the door of the church or chapel belonging to such parish, tything, or place, and if any pface shall have no church or chapel belonging thereto, on the door of the church or chapel of some parish or place thereto adjoining, on with notice of some Sunday morning before they shall make such return, which the day and Sunday shall be three days at the least before the said meeting; place of meet- and a|so notice in writing, at the bottom of such lift, of the day

occupations,

Sec.

Copy of the lift to be affixed on the door of the church, on same Sunday, 3 days before the return is made.

fons^Mrieved an(* P*ace meet, ng» and that all persons who shall think

may then ap- themselves aggrieved, may then appeal, and that no appeal will

peal; alter be afterwards received: and on the day and at the place so re-which no ap- spectively appointed as aforesaid, for the returns of the lifts, the received. constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers respectConstables to ttvely, (hah attend and verify the said return upon oath; and attend the re- the said deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or a, jd ve- any two deputy lieutenants together with any one justice of the onotthfamt Pcacc* or "Y onc deputy lieutenant together with any two After the ap- juices of the peace, so assembled in their subdivisions, shall pealsareheard (after hearing any person who shall think himself aggrieved by and settled, having hk name inserted in such lifts, or by any others being

omitted)

>61 Anno secundo Georgii III. 117

lifted) dined such lifts to be amended as the case shall require, and persona £ also the names of all persons by this act respectively ex- c, xceR!Le* ^ted, to be (truck out of the said lifts, and shall appoint the out/the deputes and places for their second meetings within their respect ty lieutenants e subdivisions, and shall return to the iecond general meeting are to direct the lifts for the several parishes, tythings, and places, (o the be. oended: at which said second general meeting his Majesty's t^n

rutenant together with any two or more deputy lieutenants, times and id on the death or removal, or in the absence, of his Ma- places for fty's lieutenant, any three or more deputy lieutenants, shall^JJad*ub-itter copies to be made of all the said lifts, and such copies to fn^sand k> e returned to the deputy lieutenants at their second meetings turn the a-rithin their subdivisions, wherein the parishes, tythings, and mended lifts daces, for which such lifts are made and returned, are respect to the §e-Svely situate j and shall appoint what number of men in each atCwhichCcoP respective hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other division, shall pies of the lifts fer?e in the said militia, towards raising the number of militia are to be mads jnen by this act directed to be raised for such respective county, out» be rending, or place, in proportion to the whole number contained

in such lifts: and the said deputy lieutenants, or any three or tenants, more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants together with any at their ad one julbce of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together subdivision with any two justices of the peace, assembled at their said second sn5um.

meetings within the said subdivisions, shall appoint what num- fccr of men ber of men shall serve for each parish, tything, and place, or which shall parishes, tythings, and places, in proportion to the number ap- serve outo f pointed at the second general meeting to serve for each hundred, hundreds &c rape, lath, wapentake, or other division; and, if a proper num- ^to be then' bar of officers be then appointed, shall appoint another meeting appointed, to be held within three weeks in the same subdivision, and shall iiliie out an order to the chief constable, or other officer of the Deputy lieuti. respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, requiring them to give notice to the constable, tythingman, veerings0, are headborough, or other officer of each parish, tything, or place, to appoint the or parishes, tythings, or places, within their respective hundreds, number of rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, of the number of "ien^men so appointed to serve for such respective parish, tything, or place, or parishes, tythings, or places, and of the time and proportion to place of the next subdivision meeting; and the said deputy the number lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two deputy appointed for lieutenants together with any one justice of the peace, or any lun rc9one deputy lieutenant together with any two justices of the and if a propeace, assembled in pursuance of such appointment, shall cause per number of the number of men appointed to serve as aforesaid, except as °^cers be herein after excepted, to be chosen by lot o\it of the list or lists cd^another1^" returned for such parish, tything, or place, or parishes, tythings, meeting is to or places j and shall appoint another meeting to be held within beheld within three weeks in the same subdivision; and shall issue out an or- 3 weeks; and

i _ orders mued,

3 °cr for notice to

be pnn to the constables of the number of men appointed to serve, and of the time and place of the next subdivision meeting; at which the men are to be chosen by lot out of the lifts } and another meeting is to be appointed,

nS

Anno secundo GEORGII IIt. [r

and orders jflued for giving timely notice to the persons chof-en, then to appear; and the constables are to attend to a-vouch the notices;

and the men to take, the oath follow-

der to the chief constable, or other officers of the respe hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, to d the constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of parish, tything, or place, to give notice to every man so chofc serve in the militia, to appear at such meeting; which n< shall be given or left at his place of abode, at lead {even < before such meeting; and such constable, tythingman, hi borough, or other officer, shall attend such meeting, and it a return upon oath of the days when such notice was serv and every person so chosen by lot shall, upon such notice, pear at such meeting, and there take the following oath; I is to say.

I A.B. do sincerely promise and /wear, That I will be faithful JL bear true allegiance to his Majesty King George, his heirs, successors: and I do J'wear that lam a protestanty and that I: faithfully serve in the militia within the kingdom of Great Brita for the defence of the same, during the time for which I am inroll unless shall be sooner discharged.

roUedVor"* (Which oath any one deputy lieutenant is hereby authorized years, 3 administer) and shall be inrolled to serve in the militia of fui or provide fit respective county, riding, or place, as a private militia man, t fhbftitutes, the space of three years, in a roll to be then and there prepan thefdd oafh C that PurP°^e > or provide a fit person, to be appro* and sign their by the kid deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of then consent to or by any two deputy lieutenants together with any one justk serve for the of the peace, or by any one deputy lieutenant together wit Those who re- any two justices of the peace, then met, to serve as his substi fuse to attend tute* which substitute so provided'and approved, shall take th and be inroll- said oath, and sign on the said roll his consent to serve as hi ed, or to pro- substitute during the said term: and if any person so chosen b

tutes^not be*ot to ^erven (not being one of the people callet

ing q\, akers, Shakers) shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the said oath forfeit io I.*and serve in the militia, or to provide a substitute to be ap* and at the end proved as aforesaid, who shall take the said oath, and sign hi: ?fbl}T f arC con|rent to serve as his substitute, every such person so refufine again, o/pro- or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the lum of ten pounds, and vide a substi- at the expiration of three years be liable to serve again, or pro-tute. vide a substitute.

Specification

XLIII. And be it enacted, That no peer of this realm, nor of persons ex- any pCrfo: 1 who shall serve as a commission officer in any reei-fcT^ce^n the ment> trooP> or company, in his Majesty's other forces, or in xnifitiaby XC any one his Majesty's castles or forts; nor any non-com-themselves or million officer or private man serving in any of his Majesty's substitutes. other forces; nor any commission officer serving, or who has served, four years in the militia; nor any person being a member of either of the universities; nor any clergyman; nor any/icen/-ed teacher of any separate Congregation; nor any constable, or Other such peace officer; nor any articled clerk, apprennee, seaman, or feafarirrg man; nor any person mustered, trained, and doing duty, in any of his Majesty's docks, for the fenfire

thereof;

Anno secundo Georgii III.

119

thereof 5 nor any person being free of the company of watermen ff the river Thames; nor any poor man who has three children born in wedlock; shall be compelled to serve personally, or irovide a. substitute to serve in the militia.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That it may and shall be lawful The lifts for or any three or more deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy.or mOTC Pa-ieutenants together with any one justice of the peace, or any Poe deputy lieutenant together with any two justices of the deputy lieu-peace* within their respective subdivisions, to add together, tenants, and whensoever they shall think necessary, the lifts for two or more proceeded parishes, tythings, or places, and proceed upon such lifts, added together, in like manner as if they had been originally returned turned ior* " for one parish, tything, or place, so as to make the choice of one parish. militia men by lot, within such subdivision, as equal and impartial as possible.

XLV. And be it enacted, That if the churchwardens or Churchwar-overfers, or churchwarden or overseer, of any parish, tything, dens, &c.with or place, or of two or more parishes, tythings, or places, so co*jfent of the added together as aforesaid, shall, with the consent of the inha- p^de^nd bitants of the parish or parishes, township or townftiips, hamlet tender volun-or place, taken at a vestry, or at any other meeting for such pa- tiers; xxfhj township, hamlet, or place, to he holden for that purpose, provide and produce to the said deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or to any two deputy lieu tenants together with any one justice of the peace, or to any one deputy lieutenant together with any two justices of the peace, at their meetings within their respective subdivisions for choosing the militia

men

by lot, any voluntier or voluntiers, and such voluntier or volun- such of tiers shall be approved by the said deputy lieutenants and justices be^roved, so met as aforesaid, they, or such of them as shall be approved, flnirbe then shall be then and there sworn in and inrolled, and the said de- sworn in, and puty lieutenants and justices, within their respective subdivisions, 5

shall cause only such a number of persons to be chosen by lot ^fi^only out of the list or lists returned for such parish, tything, or place, shall be chosen or parishes, tythings, or places, as aforesaid, as shall be then out of the wanted to make up the whole number to serve for such parish, tything, or place, or parishes, tythings, or places, as aforesaid: to^ompleat and if such churchwarden or overseer, or churchwardens or the number overseers, shall give to such voluntier or voluntiers any sum or to serve for sums of money to serve in the militia for such parish, tything, such Pari* or place, or parishes, tythings, or places, it may and shall be lawful for such churchwarden or overseer, or churchwardens or Money paid overseers, to make a rate upon the inhabitants of such parish, to voluntiers tithing, or place, or parishes, tythings, or places, by the rate Jor ferring, to they now use in making the rates for the relief of the poor; the^hurclw which rate he ing approved by two justices of the peace, it may wardens by and shall he lawful for such churchwarden or overseer, or church- parochial wardens or overseers, to colletft such rate, and reimburse them- »'a*c J selves such sum and sums of money as they shall have paid with the consent of the inhabitants of such parish or paristies, townships or places, assembled as aforesaid, to such voluntier or

I 4 voluntiers

120

Overplus of the rate to he applied to the'poors rate. The said rate may be levied by distress and sale; but balloted persons who have serv-«d, or shall be serving, by themselves or by substitutes, ire exempted from paying thereto.

Persons aggrieved by such rates may appeal.

The churchwardens are to pay within a month to the ©ersons who shall be chosen by lot and in-rolied, or shall provide fit jiibftitutcSp (if the regiment be then embodied) such sum not exceeding 51, as shall be adjudged one half of the current price paid foravolurrtierj she money to be paid out of fhevoluntier rate, or a pate made for that purpose.

If the person chosen by lot and inrolled, shall be difap-proved of, and discharged within the month, the money shall not be paid to him, but to the next person phofen in his ficad; and the frme rule is to

1

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

voluntiers as aforesaid; and the overplus, if any, shall be a plied as part of the poors rate: and if any person shall rest to pay the fyni of money he shall be so rated, it may and (hi be lawful for any one justice of the peace, upon complah thereof made by such churchwarden or overseer, or churd wardens or overseers, by warrant under his hand and seal, levy the same by distress and sale of the offender's goods an chattels, rendering the overplus, if any, after the said rate, an the charges of such distress and sale, shall be paid; but no ball Joted person who shall have served himself, or by substitute three years, or who shall be then serving himself, or by fubdi-tute, in the militia, shall be liable to pay to such rates.

XLVI. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for any person who shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any fiicoj rate as aforesaid, to appeal to the next general quarter sessions, in like manner as is provided in the case of appeals against rates for the relief of the poor.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person shall be chosen by lot to serve in the militia for any parish, tything, or place, or parishes, tythings, or places, and such person shall be sworn and inrolled, or shall provide a fit person to serve as his substitute who shall be sworn and inrolled, the churchwarden or overseer, or churchwardens or overseers, of such parish, tything, or place, or parishes, tythings, or places, shall, within one month after the time of such swearing or inrolling of the man so chosen by lot, or of the substitute respectively, pay to every such person so chosen by lot, if the regiment or battalion in which he, or his substitute, shall serve, shall be then embodied, any such sum of money not exceeding five pounds, as three deputy lieutenants, or two deputy lieutenants apd one justice, or one deputy lieutenant and two justices, in whose presence such person shall be chosen by lot, shall adjudge to be, as near as may be, one half of the current price then paid for a voluntier in the county ov riding where such person shall be so chosen by lot; which laid sum of money shall be taken out of the rate to be made as aforesaid for providing and producing voluntiers; or, in case no vo-Juntiers shall be provided or produced by the churchwardens or overseers, or churchwarden or overseer, of any parish, tything, or place, or parishes, tythings, or places, then out of a rate to be jmde by the rule aforesaid.

XLVIII. Provided nevertheless, That if fuph man so chosen by lot, and serving for himself, shall within one month after his inrolment, be disapproved of and dischargedby the officer commanding the regiment or battalion, no such sum shall be to the person so chosen by lot, hut shall be paid, in manner abovesaid, to the next person chosen by lot in his stead; and if the substitute be shall have found be disapproved in manner abovesaid, then no such sum to be paid to the man so chosen by lot, in manner abovesaid, unless he shall serve himself, or shall find another substitute.

be observed in the case of substitute* 5 — 5

KLIX. Pro-

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 121

XLIX. Provided always, That no person so chosen by lot ?n<1 »° as aforesaid, shall be intituled to one half of the said current price head

of a voluntier, without the order of the persons aforesaid, but by an or-before whom the said person chosen by lot, expressed under der of thedep. their hands. lieutenants

the persons were chosen., before whom

L. And be it enacted, That if any servant hired by the year. Hired servant* or otherwise, shall serve in the militia, it shall and may be law- serving in the ful for one justice of the peace, upon complaint made to him ra, t.ia* uP°n on oath by such servant, to order so much of his wages, as shall aPjustice!°fllaU appear to such justice to be due to such servant, to be imme- recover the diately paid him by his master or employer, in proportion to wages then the service he has performed, under the contract or agreement y uS to them* made between them at the time such servant was hired; and ceedCthere?n°* the said justice shall proceed therein in the same manner as is as directed by directed by an a# passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his0 Geo. IL late Majesty, intituled An act for the better adjujiing and more easy recovery of the wages of certain servant s; and for the better regulation of such servants) and of certain apprentices.

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That from None but and after the passing this a#, it shall not be lawful for any churchwar-person or persons whatsoever (other than such churchwardens ^|^a over' and overseers as aforesaid, for the purposes aforesaid) to contract, make any pe-undertake, or agree with any person or persons, for any sum or cuniary con-sums of money, or any other consideration or reward, to indem- in\

nify or insure any person or persons liable to serve in the militia, against serving the rein, or in like manner to contract, undertake, from Irving or agree, to provide a substitute or substitutes for any person or in the tnilitia, persons who may be chosen by lot to serve in the militia, or to pay or to provide the penalty of ten pounds by this a# laid upon any person chosen "L th^ioi °ia by lot to serve in the militia, and who shall refuse or neglect to bcu thereof*appear, and take the oath, and serve in the militia, or to pro- on penalty of vide a substitute; and if any person shall offend herein, every forfeiting such person shall, for every such contract, undertaking, or o^e moiety agreement, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to thereof togo be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record, by action to the proie-of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, pro- cutor, and the te#ion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be 7o*°the allowed; one moiety of which penalty shall be applied to the parish, and the use of the prosecutor, and the other moiety to the use of the contract to be poor of the parish wherein the offence shall be committed; and void, every such contract, undertaking, or agreement, is hereby declared to be absolutely null and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

LII. Provided, That nothing herein before contained, shall extend to prevent any person who shall have been a#ually chosen by lot to serve in the militia, from procuring, by himself or others, a proper person to serve as his substitute.

LIII. Provided also, That nothing in this a# shall extend to prevent persons of the same parish, township, tything, or place, or of two or more parishes, fythings, or places, added, OX which may be added together, for the purposes of this a#,

from

The above clause not to prevent persons choten by lot from procuring i'ublii-tutes for themselves; nor persons of the same, or

122 Anno secundo Georgii III.

[176r.

neighbouring from entering into subscriptions amongst themselves, for pay-?uWcribing°mn5 jointly for any.substitute or substitutes who maybe provided towards pay- for any one or more of the subscribing persons, on whom the ing jointly for lot may fall.

substitutes, in the room of such of them as shall be chosen by lot.

Hired voluntier or substitute inlisting in the array, such infilling is declared, void, unless

of the parish, which is to be laid out by them in providing ano-

LIV. And be it enacted, That if any person fwomand inrolled to serve in the militia as voluntier or substitute, shall have received any sum of money from any person whatsoever for such service, and shall be inlisted to serve in his Majesty's other forces, such inlisting shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, null and void, until the said militia man, or murne^to* °cer with whom he shall inlist, shall have paid to the the over leers overseer or overseers of the parish or place, parishes or places, for which the said militia man served, the full sum he received for such his service; which sum shall be laid out by such over-feeror overseers, in or towards the providing another fit person to serve in the militia, for the space of three years, in the place therfuperson; of the militia man so inlisted into his Majesty's other forces: and it the sum and in case the money so received shall not be sufficient to pro-the n«?to be v^e anot^er Person to serve as aforesaid, such overseer or Tefmbursed C overseers shall be reimbursed such further sum of money as the additional he shall pay for providing such other fit person, in the lame expence by manner as is directed by this act upon the providing of volun-and^account*ers*anc*n ca^c moncY received shall exceed the sum for the surplus; expended in providing such fit person as aforesaid, the surplus and such hir- shall be accounted for by such overseer or overseers, as so much cd voluntier money in his or their hands for the purposes of providing vo-ff^UnfltUte luntiers for such parish or parishes, place or places: and in not^nforming c*fe ^ch m, htia man shall not, at the time of his inlisting, the officer of5 inform the officer with whom h$ inlists, that he is a militia man, and for what parish, tything, or place, or parishes, tythings, or places, he serves, and shall be thereof convicted upon oath, before any one justice of the peace, it may and shall be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to commit such militia man to the house of correction for anytime not exceeding three months.

LV. And be it enacted, That if any serjeant, drummer, or fifer, serving in the militia, shall, in any city, town, or fiferTbeating P^ace? ^eat UP for voluntiers to serve in the militia, the person upforvolun? who shall give such serjeant, drummer, or fifer, orders for so doing, shall upon proof of such beating up and such orders' given, upon oath, before any jpftice of the peace, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds; one moiety whereof shall be applied to the use of the person who shall make information thereof before any justice of the peace of such beating up for voluntiers, and the other moiety shall be applied as part of the stock belonging to the regiment or battalion to which such serjeant, drummer, or fifer shall belong: and if such serjeant, drummer, or fifer, shall refuse to declare, upon oath, before such justice, from whom he received such orders, it may and fe^nt^&c^not be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby required, by 1', 0 warrant

cprs, is to he committed to the house of correction not exceeding 3 uunths*

his being in the militia, is to be committed to the house of correction hot exceeding 3 months.

Serjeant, drummer, or

tiers for the militia, the person who gave the orders forfeits 20 1.

One moiety to the informer, and the Other to the regimental stock; and the fer-

l eclaring wh

av. such o: c

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. v*$

warrant under his hand and seal, to commit such fetjeant, drummer, or fifer, to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months.

LVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That no officer Whilethemi-or non-commission officer in the militia shall, during the time haai«out of the regiment, battalion, or independent company, in which he coun^y^no serves, shall be out of the county, riding, or place, to which person maybe they belong, engage any person to serve as a militia man in engaged to such regiment, battalion, or independent company, unless fcfve. dierein, such person so engaged shall be a native of the county to J^coumVto which the said regiment, battalion, or independent company which such belongs. regiment be-

LVII. And be it enacted, That in the several counties, ridings, lonSs-and places, where the militia has been or shall be raised, his A general Majesty's lieutenant of every such county, riding, and place, together with any two or more deputy lieutenants, and on the an(j deputies, death or removal, or in the absence, of his Majesty's lieute- to be held au-nant, any three or more deputy lieutenants, shall meet an-dually on the nually on the last Tuesday in May, or on the last Tuesday in YnMa^or October, as they shall think most convenient for the due exe- Qctg£r*cution of this aeft; and shall appoint the times and places forhali be judged holding four or more subdivision meetings of deputy lieutenants moftconve-and justices of the peace in every year j and shall cause new ni*jl*h5c ti lifts in the several parishes, tythings, and places, to be made ^Lesto and returned to the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace be then ap* at the first of the said subdivision meetings, in the same manner pointed for as lifts are herein before directed to be made and returned in bolding or counties, ridings, and places, where the militia has not been raised. ^o^meetin^" and for the returns of new lifts to the first of those meetings.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That if the lift of any parish, Where any tything, or place, shall be lost or destroyed, it may and shall Idtftiall be UA be lawful for any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy ^cp°ficU-lieutenants together with any onejustice of the peace, or any one tenants are to deputy lieutenant together with any two justices of the peace, order new in their subdivisions, to cause a new lift in such parish, tything, ones to be or place, to be made, and returned to them at their next sub- J^nedtothe' division meeting, in the same manner as the lift lost or destroyed next /ubdivf.1* was caused to be made and returned to them by direction of lion meeting, the general meeting of lieutenants and deputy lieutenants.

LiX. And be it en2<sted. That the said deputy lieutenants, Jieute-or any three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants to- nants are to gether with any onejustice of the peace, or any one deputy lieute- bold their sub-r nant together with any two justices of the peace, shall meet in their fhvision meet-several subdivisions at the times appointed at the general meet- to^thf^p-11 ings of his Majesty's lieutenant and deputy lieutenants: And poinrment nt if any private militia man shall shew just cause for his discharge, the general ^nd, being embodied, shall likewifoproduce a regular discharge from his commanding officer, the said deputy lieutenants, or man^ppear-any three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants ing the reat,

to- and shewing

cause for his discharge, and producing, if embodied, a from Id* commanding officer, ——

124

they are to

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

together with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy

k^gebjm, lieutenant together with any two justices of the peace, shall and vacanciegoc- ma)> at subdivision meetings, discharge such person from cafionedthere- serving in the militia; and in the (lead of the persons so dif-by, or other- charged, and also if there Should be any other vacancy by death.or otherwise, such deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of amended* the ^em, or any two deputy lieutenants together with any one Ms, justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together

by proceeding with any two justices of the peace, shall, after having amended to draw the the lifts in the same manner as the deputy lieutenants and unfefs the justices, in their subdivisions, are to amend the lifts in the number want* several counties where the militia has not been raised, cause a ed shall be like number of other persons to be chosen by lot out of the °pr- fuc^ Par*ies> tythings, or places, where such vacancies

and the per- ^aPPen» unlefe such number of persons shall be otherwise

ions l'o chosen provided as is by this act directed j which persons so chosen, or their sub- or their substitutes provided and approved as aforesaid, shall stitutes are to take the oath required by this act to be taken: and every person*or so chosen shall be inrolled, and every substitute so provided

3 years. shall subscribe his consent to serve, and shall serve in the said militia for the space of three years, subject to the directions, provisions, and penalties in this act contained.

LX. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful for any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants together with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together with any two justices of the peace, upon any vacancy or vacancies in the militia, by death or otherwise, to appoint a subdivision meeting for the filling up such vacancy or vacancies, giving seven days notice thereof.

LXI. And be it enacted, That when any substitute shall, after having been approved by any three deputy lieutenants, or by any two deputy lieutenants together with any one justice of

A subdivision meeting may be held on 7 days notice, for filling up vacancies by death, or otherwise.

the peace, or by any one deputy lieutenant together with any two justices of the

Vacancies occasioned by the death, promotion to

a halberd, or.f 0 ,

discharge of a two justices of the peace, and before the expiration of the term £ubK ^for which he was to serve, die, or be appointed a serjeant in as inhales of the militia, or be legally discharged, the person for whom he death, or dif- served as substitute shall not be obliged to serve himself, or to find charge of per- another substitute; but such vacancy shall be filled up in like fons: serving manner as is directed by this act, in case of vacancies occasioned ortbemselves.*the fath or discharge of persons serving for themselves. be fwomCin*ay ^XII. And be it enacted, That for the purpose of (wearing and inrolling men to serve in the militia, it shall and may be lawful for any one deputy lieutenant, at any place in the subdivision he usually acts in, to swear and inrol any substitute to serve for any place in such his subdivision 5 provided such substitute oiTproducing Aiall produce to such deputy lieutenant a certificate under the a certificate of hands and seals of any two other deputy lieutenants, or of any his having one justice of the peace together with any one deputy lieutenant, '>CCnved of or 0*my twoju*ces the peace acting in the same subdivision, by^dcp Ueu- or redding near the same, certifying the y have seen, and do tenants, &c. approve of? such substitute as a proper person tq serve ip tho

militia.

and inrolled before a dep, lieutenant in his subdivision.

1761.I Anno secundo Georgii III.' 125

and such person shall and may be sworn and inrolled and the clerk by such deputy lieutenant only: Provided nevertheless, That °Jthefubdi-Ihe clerk belonging to such subdivision shall and do attend with attendingCwitf the roll at such swearing and inrolling. the roll at

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the time, kny militia mm shall, auring the time that the regiment or Militia man battalion in which he serves shall be embodied, be discharged embodied, and by the officer commanding such regiment or battalion, such char^ed discharge shall be sufficient to prevent such man from being in^oflkerT1*liable to be apprehended as a deserter, but shall not extend to is not liable to cause another man to be chosen to serve for the parish, tything, beappreheud-or place, or parishes, tyhtings, or places, for which such man lo* ade- discharged did serve, unless he be likewise regularly discharged an-

by the deputy lieutenant or deputy lieutenants and justices of the other be peace as aforesaid. chosen in hi*

room, unless he be discharged also by the dep. lieuts.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all such militiamen

whose time of service in the militia shall be near expiring, du- ^V^time"* ring the time the regiment, battalion, or independent company, of service in which they served, shall be abfertt from the county, riding, or shall be near

are

place, to which they belong, shall be returned by the command- expiring, ing officer of such regiment, battalion, or independent compa- ^Seir" ny, to the county, riding, or place, for which they served, so as propercounty, that they may reach the said county by the expiration of their term, so a* they may /each the lame by the expiration of their term.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Subdivision lawful for his Majesty's lieutenant together with any two or meetings may more deputy lieutenants, and on the death or removal, or, in he altered at a the absence of his Majesty's lieutenant, for any three or more deputy lieutenants, at a general meeting to be held after reason- ter reasonable able notice thereof given, to change or alter any subdivision meet- notice*ing or meetings, whenever they shall find it convenient so to do. hut the sub-

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That, in order to save the trouble of appointing subdivision meetings every year in the fe- appoint*! are veral counties, ridings, and places aforesaid, the several fubdi- to remain un-vision meetings therein now appointed, shall remain and con- til they shall tinue until the same shall be altered by his Majesty's lieutenant together with any two or more deputy lieutenants, or, on the titered.^death or removal, or, in the absence of his Majesty's lieutenant, by any three or more deputy lieutenants, at some general meeting.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That every militia man shall, if Removal of a he changes the place of his abode from one parish, tything, or Pnvateman place, to another parish, tything, or place, the militia whereof rarUh^c!* shall serve in the lame regiment or battalion, such militia man the militia shall continue to serve in such regiment or battalion for the whereof fenrea place from whence he removed, and shall not occasion a va- f.he ^amc cancy, for such parish, tything, or place, but shall be trained, d^snoTalter exercised, and paid, by the officer of the company to which his service, the militia of such parish, tything, or place, to which he re-nor occasion a qtOYcd shall belong; and that every militia man, who shall vacancymhu

changetormcrpaxm*

126

but if the removal be into another county, See. the militia whereof serves in different reginfents, he shall serve his time out in the regiment of that place, upon the first vacancy $ and he is to give previous notioe of his removal to the D. lieutenants, and receive a certificate of his service; and if given by i D. iieut. is to be certified to the next subdivision meeting; and the certificate itself to be produced at the subdivision meeting for the place to which he shall remove.

On negl eft of giving such notice, and producing certificate, he forfeits 10s. to be levied by distress and Clerk of the subdivision meeting is to give notice of such militia man's change of abode,

Sec. to the clerk

No substitute is to be excused from serving

Copies of the rolls signed at the subdivision

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

change the place of his abode from one county to another county, or from one parish, tything, or place, to another parish9 tything, or place, the militia whereof shall serve in different regiments or battalions, such person shall serve, upon the first vacancy that shall happen, in such regiment or battalion, until his service shall be compleated: and every such militia man shall, before he changes the place of his abode, give notice thereof to any three or more deputy lieutenants, or to any two deputy lieutenants together with any one justice of the peace, or to any one deputy lieutenant together with any two justices of the peace, 2 % some subdivision meeting, or to one deputy lieutenant, who shall give to such militia man a certificate of the time he shall have served in the militia for the respective parish, tything, or place, from his inrolment to serve in the same; and if such certificate shall have been given by one deputy lieutenant only, such deputy lieutenant mail certify the same to the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace at their next meeting within such subdivision, and such militia man shall produce the said certificate to the deputy lieutenants and justices at the next meeting for the subdivision wherein he shall then dwell, or to one deputy lieutenant reftding near the parish, tything, or place, to which lie shall remove, who shall certify the same to the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace, at their next subdivision meeting: and if any militia man so changing the place of his abode shall not give notice, and produce his certificate as aforesaid, such militia man so neglectng, and thereof convicted on oath before one or more justice or justices of the peace, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings; and if such offender shall not immediately pay such penalty, the same shall be levied by distress and sale of his goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and fell, or hands and seals, of such justice or justices, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducing the charges of such distress and sale, to such offender upon whom such distress shall have been made, as aforesaid; and for want of sufficient distress, such justice or justices shall commit such offender to the house of correction for any time not exceeding one month.

sale; and for want of distress, he is to be committed not exceeding i month.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That the clerk to the subdivision meeting shall, upon notice given by any militia man of the changing of his place of abode, and of a certificate granted him as aforesaid, forthwith give notice thereof to the clerk of the meeting for the subdivision to which the parish, tything, or place, where he thenrefides shall belong, for the division to which he shall remove.

LXIX. Provided always, That no militia man having served as a substitute, shall, by such service, be excused from fciving for himself when he shall be chosen by lot. for himself when cholen.

LXX. And be it enacted, That the clerks of the subdivision meetings shall, within fourteen days after each subdivision

1761.]

Anno secundo Georgii III.

127

lion meeting, transmit to his Majesty's lieutenant of the county, meetings to be riding, or place, fair and true copies of the rolls signed at the

vvt^ j.-, r, c A.tenant in 14

JLXAI. And be it enacted, That if any chief constable or days alter

other officer of any hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other each meeting.

division, or any constable, tythingman, headborough, or other Constables or officer of any parish, tything, or place, shallrefufe or neglect to other officers

return such lifts, from time to time, in manner aforesaid, pr tp J^the

comply with such orders and directions as he shall, from tkn$ to [jft^or corn-

time, receive from his Majesty's lieutenant, and the said deputy ply with

lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two deputy their orders,

lieutenants together with anyone justice of the peace, or any or?cinS

one deputy lieutenant together with any two justices of the or pa^ialty'in

peace, in pursuance of this act, or shall, in making such return, their returns,

be guilty of any fraud or wilful partiality*any three or more de- to be impri-

puty lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants together with so"ed for out

any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant to- mont J

gether with any two justices of the peace, are hereby impowered

and required to imprison, in the common gaol of the respective

county, riding, or place, such chief constable or other officer of any hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other division, or such

constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of any pa-

rift), tything, or place, there to be kept, without bail or main-

prize, for the space of one month, or, at their discretion, to fine or fined not

such officer in any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor under exceeding 5L

forty shillings; such fine to be levied by distress and sale of the^lcrSuY, ^, t

offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and

fcals of any three or more deputy lieutenants, or of any two de- itrels and sale.

puty lieutenants together with any one justice of the peace, or

of any one deputy lieutenant together with any two justices of the peace; rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after

deducting the charges of such distress and sale, to such officer

upon whom such distress shall have been made as aforesaid: and Dep. lieute-

it may and shall be lawful for the deputy lieutenants, or any nants may if-

three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants together fof thfir or-

with anyone justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant ^nding the

together with any two justices of the peace, within their respect occasional at-

tive subdivisions, from time to time, to issue out their order or tendance of

warrant, under their hands and seals, commanding the attend- the constable*

ance of the constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer riflToffice*

of any parish, tything, or place, within their several subdivisions, ancj on hi*

at such times and places as in such order, or warrant shall be ex- disobeying

pressed; and if such constable, tythingman, headborough, or such order,

other officer, shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such him.

order or warrant, such constable, tythingman, headborough, or p

other officer, shall suffer the pains and penalties aforesaid.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That any person who shall, by Persons tam-gratuity, gift, or reward, or by promise thereof, or of any in-demnincation, or by menaces, endeavour to prevail on any to mdke selfe chief constable, or any constable, tythingman, headborough, or returns, or to other officer* of any parish, tything, or place* to make a false re- crafe, the

turn

Anno secundo Georgii III.

b

name of any person out of the lifts, forfeit 50l. to the prose-

cutorj and persons refilling to declare their own names, or those of their lodgers, &c.forfeit iol.

Dep. lieutenants being informed of, or suspecting, the fraudulent binding-out of person* returned in the lift as apprentices, in order to avoid serving, may summon and examine witnesses upon oath touching the same; and if any fraud shall appear, they are to appoint i'uch person to lerve immediately, or upon the first vacancy that shall happen j

and themaster to whom such person was io bound shall forfeit iol. to be levied by distref* and sale:

One moiety thereof to go to the informer, if any.

Ld. lieutenant is to transmit, from

turn of any list for any parish, tything, or place, ortocrafe leave out of any such lift the name of any such person as oiqgJ to be returned, every such person shall, for every such offerees forfeit and pay the furti of fifty pounds, to be recovered by act*o of debt, bill, plaint, or inhumation, in any of his Majestcy? courts of record at Westrmnfter, wherein no essoin, wager of larvi or protedUon, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed all which penalties shall go to the use of the person or person who shall sue for the same: and if any person shall refiife to red his christian and fumame, or the christian and fumame of an] man lodging or residing within his or her house, to any conftm-We, tythingman, or other officer, authorized by this act to demand the same, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any three or more deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace* or any one deputy lieutenant together with any two justices of the peace, shall, at any of their subdivision meetings, receive information, or shall suspedfc, that any person inserted in any list, described as an apprentice, has been fraudulently bound apprentice in order to avoid serving in the militia, it may and shall be lawful for any three or more deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants together with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together with any two justices of the peace, to make inquiry into the binding out such person apprentice, and to summon such persons as they shall think necessary to appear before them, at such time and place as they shall appoint, and to examine such persons, upon oath, touching the matter in question: and in case any such fraud shall appear in the binding out such person apprentice, it may and shall be lawful for such deputy lieutenants, or deputy lieutenants and justice, or deputy lieutenant and justices, toap-point such person, so bound apprentice, to serve immediately in the militia for the parish, tything, or place, for which such lift shall have been returned, if there shall be a vacancy; and if there shall be no vacancy at that time, then upon the first vacancy that shall happen therein: and the person to whom such apprentice shall be so bound, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; which penalty, in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of such deputy lieutenants, or deputy lieutenants and justice, of deputy lieutenant and justices, or any three or more of them, returning the overplus, if any, after all charges paid, to the person whole

Soods and chattels shall be so distrainedj one moiety whereof lall be applied to the use of the informer, if any, and the other moiety, or, if there shall be no informer, then the whole of such penalty, shall be applied in manner herein after-mentioned.

LXXIV. And be it ena

enacted, That his Majesty's lieutenant of every county, riding, and place, shall, and he is hereby required to tranlinitto his Majesty's privy council* from time to time, a true

state

Anno secundo Georgii III. 129

Sate of the numbers of persons fit to serve in the militia for the time to time, Scanty, riding, or place, of which he is lieutenant; and that af- councifa^ ter all the said numbers shall be transmitted to his Majesty's state of the privy council, according to the directions aforesaid, it may and numbers of shall be lawful for the said council, and they are hereby required persons in the p fix and settle, as near as may be, the number of private mili- fit to pi men who shall for the future serve for each county, riding. Or jid the privy pace, within the part of Great Britain aforesaid, by the propor- council n Son which the numbers returned for each county, riding, or thereupon td pace, bear to the whole number of private militia men by this thrC act directed to be raised within the part of Great Britain afore- serve,

bid, and forthwith to transmit accounts of the numbers so fixed by the i^opor-and settled, to all his Majesty's lieutenants of counties, ridings, tien the re-and places, within the part of Great Britain aforesaid, respective- turns eac^ h; and where the number of private militia men so fixed and thewiiole^ settled as aforesaid, shall be respectively greater than the num- number to be her of p rivate militia men who shall be by virtue of this act ap- raised within pointed to serve for any county, riding, or place, then, and in*jklngfd<J!Si such case, his Majesty's lieutenant together with any two or trans-xbore deputy lieutenants, and on the death or removal, or in the mit accounts absence of his Majesty's lieutenant, any three or more deputy of the nunw lieutenants, shall, at a general meeting to beheld for that put- bersfo settled pose, appoint what number of private militia men shall serve i£ot/nants, for each respective hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other di- md where the viSon, within the county, riding, or place, to which they be- number shall long; and the additional number of private militia men to make greater up die whole number so fixed and settled as aforesaid, shall be tinted by the provided or chosen in the same manner as all other private mi- y

iitia men are by this act directed to be provided or chosen: and a general all the additional men so provided or chosen, or their substitutes meeting to (to be appointed as substitutes are required to be by this act) £d lieut and and voluntiers, shall take the oath by this act required to be ta- deputies, ken, and shall respectively be inrolled, or sign their consent to and the addi-serve in the militia, in the same manner as is directed, and shall tional men be subject, in case of refusal, to the same penalties as are in like vided or cases inflicted by this act: and where the number of private mi- chosen in litia men so fixed and settled as aforesaid, shall be respectively like manner as Ids than the number of private militia men who shall be, by " directed in virtue of this act, appointed to serve for any county, riding, or ^d*where the place, then, and in such case, his Majesty's lieutenant together number set-with any two or more deputy lieutenants, and on the death or tied shall be removal, or in the absence of his Majesty's lieutenant, any three left than is ap-or more deputy lieutenants, shall, at a general meeting to be ^nted by^held for that purpose, discharge by lot proportionably out of the Vupemu-each respective hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other divi- meranes shall fion, so many private militia men as shall exceed the number so he discharged fixed and settled as aforesaid. by lot.

iajeft/s lieutenant, to any three or more deputy lieutenants, of [£nd meeting VoL. XXV. K any

130 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

to have been any county, riding, or place, at their general meeting, that the unequally or distribution by them made of the whole number of militia men actioned charged upon such county, riding, or place, among the several amongst the hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, was several bun- either unequally and erroneously made, or, from any subsequent dreds or divi- alteration of circumstances, is become unequal and disproporti-coMty- onable, it may and shall be lawful for his Majesty's said lieute-or that by ah nant and any two or more deputy lieutenants, or on the death teration of or removal, or in the absence, of his Majesty's lieutenant, for circumstances any three or more deputy lieutenants, to make a new and more come^equad* e(lua^ distribution of such number as aforesaid among the said fc- # veral hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions,

the Ld. lieu- according to the method prescribed by this act for making the tenant and original distribution, and to cause such additional number ofmen nSk^new^ to Prov*ded or chosen, or such number to be discharged out and moreCW of those before provided or chosen for each respective hundred, equal distii- rape, lath, wapentake, or other division, as shall become necef-bution; fary in consequence of such new distribution, in like manner as distham ra^n ls^a<^ prescribed to be done, where the lame shall bc-

confonnableCn come necessary in consequence of the accounts transmitted from thereto. his Majesty's privy council.

Serjeant and

LXXVI. And be it enacted, fThat no serjeant or private man militia man serving in the militia shall, during the time of such service, be exempted liable to do personally any highway duty, commonly called Sta-work ancTpa- tute^Qrh or be appointed to serve as a peace officer or parish of-riffi offices; Acer, or be liable to serve in any of his Majesty's land or sea and from be- forces, unless he shall consent thereto, ing obliged

to serve in his Majesty's land or sea forces.

ftJKntiafiTon

LXXVII. And be it enacted.That incase any private tnanfef-am'arch^or011 v*ngn the militia, shall on the march, or at the place where he at the place of shall be called out to annual exercise, be disabled by ficknefe, it annual exer- shall and may be lawful for any one justice of the peace of the provided for courity> or any mayor or chief magistrate of any city, town, or byan order* P^acc> 'where such man shall then be, to order him such relief as from the ma- he shall think reasonable, by warrant under his hand and seal; gistrate, or and the officers of the parish, tything, or place, for which such man shall serve as a militia man, shall reimburse the same to the and the ex- officers of the parish where such militia man shall then receive

pence is to be such relief, which shall be allowed in their accounts, upon pro-reimburied during the above order.

by his proper

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That no person having served*- personally or by substitute three years in the militia, shall be having served °bliged to serve again, until by rotation it comes to his turn.

3 years, is

liable to serve again but in rotation.

The same li-

LXXIX. And be it enacted, Thatevery man havingTerved in, berty is grant- the militia when drawn out and embodied, being a married man, ed to militia may set Up ancj exercise any such trade as he is apt and able for, tnarried^id hi any town or place within the kingdoms of Great Britain and embodied, to Inland, without any let, suit, or molestation, of any person or

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 131

persons whatsoever, for or by reason of the using such trade, as set up trades fredy, and with the same provisions, and under the same regula- Brifahi or Ire-tiens, and with the like exception in respect to the two universities of that part of Great Britain called England, as any mariner as by act or soldier may do by an act passed in the twenty second year of* Geo. II. is his late Majesty's reign, intituled An act to enable such officers^ mariners9 and foldierj, as have been in his Majesty's service since his soldiers. accession to the throne, to exercise trades. Militia man,

LXXX. And be it enacted, That no private militia man shall if unembo-be intituled to his clothes for his own use, until he shall have died, is not served for the space of three years, if the regiment or battalion jnntuled to in which he serves shall be unembodied; but if such regiment (^cd or battalion in which he serves shall be drawn out andembo- 3 years; died, the clothes shall, at the end of one year, be applied in but if embo-such manner as the colonel or commanding officer of his regi- the£ ment or battalion shall judge bed for the use of such militia hfs^c at man.^the end of 1

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That if any militia man who shall year, have been accepted and inrolled as a substitute, hired man, or Overseers are voluntier, before the twenty second day of May one thousand fe- Pay°ut °* ven hundred and sixty, or if any militia man who shall have rates^by or-been chosen by lot, whether before or after the twenty second day der of iome of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, shall, when em- justice, a bodied, and called out into actual service, and ordered to march, we«Wy al-leave a family unable to support themselves, the overseer or ^JeWfa-overseers of the poor of the parish, tything, or township, where miHcs of such the family of such militia man shall dwell, shall, by order of men embodi-some one justice of the peace, out of the rates for the relief of the cd and poor of such parish, tything, or township, pay to such family a have been weekly allowance, according to the usual and ordinary price of chosen by lot, labour in huffiandry within the said county, riding, division, dif- and of such trift, or place, where such family shall awell, by the following substitutes, rule; that is to say, for one child*under the age of ten years, ^nTvolun-any sum not exceeding the price of one day's labour; for two tiers, as were children under the age aforesaid, any sum not exceeding the inrolled be-price of two days labour; for three or four children under the forc May» age aforesaid, any sum not exceeding the price of three days la- ^cordine to hour; for five or more children under the age aforesaid, any the°usual price sum not exceeding the price of four days labour; and for the of labour in wife of such militia man, any sum not exceding the price of one husbandry day's labour; and in every parish, tything, or township, where tk* the money arising by such rates shall not be sufficient for the ScniunbSr purpose aforesaid, a new rate or rates shall be made for raisinga and age of iuirf sufficient for that purpose: and every such weekly allow- the children: ance shall be forthwith reimbursed to the overseer or overseers of v*zL*J^r j r of such parish, tything, or township, by the treasurer of the J0Cyearsl*nx*county, riding, or place, where such parish, tything, or town- day's labour; ship mall be situate, out of the public stock of such county, ri-»uitto, 2 day* ding, or place. labour;

K2 LXXII. And

hour; 5 or more ditto, days labour: for the wife day's labour: and where the said rates shall be infufiicent, a new rate is to be made; and the overseeds art to be reimburjf-ed forthwith out of the county (lock.

Anno secundo Georgii III.'

I1761.

13a

Treasurer of

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That the treasurer of every county, riding, division, and place, shall and is hereby required to account of the ^eeP exa(^ and distinct accounts of all the monies that shall have monies so re- been so by him reimbursed, to such overseer or overseers as afore-imbursed to said, in pursuance of the directions of this act; and shall at the anVretum"* cn<* ^cvcn ca^en<^ar months from the passing of this act, and his-yearly|the afterwards at the end of every six calendar months, return the said accounts said accounts, together with the accounts which he shall have with those re- received from the several treasurers of the cities, towns, liberties, f: om or places, to the office of the treasurer's remembrancer of the fu^ Ko court of exchequer.

the exchequer,

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all ci-Where any ties, towns, liberties, divisions, and places, which are not liable city or place to contribute to county rates by virtue of an adfc made in the liable11^ act twe^b his ^ate Majesty's reign, intituled An act for

11 Geo. 5! L to tk* more easy collecting, and levying of county rates*, the

contribute to justices of foe peace for every such city, town, liberty, division, county rates, and place, at any sessions or meeting, or the major part of them the justices then and there assembled, may and shall appoint a treasurer, and ^ealurer, assess upon every parish, tything, townfoip, hamlet, or vili,

and assess each within the limits of their respective jurisdictions, in such pro-parish, propor- portions as the rates heretofore made for foe relief of the poor tionate to their have been usually assessed; and shall cause to be paid out of the* ua poors money collected and levied for the relief of the poor of every such parish, tything, township, hamlet, or vill, into the hands of such treasurer, such sum or sums of money as they in their discretion shall think sufficient for reimbursing to the overseer or

__________ overseers of the several parifoes, tythings, townships, hamlets,

lowanceTpaid or vills, within the limits of their respective jurisdictions, the by them} amount of the weekly allowances paid by such overseer or over-

and such trea- fcers to the families of the militia men residing within their ref-imbursedie" pective jurisdictions as aforesaid } and every such treasurer shall laid overseers, forthwith reimburse the same to every such overseer or overseers and keep an accordingly: and such treasurer is hereby required to keep exaccount of adfc and distinct* accounts of all the monies that shall have been p^d^y h?m, Pa^nt0 ^ls bands, and f° by him reimbursed to such over-am! transmit seer or overseers as aforesaid; and shall, at foe end of every fix the same half-calendar months, transmit the said accounts to foe treasurer of yearly to the the county or riding which such city, town, liberty, division, fi?rer!y*" an<* P*ace»s> by this act, united with and made part of for the Treasurer of purposes of this act: provided that foe trea fyrer of the city of the city, See. Lincoln and county of foe said city, shall transmit his accounts ot Lincoln is to to foe treasurer or the division of Lin fey, within the county of

tranlnut his r J

accounts to Lincoln.

thetreasurerof Linfey division.

rate, in a sum sufficient to reimburse the overseers the weekly al

Allowances

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That; within the city1 and City and county the city of Exeter, all allowances to be county of the made by virtue of this act to the families of persons serving in cityot Exeter, the militia, shall be paid by the treasurer or treasurers 01the are to be paid corporation of the governor, deputy governor, assistants, and

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 133

guardians, of the poor of the city and county of Exeter and bythetreasur-that the same shall be ascertained, assessed, raised, collected, and levied, by such and the same ways and means as the money p^r'and to*!* raised for the relief of the poor within the said city and county is, aJ^ffed and le* by virtue of two acts of parliament, the one of them made in vi^d as their the ninth and tenth years of King William the Third, and the other of them in the thirty first year of hi* late Majesty King 1

George the Second, directed to be raised: and it shall and may Geo. II.direc-be lawful for the several persons authorized to put the said acts ed \ in execution, to cause to be raised and levied such sum or sums to {* ad- as shall be necessary for that purpose, over and above what they ^they are are already authorized to raise for the relief of the poor of the authorized to said city and county; and all and every person and persons who raise for their are by the said acts, or either of them, required to do any act, P°°r rate> matter, or thing, for the ascertaining, assessing, confirming, or altering of assessments, collecting and levying the sums thereby directed to be raised for the relief of the poor, are hereby re-quiredand authorized to do all such and the like acts, matters, and to be raif-and things, for the ascertaining, assessing, confirming, or alter- ^e^like*© ing assessments, collecting and levying the money hereby directed Halries C pC" to be raised, and shall be subject to all such forfeitures and pe- and the mo-nalties, in case of their neglect or refusal to perform the same, as ney already are imposed upon offences of the like nature by the above men- ad vanced and tionedfts, or either of them; and also in the same manner, treasurer and by the same ways and means, to raise and levy, or cause to towards the be rallied and leviea, such further sum and sums of money as laid allow-Shall have been advanced and paid by the treasurer of thecorpo- an.^j*s ration of the poor for the maintenance of such wives and fami- vied in like* lies, and shall cause the same to be repaid to the treasurer of the manner, said corporation.

LXXXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all monies to Monies to be be levied by parish rates to be made within the city and county levied by this of the city of Bristol, by virtue of this act, shall be paid, afeer- ^ftes^Bri^ tained, assessed, raised, collected, levied, and repaid, in such ft0j# manner, and by such and the same ways and means, as are pres- are to be raif, cribed to be observed in raising money for the relief of the poor cd and paid, within the said city and county of the city of Bristol, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament relating thereto; and that it shall there^ ° and may be lawful for the several persons authorized to put the and to be ad« said acts in execution, to cause to be raised and levied such sum ditional to or sums, over and above what they are already authorized to 'vhat* alrea-raise for the relief of the poor of the said city and county, and to brraifelT also in the same manner, and by the same ways and means, to there: raise and levy, or cause to be raised and levied, such further sum and the mo-and sums of money as shall have been advanced and paid by the treasurer of the corporation of the poor, and shall cause the same the treasurer to be repaid to the treasurer of the said corporation; and that of the corpo-all and every person and persons, who are by the said acts, any ration of the or either of them, required to do any act, matter, or thing, for to the ascertaining, assessing, confirming or altering of assessments, him1; ^collecting and levying the sums thereby directed to be raised for and all acts


Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

134

requisite the relief of the poor, are hereby required and authorized to do

b«d^e*to all such and the like acts, matters, and things, for the ascertain-likepenaities1^ act"e^ing> confirming, or altering assessments, collecting and as are pre-levying the money hereby directed to be raised, and shall be feribed with subject to all such forfeitures and penalties, in case of their ne-respect to of- gleift or refusal to perform the same, as are imposed upon officers fng^heirdq- t^ie nature by the above mentioned acts, any or either of tyinexecuti- them, on of the poor laws there

Where trea-

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the treasurers shall re- surer of any county, riding, city, town, liberty, division, or place* imbnrfe to within the part of Great Britain aforesaid, who shall, after the

monCTO Pan3 this act, reimburse to any overseer or overseers of the

m 1 ev' poor of any parish, tything, town ship, hamlet, or vill, any sum

or Anns of money, in pursuance of the directions of this act, on account of the weekly allowance to the family of any militia man, serving in the militia of any county, riding, city, town, liberty, division, or place, other than the county, riding, city, town, liberty, division, or place, where such family shall dwell, ty, other than shall deliver or transmit an account of such money as he shall that wherein have so reimbursed as aforesaid, signed by one or more justice or

money, on account of the weekly allowance to the families of militia men serving in any coun-

iiich families dwell, they are to transmit an account thereof, signed by a ju-itice, to the treasurer of the county wherein such men serve, who is to reimburse them the lame.

If a quaker

justices of the peace for the county, riding, city, town, liberty, division, or place, where such family shall dwell, to the treasurer of the county, riding, city, town, liberty, division, or place, in the militia whereof such militia man shall serve; and thereupon the treasurer, to whom such account shall have been delivered or transmitted as aforesaid, shall, and is hereby required to pay to the treasurer who shall have so delivered of transmitted such account, the sum or sums so by him reimbursed to such overseer or overseers, and shall be allowed the same in his accounts.

LXXXVII. And be it cnatfed. That if any person, being one of the people called Quakers shall be chosen by lot to serve in the militiq, and shall refuse or neglect to appear, and to take the be chosen, and oath? anj serve in the militia, or to provide a substitute, to be dr provWea* aPProvcd as aforesaid, who shall take the said oath, and subscribe his consent to serve as the substitute of such quaker; then, and in every such case, any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants together with anyone justice of the peace, or any onq deputy lieutenant together with any two justices of the peace, shall, if they think proper, upon as reasonable terms as may be, provide and hire a fit person, who shall take the said oath, and subscribe his consent to serve in the said militia for the space of three years, as the substitute of such quaker; and any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants together with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant together with any two justices of the peace, are hereby impowered and required to levy bydiftrefs and sale of the goods and chattels of such quaker, by warrant under their hands and seals, such sum or sums as shall be necessary to defray the expence

substitute, thedep. lieutenants may provide one, and levy the expence by distress and (ales

Anno secundo Georgii III. 135

of providing and hiring such person to serve in the militia, but if any of* for the space of three years, as the substitute of such quaker, so refuting or neglecting, as aforesaid; rendering the overplus, if in making any, after deducting the charges of such distress and fate, to such such distress, quaker, upon whom such distress shall have been made as afore- be w to be re-(aid: and in case any measures shall be used in making distress ntporl as aforesaid, which may be by any such quaker thought oppref- mSe by hirai five, it shall be lawful for such quaker to complain thereof to the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace, at their next meeting, who are hereby impowered and required to hear and finally determine the same.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the And wbrc authority aforesaid, That in every parish, tything, or place, or^iqrcfufet0 two or more parishes, tythings, or places, 10 added together as pay to the aforesaid, in which any such rates shall be made, where the rates autho-churchwardens or overseers shall make complaint to a justice of the peace, that a quaker or quakers refuse to pay the sum or jnad£,* sums of money he or they shall be rated at, such justice may the justices, and shall order such cost and charges, for levying such distress, upon conv as he shall think reasonable, not exceeding the sum of ten (hill- |£alnthot the ings on each of the said quakers where there are no more than may or, two erf* them, and, where there are a greater number, not ex- «jer reasona-ceeding five shillings on each of the said quakers. blcojft and

levying the distress, in proportion to the Anns here allowed.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted and declared, That it may and Dep. licute-Shall be lawful for any deputy lieutenant or justice of the peace ju-

to act in the execution of this act, in any and every subdivision

within the county, riding, or place, for which he is or shall be every fubdi-commissioned; and that each and every such deputy lieutenant vilion of the and justice of the peace hath and shall have the same power and cx?l?n55rlfor authority therein, as is by this act given to any deputy lieute- con^jfiond* nant or justice of the peace, within the subdivision to which he is or shall be particularly appointed.

XC. And be it enacted, That his Majesty's lieutenant for A clerk for any county, riding, or place, may and shall appoint a clerk for mceungY?*1 the general meetings within such county, riding, or place, and to be appoint-may displace such clerk if he shall think fit, and appoint another ed by the Ld, in nis room; and the deputy lieutenants within their respective subdivision*, or the major part of them present, may and shall thesub-appoint a clerk for their subdivision, and may displace luqh clerk, division meet-it they or the major part of them present shall think fit, and ap- ings by the point another in his room. D* beuts.

XCL. And be it enacted, That any two deputy lieutenants lits.* together with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy f )u^tce* lieutenant together with any two justices of peace, within the ^nd % justices, counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, Westmorland, may exercise and Rutland, and within all the several counties and places with the same in the said dominion of Wales, relbeftively, shall have and ex- ^tiesof ° ercife all and every the powers conferred by this act on any three Cumberland, deputy lieutenants of any county, riding, or place, within that

K 4 pm

136 Anno secundo Georgii III.

[176!

Huntingdon, part of Great Britain called England > any thing herein contain*

Wr/lmoHaxd to t^ie contrary notwithstanding.

Rutland, and Wales, as are conferred on 3 deputy lieutenants of any other county.

Whereafuffi- XCII. And be it enacted, That if it shall happen tha cient number there shall not appear at any subdivision meeting, a sufficie* to aa shall not number of deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace to acj subdivision1"7 of meting ty notice given in writing t

meeting, the all the deputy lieutenants within such subdivision, or left a clerk is to their respective places of abode, appoint another meeting to h give 5 days held within fourteen days at the same place where such meetinj oUw'meerine been before appointed to be held, giving at least five day tobeheld 5 notice thereof, within 14 days after the former meeting.

Fines for not XCIII. And be it enacted, That all Turns of mbney ari-serving are to sing by forfeitures paid by, or levied upon, persons refuting to be applied in serve in the militia personally or by substitute, shall be applied, riding in the first place, by any three deputy lieutenants, or by any two deputy lieutenants together with any one justice of the peace, or by any one deputy lieutenant together with any two justices of the peace, within their respective subdivisions, in providing a substitute for the person who shall have paid such pe-

__________ nalty; and if any part of such penalty shall remain after such

as part of the substitute shall be provided, the lame shall be paid to the colonel regimental or commanding officer of the regiment or battalion, and be ap-itoek. plied as part of the regimental nock.

Perf 1' bl XCIV. And be it enacted, That every person liable to to serve hav- serve9 the militia, having more than one place of residence, ing more than shall be deemed to relide only and shall serve as a militia man, one place of within the county, riding, or place, where his name shall have been first inserted in a list, and returned as herein directed, Cubed to refJeto*, je<*ng him to such service j and the clerk to the subdivision and shall serve meeting to which such lift shall be returned, shall, if any such only in the person require the same, grant a certificate, under his hand, county where that such person's name was inserted in such lift, specifying the inthdiftr"and bmes when such lift was made and returned, certificates, if required, shall be granted gratis of such returns.

and the surplus, if any, to be applied

A general XCV. And be it enacted, That within one month after meeting is to the said rolls are so returned from the deputy lieutenants and lordUeut and Ju^ces of the peace as aforesaid, his Majesty's lieutenant toge-deputieV&c. ther with any two or more deputy lieutenants, and on the death within a*or removal, or in the absence of his Majesty's lieutenant, any month after three or more deputy lieutenants, shall meet together, and form the ^H^frorn an<* or(*cr the militia for their respective counties, ridings, or the deputy0"1 places (where the same has not already been formed and order-lieutenants to cd) into regiments, considing, where the number of militiamen form the men, will admit the same, of twelve, but in no case of less than Of *>* eight, companies of eighty men at the most, and sixty men at regiments of the least, of persons living as near to each other as conveniently 1* but not less can be; and shall post to each company proper officers commissioned

y6l.) Anno secundo Georgii III. 137

aiffioned and qualified aforesaid; (that is to say) the field ofli- than8 comers of a regiment shall be, one colonel, one lieutenant colonel,

nd one major 5 and where the number of private men shall most^and mount to five companies, or to any number under eight commen at the anies, such militia shall be formed into a battalion, with one l«dl> and eutenant colonel, and one major, and no other field officer; the.nd where the number of private men shall amount to three ° Co?^ch* ©mpanies, or to any number under five companies, such militia lieutenant hall also be formed into a battalion, with one lieutenant colonel colonel, and nr major, and no other field officer: and m each regiment or 1 major, to nttalion of militia, a number of captains, lieutenants, and en- ment igns, equal to the number of companies in such regiment or and where battalion, grenadier companies excepted, wherein there shall be the number

one captain and two lieutenants. of ei1

r make 5 or

not companies, but left than 8, they are to be formed into battalions, with lieut. colonel, and major; and to a battalion of 3 companies, or less than 5, x lieut.colonel 01 major; and capt. lieut. and ensign to each company, grenadier companies excepted, wherein are to be 1 captain and a lieutenants.

XCVI. And be it enacted, That where the militia of any Where the county, riding, or place, has been already formed and ordered, militia has his Majest/s lieutenant together with any two deputy lieute- ^med^d^ nants of such county, riding, or place, shall, if the said militia ordTredfthey shall be then disembodied, within two months after the passing are, within 7 this act, reform the same, according to the rules by this act pre-months af-scribed for the first forming and ordering the militia; and it the de-

same shall be embodied, then within two months after it shall^.form-bc disembodied and returned to the respective counties. ed, according to the rules prescribed for the first forming and ordering the m.

XCVII. And be it enacted, That in every county, rid- where the ing, and place, and in every city and town being a county, number of within the part of Great Britain aforesaid, where the number of J*CJ} not private militia men shall not be sufficient to form a regiment or battalion, according to the intent and meaning of this act, the regiment following establishment shall take place therein; (that is to say) or battalion, the militia of such counties, ridings, places, cities, and towns,£*7 are to be shall be formed into independent companies, each company to consist of eighty private men at the mod, and sixty private men ^m^ieg at the lead, with one captain, one lieutenant, and one ensign, to from 60 to 8o each company; and it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs, men each, and successors, to join together any number of such independent*companies, and therewith to form a battalion or battalions, or \ ensign; to incorporate them with any regiment or battalion, regiments and they may or battalions of militia, but so as the number of companies in be joined, and any such regiment or battalion do not exceed, or fall Short of, bamdfen^or the number of companies of which a regiment or battalion of^incorfKjrat-militia is herein before respectively allowed to consist. ed with same

regiment or battalion, so as the number of companies therein does not exceed, or fklt flwrt of, the number a regiment or battalion ought to consist of.

XCVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, When a regi-That when any regiment or battalion of militia shall be unem- °T*?*

bodied, tauoa uau 00

>3*

unembodied, the commanding officer

may appoint a

The militia it to be trained and exercised, by regiment or battalion, twice a year, 14 days each time, or once a year, for st days together, at the isoft convenient times and places $ during which time all the provisions in thea&forpun-ishing mutiny officers and

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

bodied, the colonel, or, where there is no colonel, the commanding officer, shall and may appoint a regimental clerk to such regiment or battalion, regimental clerk thereto.

XCIX. And be it enacted, That the militia shall be trained and exercised in the manner following; (that is to say) by regiment or battalion twice in a year fourteen days at each time, or once in a year for twenty eight days together, as shall be directed by his Majesty's lieutenant and any two or more deputy lieutenants, and on the death or removal, or in the absence, of his Majesty's lieutenant, by any three or more deputy lieutenants, at such time and place, or times and places, as shall be lead inconvenient to the public, to be by them appointed at a general meeting; and that, during such time as the militia shall be so trained and exercised, all the provisions contained in any act of parliament which shall be then in force for the punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, shall extend to, and take place in respect of, the officers and private militia men of every regiment or battalion, but not to extend to life or limb, and desertion, not extending to life or limb, are to take ptote for the

menj

who are to be C. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for quarter'd and the mayors, bailiffs, constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and billeted by the other chief magistrates and officers, of cities, towns, parishes, strate^nmns, tyriungs, villages, and other places, within that part of Gnat livery*(tables, Britain called England, dominion of Wales % and town of Berwick andpublick upon Tweed, and in their default or absence, for any one justice houses, ap- Gf the peace inhabiting within or near any such city, town, tb^purpose P*'1^ tything, village, or place, and for no others, and they being made are hereby required, to quarter and billet the officers and privato by the commen serving in the militia, at the times when they shall be called standing ot- out to annual exercise, in innsjlivery (tables, ale-houses, viAual-cers.ling-houses, and all houses of persons felling brandy, strong waters, cyder, wine, or metheglin, by retail, upon application to them made by the lord lieutenant, or by the colonel or commanding officer of the militia of the county, riding, or place. Serjeants, Cl* And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for CrS|^mayors> bailiffs, constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and are to be other chief magistrates and officers of cities, towns, parishes, quarter'd and tythings, villages, and other places, within that part of Gnat billeted in like Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and the town of nunner i Berwick upon Tweed, and in their default or absence, for any ono but are to be ju*ce the peace inhabiting in or near any such city, town, provided with parish, tything, village, or place, and for no others, and they convenient are hereby required to quarter and billet ferieants, drummers, lodgings only, and fifers, serving in the militia, in inns, livery (tables, ale-asnoprov^on houses, viAualling-houses, and all houses of persons felling has by law wine, brandy, strong waters, cyder, or metheglin, by retail, thp been made for occupiers whereof are hereby required to provide for such fer-r that purpose, r 7 V ' r ' jeants.

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 139

j earns, dm turners, and fifers, at such times for which no provision has by law been made for that purpose, convenient lodgings only.

CII. And be it enacted, That the colonel or commanding A return is officer of every regiment or battalion of unembodied militia* dc to shall, and he is hereby required, as often as the regiment or tenant of the battalion shall be called out to exercise, to return to his Majesty's state of the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, for which such regi- regiment, 8cc. ment or battalion shall serve, a true state of such regiment or while unem-battalion.

CIII. And be it enacted, That notice of the time and place, exercise. or times and places, of exercise to which the militia men or each

parish, tything, or place, are to resort, shall befent by the clerk Notice of the of the general meeting to the chief constables or other officers STces^Sf ex-of the several hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divi- crcile to be " Son, with directions to forward the same to the constables, sent to the tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers of the several pa- chief confta-riflacs, tythings, or places, within their respective hundreds, f^wartledby rapes, lathes, wapentakes, or other divisions; which constables, them to tythingmen, headboroughs, or other parish officers, shall cause parish, &c. wch notice to be fixed on the doors of the churches or chapels to* belonging to their respective parishes, tythings, or places, or if church^rs any place, being extraparochial, shall have no church or chapel of the refbcc-belonging thereto, on the door of the church or chapel of some tive parishe* $ parish, tything, or place, thereunto adjoining j and all such and if any militia men shall duly attend at the times and places of exercise so to be appointed: and if any militia man (not labouring under Stabled) neg-any infirmity incapacitating him) shall not appear at such timfc le<ft to appear and place, or times'and places, so appointed in such notice as according to aforesaid, every such militia man being convitfted thereof, upon j.°.nce* oath, before one justice of the peace, shall forfeit and pay the and°on non-° sum of twenty pounds $ and if such militia man shall not im- payment, is to mediately pay such penalty, the justice of the peace, before be committed whom such militia man shall be so convicted, shall, by warrant, ^or 6 months, commit such militia man to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place, where he shall have been so convicted, there to or until he remain without bail or mainprize for the space of six months, foal* have paid or until he shall have paid the penalty aforesaid the PenaltJr#

CIV. And be it enacted, That the captain of each com- The captain pany of militia shall keep in his own custody, or leave and is to have deposit with the several serjeants belonging to his company, or the charge of with such person or persons as the said captain shall appoint for ^hSTand that purpose, the arms, clothes, and accoutrements, provided accoutre-for his company of militia; and the churchwardens of every mentsofhis parish or place where the said arms, clothes, and accoutrements, company; are so deposited, or one of them, is and are hereby required to churchward^ provide, at the expence of such parish or place, a chest, in which cns are t'0 such captain, serjeant, or other person so appointed as aforesaid, provide chests shall keep the said arms in some dry part of his house or dwell-or the Talc ing, under lock and key, and another chest in which he shall keep, under lock and key, the said clothes and accoutrements; 1

and

140

and care is to be taken that the men return them in good order after exerdfe.

The lord lieut. or deputies in his absence, may seize and remove the arms, &c. when necessary to the publick peacej

and lodge them with other persons. Persons intruded with the custody of the arms, See, delivering out the same, uu-less for exer-dfe, or by proper command, may be committed for 6 months.

Anno secundo Georgii III. T, 7<

and the serjeant, or such other person as shall be appointed train and discipline the men, is hereby required to take that, after exercise, every militia man deans and returns arms, clothes, and accoutrements, to his captain, or to fu person or persons as shall be appointed as aforesaid to re the same. 4

CV. And be it enacted, That his Majesty's lieutenant cal any county, riding, or place, or, in the absence of his Majesty-J lieutenant, any three or more deputy lieutenants, is and arJ hereby authorized, by warrant under nis hand and seal, or theia* hands and seals, to employ such person or persons as he or they, shall think fit, to seize and remove the arms, clothes, and accoutrements, belonging to the militia, whenever his Majesty's said lieutenant or deputy lieutenants shall adjudge it necessary to the peace of the kingdom, and to deliver the said arms* clothes, and accoutrements, into the custody of such person or persons as his Majesty's said lieutenant or deputy lieutenants shall appoint to receive the same, for the purposes of this a CVI. And be it enacted, That if any serjeant, or any other person intruded by the captain with the custody of any arms, clothes, or accoutrements belonging to the militia, shall deliver out any such arms, clothes, or accoutrements, unless for exer- cifing the men, or by the command of his superior officer, it may and shall be lawful for any two or more justices of the peace to commit such offender to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place, where the offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding six months.

No Day, arms,

CVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, aretobei?' That no pay, arms, accoutrements, or clothing, shall be issued, sued, °nor ad- and that no adjutant or serjeant shall be appointed, for the jutant or fer- militia of any county, riding, or place, until it shall appear by jeants ap- a return signed by his Majesty's lieutenant, or on the death or 5*}' removal, or in the absence, of his Majesty's lieutenant, by any men Mid of-C three deputy lieutenants, that three fifths of the militia men ficers have of the said county, riding, or place, have been inrolled, and been inrolled, that three fifths of the officers have taken out their com-and taken out jjiffions.

fions.Comm*

CVIII. And be it enacted, That all muflcets delivered for Muskets for fa0 of militia shall be marked didindtly in some vifi-the militia are ble place with the letter M, and the name of the county, riding, to be marked or place to which they belong, with an (M) r 70

and the name of the county, &c.

Militia man CIX. And be it enacted, That if any militia man shall fell, who shall fell, pawn, or lose, any of his arms, clothes, or accoutrements, and pawn, or lose, shall be thereof convicted upon oath before any one judice of clothes^or Peace* such militia man shall forfeit and pay a sum not ex^ accoutre- ceeding three pounds; and if such militia man shall not imme-ments, forfeits diately pay such penalty, the judice of the peace before whom 31* such militia man shall be so ponyidted as aforesaid, shall, by warrant,

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 141

and on nonpayment, is to be committed to the house of correction for month, and until fa- tisfaction be made; and if not of ability to pay, he is to be committed for 3 months; and if he neg-left to return them in good order when any time not

ant, commit such militia man to the house of correction for the pace of one month, and until satisfaction be made for the same; nd if he shall not be of ability to make such satisfaction, then dt the space of three months: and if any militia man shall re-act or neglect to return his arms, clothes, and accoutrements, a good order to his captain, or to such person as shall be appointed as aforesaid to receive the same, whenever demanded, uch militia man, being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall, br every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings; md if such militia man shall not immediately pay such penalty, the justice of the peace before whom such militia man shall be so convicted as aforesaid, shall, by warrant, commit such militia man to the house of correction for any time not exceeding fourteen days.

demanded, he forfeits 10 s. and on non-payment, is to be committed for exceeding 14 days.

CX. And be it enacted, That if any person shall knowingly if any p^ribii and willingly buy, take in exchange, conceal, or otherwise shall knowing-rtcrive, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, Jy and unlaw-any arms, clothes, or accoutrements belonging to the militia, chan^corw* upon any account or pretence whatsoever, the person so offend- Ceal, or re- " ing, being convicted thereof, upon oath, before one or more ceive any of justice or justices of the peace, shall forfeit and pay, for every tl'c &id arms, such offence, the sum of five pounds: and if such offender ^coJnre^ shall not immediately pay such penalty, the justice or justices of ments, he fertile peace before whom such offender shall be so convicted as feit? 51. for aforesaid, shall, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands cr rY such and seals, of such justice or justices, levy the same by distress ^Hevfe^b and sale of the offender's goods and chattles, rendering the dfftrefiTanl overplus (if any) on demand, after deducing the charges of sale; such distress and sale, to such offender, upon whom such distress and for want shall have been made as aforesaid; and for want of such distress, ^a^be shall commit such offender to the common gaol of the county, committed for riding, or place, where the offence shall have been committed, 3 months, or there to remain without bail or mainprize, for the space of three be publickly months, or shall cause such offender to be publickly whipped, at thr at the discretion of such justice or justices. thehifUce.0

CXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no officer of the militia, or private militia man, shall be liable to any penalty or punishment, for or on account of his absence during the absence, time he shall be going to vote at any election of a member to during the * serve in parliament, or during the time he shall be returning time of go- from such eleaion. ing to vote

for a member of parliament, or returning.

CXII.And be it enacted, That if the serjeant, or other person, if the person appointed by any captain of the militia to receive and keep in intruded with his custody the arms, clothes, and accoutrements thereto be-^longing, shall not complain, within three days, to some neigh- with-

bouring justice of the peace, of any militia man's not having in 3 day* returned his arms* clothes, and accoutrements as before directed, complain to

142 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

any justice 6f such serjeant or other person appointed as aforesaid, being thereof any militia convicted on oath before one of his Majesty's justices of the

ing duly re*" shall forfeit and pay the sura of twenty shillings; which

turned the penalty, if the offender mall not immediately pay the same, same, he for- shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and fcit* 208: chattles, by warrant under the hand and seal of the justice of by distress peace before whom such offender shall be so convicted as

and side. aforesaid, rendering the overplus [if any) on demand, after de-

ducing the charges of such distress and sale, to such offender, upon whom such distress shall have been made as aforesaid.

The serjeants

CXIII. And be it enacted, That the several serjeants shall rear* to receive ceive all their military orders, with respect to the training the ordvTfrm7 m^a men under their care, from the adjutant and their fope-the adjutant, r^or officers; and are hereby required to report, from time to and superior time, all crimes and misdemeanors of the several militia men officers; under their command, to their adjutant or superior officers, or an£*rc° re" to any two or more deputy lieutenants, or to some civil magi-or m* deputy strate, as the case shall require, lieutenants, or a civil magistrate, the crimes and misdemeanors of the men.

Non-commis-

CXIV. And be it enacted, That if anytnon-commission officer fion officer shall be negligent in his duty, or insolent or disobedient to the being negli- orders of the adjutant, or other his superior officer, and be Sutv^r'in- thereof conviCed as aforesaid, upon the oath of the adjutant, or fotent, °or dif- other superior officer, before one or more justice or justices of obedient to the peace, such non-commission officer shall forfeit and pay any his superior fUm not exceeding thirty shillings, at the discretion of such justice forfefts an or anc^such non-commission officer shall not imme-

fumCnotaex- diately pay such penalty, the justice or justices of the peace be-cecding 30 s. fore whom fuefi non-commission officer shall be so convicted as and on non- aforesaid, shall, by warrant, commit such non-commission officer payment, im^r to the house of correction for the space of fourteen days; and for T^days1; h*8 Majesty's lieutenant, or the colonel or commanding officer and isliable'to of the regiment or battalion, may discharge such non-commission be discharged. officer, if he shall think fit.

Chief confta-

CXV. And be it enacted, That all chief constables, petty con-blesandothers tables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other officers, of hun-are required dreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, parishes, tythings, and places, to be aiding within that part of Great Britain called England, and the domt-The lorIieut0 n, on ihaJI, and they are hereby required to be aiding

tenants, deT an^ assisting to his Majesty's said respective lieutenants, and puties, and their deputy lieutenants, and to the justices of the peace, and to justices, See. any of them, and to all to whom any power or authority is by in the execu- this act given, in the execution thereof.

tiono sa.

CXVI. And be it enacted, That in case of actual invasion, or In case of ac- upon imminent danger thereof, or in case of rebellion, it may or imminent* anc* ^a^e for his Majesty, his heirs, and successors

danger there- (Ae occasion being first communicated to parliament, if the pra-of, or of re- liament shall be then fitting, or declared in council, and notified heilion, the by proclamation, if no parliament shall be then fitting or in

being) to order and direct his or their lieutenants, and on their i; tt commu- 07 7,

*76l0

Anno secundo Georgii III.

*43

death or removal, or in their absence from their respectivecoun- nicated the ties, ridings, or places, any three or more deputy lieutenants, occasion to with all convenient speed, to draw out and embody all the re- ^tin^and'if giments and battalions of militia of their respective counties, not, to the ridings, or places, already raised, and not yet embodied, or council, and herein appointed to be raised and trained, or so many of them j}otlfiwltbc as his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, shall, in his or their great wisdom, judge necessary, in such manner as shall be best may order the adapted to the circumstances of the danger; and to put the said militia to be forces under the command of such general officers as his Majesty, <lra^?^t.and his heirs, or successors, shall be pleased to appoint over them; £?fonranyof and to direct them to be led by their respective officers into any them as he parts of this kingdom for the suppression of such invasions and shall judge rebellions: and the officers of the militia and private militia necessary; men of the regiments, battalions, and independent companies, ^cPu^cnl already embodied, or hereafter to be embodied, shall, from the mandofge-time of their being drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, and neral officers9until they shall be returned again, by order of their command- and direct ing officers, to their respective parilnes or places of abode, re- [n^Tany pam main under the command of such general officers, and shall be of intitled to the same pay as the officers and private men in his dom for the Majesty* other regiments of foot receive, and no other; and supprcfiionof the officers of the militia shall, during such time as aforesaid, rank with the officers of his Majesty's other forces of equal de- an(j they jre gree with them, as the youngest of their rank; and, during to receive pay such time, all the provisions contained in any act of parliament«the King's which now is or shall be then in force for the punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their jS^ey ftau9 quarters, shall extend to, and take place in respect of, the officers be returned and private militia men of every such regiment, battalion, or again* and independent company of militia respectively (excepting only as the officers to such particulars as are or shall be otherwise especially provided ^itluhoft of for by this or any act or acts of parliament, hereafter to be equal degree made, for regulating the militia forces within the part of Great in his Ma-Britain aforesaid) and when they shall be returned again to their iefty's othcf respective parishes or places oi abode, they shall be under the youngest of*same orders and directions only, as they were before they were their rank 5 drawn out and embodied as aforesaid; and if any non-com- and are to be million officer of the militia or private militia man shall be under all the maimed or wounded in actual service, he shall b^e equally intitled ^u^ny* to the benefit of Chelsea Hospital with any non-commission excepting officer or private soldier belonging to his Majesty's other forces; where it is and his Majesty's lieutenant of every such county, riding, or otherwise fpo-place, and on the death or removal, or in the absence of his ^a J^rp.ro^d* Majesty's lieutenant from his county, riding, or place, any three when retumor more deputy lieutenants, shall issue his or their order to the ed to their chief constables or other officers of the respective hundreds, own paristies, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, with directions to ^unde/the forward the same immediately to the constables, tythingmen, same orders headboroughs, or other officers of the several paristies, tythings, and directions

and places, within their respective diyilionss and such confta- only, as be-r r ble*, forc they were

144

drawn out and embodied: And any non-

com officer or private man being maimed or wounded in the service, are equally Entitled, with those of his Majesty's other forces, to Chelsea Hospital.

The lord lieut. or deputies, are to issue orders of the embodying to the chief constables, to be forwarded to the petty constables, who are thereupon to give notice to the men to attend; and any man, not being disabled, rehifing to appear and march, forfeits 401. and on non* payment, is to oe committed for 1* months, or until payment militia man, by distress and be publickly

In case of in-yafion, or imminent danger thereof* or of rebellion, the parliament if adjourned, or prorogued, above 14 days, is to be summoned to meet; and are to fit anda&as if adjourned.

Officers and men are inti-

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

hies, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, are hereby required, upon receipt thereof, forthwith to give or leave in writing, notice, or cause such notice to be given to the several militia men, or left at the usual places of their respective abodes within their respective parishes, tythings, or places, to attend at the time and place mentioned in such order; and if any militia man so ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a militia man} shall not appear and march in pursuance of such order, every such militia man being convicted thereof, upon oath, before two or more justices of the peace, shall forfeit and pay the sum of forty pounds; and if such militia man shall not immediately pay such penalty, the justices of the peace, before whom such militia man shall be so convicted, shall, by warrant, commit such militia man to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place, where he shall have been so convicted, thereto remain without bail or mainprize for the space of twelve months, or until he shall have paid the penalty aforesaid: and if any person shall harbour or conceal any militia man, not attending when ordered out into actual service, knowing him to be a militia man, and shall be thereof convicted upon oath, before any justice of the peace, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattles, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus, if any, after deducting the said penalty, and the charge of such distress and sale, to the party whose goods and chattles shall be so distrained and fold; and for want of sufficient distress, it may and shall be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby required, to commit such offender to the house of correction for the space of two months, or to cause such offender to be publickly whipped, at the discretion of such justice.

of the penalty i And any person knowingly harbouring or concealing any absconding when called out into actual service, forfeits 51, to be levied sale5 and for want of distress, he may be committed for % months, or whipped.

CXVII. And be it enacted, That if at anytime (in case of actual invasion, or upon imminent danger thereof, or in case of rebellion) the parliament shall happen to be separated by such adjournment or prorogation as will not expire within fourteen days, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, to issue a proclamation for the meeting of the parliament upon such day as he or they shall thereby appoint, giving fourteen days notice of such appointment; and the parliament shall accordingly meet upon such day, and continue to (it and act in like manner to all intents and purposes, as if it had stood adjourned or prorogued to the same day.

or prorogued, to the day of such meeting.

CXVin.And be it enacted, That the officers of the militia and private militia men, who shall be drawn out and embodied, shall be

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 141

be intitled to pay from the day of the date of his Majesty's rant for that purpose. warrant for their being embodied.

war- tied to pay#

from the date of the King's

CXIX. And be it enacted, That when any regiment or bat- when a regi-talion of militia shall be drawn out and embodied, and during ment, See. is the time they shall continue embodied, the colonel, or, where drawn out and there is no colonel, the commanding officer of such regiment or comnwnding battalion, shall and may appoint an agent to such regiment or officer is to-battalion; and such colonel, and, where there is no colonel, appoint an the commanding officer, shall be and is hereby made subject thereto* and liable to make good all deficiencies that may happen upon account of the pay, clothing, or publick (lock of such regiment liable to roako or battalion: and such colonel, and, where there is no colonel, good any de-the commanding officer, shall take security from the agent so Sdencies of appointed. pay, clothing,

CXX. And be it enacted, That when the militia of any county, riding, or place, shall be ordered out into actual service, it shall and may be lawful for the captain of any company of militia to A captain augment his company, by incorporating, with the consent of his Majest/s lieutenant, or, in the absence of his Majesty's menthh com* lieutenant, with the consent of two or more of the deputy lieu- pany, when tenants, any number of persons who shall offer themselves as order'd out voluntiers, and who shall appear to him to be sufficiently trained J^vici! with and disciplined, and provided with proper clothes, arms, and voluntiers! if accoutrements, and who shall take the oath appointed to be properly dif-taken by this act, and sign their consent to serve in the militia ciplmed, and for the time of such actual service, and to submit to the same JJ^who will rules and articles of war as militia men are by this act liable to take the oadi during the time of their continuing in actual service. appointed,

and sign the rolls, and be subject to the articles of war.

CXXI. And be it enacted, That no officer serving in the militia officers of the shall (it in any court martial upon the trial of any officer or fol- militia and his dier serving in any of his Majesty's other forces; nor shall any ^er^roes officer serving in any of his Majesty's other forces, fit in any are notto^fit court martial upon the trial of any officer or private man serving indiferimi-in the militia. xvately oa

trials for offences committed by the different corps.

CXXII. And be it enacted, That when the militia of any Receivers ge-county, riding, or place, shall be ordered out into actual fer- neral of the vice, or shall be out in actual service, the receiver or receivers land Ux general of the land tax for such county, riding, or place, shall, ctmamor ° and he or they is and are hereby required to pay, or cause to be commanding paid, to the captain or other commanding officer of each com- officer of such pany of militia so ordered out, or being out in service for such Co»nPany county, riding, or place, one guinea for each private militia man^Jhjal

belonging to nis company, whether such militia man marched service, with the company when first drawn out, or was ordered out guinea per afterwards to join such company, to be paid over by such cap- roan for cacb tain or other officer to every such private militia man who be- longing*0 longed to his company at the time such pailitia was ordered out thereto,

I*2

whether such man marched with the company when first drawn out, or was afterwards ordered to join Bichat shall be

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

into actual service, on or before the day appointed for marching i and to such militia man, who shall be afterwards ordered out, when he shall ioin his company; and such receiver or receivers general shall be allowed the same in his or their accounts.

it; to be oaid over by the captain to the men beftfre they march 3 and to afterwards order'd out, when they shall join the companies.

When the

CXXIII. And be it enacted, That when the militia shall be Ss^ailed*Ued out to be trained and exercised, it may and shall be lawful to betrained ^or any ju^ce of the peace of any county, riding, or place, be-the justices of ing duly thereunto required by an order from his Majesty's lieu-the peace, up- tenant, or from any deputy lieutenant of the county, riding, or on an order place, or from the colonel or other chief commission otticer lieutenant°or upon the place of any regiment, company, or detachment of deputy, or militia, to issue out his warrant, under his hand, to the chief

commanding constables of hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or divisions, officer, are to or to the constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other offi-forprovWine cers of the Pariftles» tythings, or places, from, through, near, such carriages or to which any such regiment or company of militia men, or for the use of any detachment thereof, shall be ordered to march, requiring the troops, as them to make such provision for carriages of the arms, clothes,

accoutrements, powder, match, bullets, or other warlike mate-with aole men r, -,

todrivethem; nals, with a°le mcn to drive such carnages, as is and are men-

and where a tioned in the said order; but in case such sufficient carriages and men cannot be provided within any such county, riding, hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, division, parish, tything, or place, then the next justice or justices of the peace shall, upon such order as aforesaid being shewn unto him or them, issue his or their war-&c. the neigh- rantto the chief constables, constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, ftiew are^o or other such officers of the next county, riding, hundred, rape,

issue warrants lath, wapentake, division, parish, tything, or place, for the pur-ibr furnishing poses aforesaid, to make up such deficiency of carriages: and what shall be such lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, colonel, or other chief com-Officer^to mdrion officer upon the place, who, by virtue of the aforesaid paydown to warrant from the said justice of the peace, shall demand such the constable carriages of such chief constable, constable, tythingman, head-the following borough, or other officer, is and are hereby required, at the Se?o/fuchhC ^ame t*me> to PaY down in hand to the chief constable, con-carriages, stable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, for the use as. for every of the person who shall provide such carriages and men, the mile a waggon sum of one shilling for every mile any waggon with five horses with 5 hories, travel j and the sum of one shilling for every mile any

with^oxen, wain with oxen> or with four oxen and two horses, shall or oxen and travel; and the sum of nine pence for every mile any cart with a horses; four horses shall travel; and so in proportion for carriages ^revery drawn by a less number of horses or oxen; for which respective horses and so ^ms f° received, the said chief constable, constable, tything-in proportion; man, headborough, or other officer, is hereby required to give for which a a receipt in writing to the person or persons paying the same; ftctiptiite audy such chief constable, constable, tythingman* headborough,

or

sufficient number cannot be provided within the countyj

v

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 143

or other officer, shall order and appoint such person or persons be given hims having carriages within their respective hundreds, rapes, laths, j^hle«C C°to wapentakes, parishes, tythings, or places, as they shall think orde^car- ° proper, to provide and furnish such carriages and men according riages to be to the warrant aforesaid; which persons so ordered are hereby furnished ac-required to provide and furnish the same accordingly for one c£rdingly; day's journey, and no more: and in case the chief constables, f0* one day's constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, shall journey only s be at any charges for such carriages, over and above what is so and any addi-received by them of his Majesty's said lieutenant, the said deputy honal ex-1/eutenant, colonel, or other chief officer, as aforesaid, fuen ^Cthercbyr-overplus shall be borne by each county, riding, or place, where are to be re* such additional expence shall be incurred, and be repaid to them paid out of without fee or reward by the treasurer of each respective coun- the county ty, riding, or place, out of the publick stock. ock*

CXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any such chief constable, Constables, constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, shall wil- &c. neglectfully neglect or refuse to execute any such warrant of any justice in* their duty of the peace; or if any person appointed by such chief constable, constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, to provide^9

or furnish any such carriage and man, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to provide the same; every such offender shall Forfeit a forfeit not left sum not exceeding forty shillings, nor less than twenty shillings, than 10s. nor to the use of the poor of the parish, tything, or place, where more tha£ such offence shall be committed: and every such offence shall uf/of the and may be heard and determined by two justices of the peace poor. within the county, riding, or place, where such offence shall be committed j which justices shall, by warrant under their hands to be levied and seals, cause the said penalty to be levied by distress and sale by distress of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if sale. any) on demand, after deducing the charges of such distress and sale to such offender, upon whom such distress shall have been made as aforesaid.

CXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That neither the No part of militia of this kingdom, nor any corps, detachment, or draught the militia thereof, shall, on any account, be transported or carried out of ma>r bctran£, be island of 'gm, UrUain. gSVKj

CXXVI. And be it enacted, That all the powers given, and provtfongt provisions made by this act, with respect to the county of &c. in the* Northumberland, and the militia thereof, shall in like manner aft respect-take place, and be in force, with respect to the town of Berwick upon Tweed, except only as to the particulars herein expressfed,

and otherwise provided for; and that out of the persons re- piace with returned in the lifts for the said town, a number of private militia spect to Ber- men shall be provided or chosen by lot to serve for the said uPm town, in the same proportion with the private militia men appointed to serve for the other respective hundreds, wards, and otherwise other divisions, within the said county of Northumberland; and provided for j if persons can be found within the said town and liberties there- and thenum-of, with such qualifications as are required for deputy lieutenants, and officers, within cities and townj which arc counties

Vi

144 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

h to be in of themselves, the chief magistrate of the said town of Berwick the'mimber° ^we€^ appoint five deputy lieutenants, and such num-appointetTfor her officers of the militia as shall be proportionable to the the other number of militia men which the said town shall raise, as their hundreds, &c. quota, towards the militia of the county of Northumberland; and ftthe the said lieutenants and officers are hereby required to put the and e*chief Powers conferred by this act, for raising and training the militia, magistrate is into execution, within the said town and liberties, subject to such to appoint 5 penalties as are inflicted upon deputy lieutenants and officers of deputy lieuts. for acting, not being duly qualified according to the

shall be^ound directions of this act; and that the said militia shall join the qualified, and militia of the county of Northumberland, and be exercised toge-©fficerspro- ther, and shall then, and also in time of actual service, be personable deemed part of the militia of the county of Northumberland % for sess, purpose aforesaid.

are to carry the ait into execution $ subject however to the penalties of non-qualification; and the men are to join, and be exercised with the militia of the county, and be deemed part thereof.

When the

CXXVII. And whereas the ordering the militia in the IJUf number of Wight, has always been in the governor or lieutenant governor

men is set- of the said island: and whereas, from the length of time since

the militia thereof was raised, the raising the same in manner to fumith, the heretofore accustomed may be attended with many difficulties; governor of be it enacted, That after the number of persons which the said the ls to faroifh to the militia of the county of Southampton

the^fecers ^ave ^een aPP°*ntec^> as ty this act is directed, by his Ma-

°.5 jesty's lieutenant and the deputy lieutenants, or by the deputy

aft fiords* lieutenants of the said county at large, the governor of the said lieuts. of island shall appoint the officers of the militia to be raised in the counties are said island, and shall and is hereby impowered and required to impowered aft in the execution of this act, in the same manner as his Ma-

and Utoap- Jc^y s lieutenants of counties are hereby impowered and re-point s or quired to act, and shall appoint five or more deputies to act more depu- with him, in and for the said island; which deputies and officers ties 5 who of the militia shall be qualified in the same manner, and are ^CheVqual5^ hereby impowered and required to act in the execution of this fied, and aft, act in the same manner, and under the same directions, provi-asisprescribed (ions, and penalties, as deputy lieutenants and officers of the with respect militia, in the several counties within the dominion of fPales, I^iitenants are a(^bjeft to; and the militia of the said island shall and officers he raifal in the same manner as the militia of the county of for WaUs\ Southampton, and shall be deemed a part of the militia of the and the mi- said county: and after the same shall be so raised, the said go-raised as* vernor* lieutenant governor, and deputies, shall order and direct an the Com. the training and exercising the said militia within the said island, Southampton, in the same manner as his Majesty's lieutenants and the deputy and deemed a lieutenants are by this act authorized and directed to do in any an?thereCu>*county within that part of Great Britain called England; and the ^be trained and niilitia so raised within the said island, shall be continued and re-exercisedinthe main within the said island as an internal defence thereof, same manner, ^nd continue th^re as an internal defence.

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 45

CXXVIII. And be it enacted, That all fines, penalties, and All fines, pe-brfeitures by this att imposed, the manner of recovery where*"4

f is not in this act particularly provided for, shall, on proof wherenot o* ipon oath of the offence before any justice of the peace of the therwife di-ounty, riding, or place, where the offence shall be committed, retted, are to k levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, be covered, jy warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering oa°h o/t"he he overplus (if any) on demand, after d.edutting the charges offence before of such distress and sale, to the offender upon w hom such dif- a justice for ttds shall have been made; and where the goods and chattels the r

of such offender shall not be sufficient to answer such distress, f^e.lieA such justice is hereby required to commit such offender to the and where cpramon gaol of the county, riding, or place, where the of- sufficient di-Knee shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding J^8 cannot three months: and all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this ^fen^erk to ad imposed, the application whereof is not otherwise parti- be committed edarty provided for, shall be paid to the clerk of the' regiment for3 months* 3 or battalion, and shall be made a common stock; and the said and where not dak shall give a particular account thereof, as it shall ariic, rcttcdTthey" to the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment or batta- are to be paid lion, who shall cause butts to be ereefted in some convenient to the regi-place orplaces, and shall direct the clerk of the regiment or batta- clerk, Eon to buy and provide, with some part of the money so arising, J^raon*

1 proper quantity of gunpowder and ball, to be used at proper stock, and he times by the militia men in (hooting at marks, and to apply accounted for and dispose of such other part of the money aforesaid, as he by him to tbs foil think reasonable. In some prize or prizes to be given to commanding such militia man or men as shall, by the commanding officer officer of the ihcnpresent, be adjudged to be the bell marksman or marksmen, regiment 5 and to apply the residue thereof to other contingencies relating and are to be U* the regiment or battalion.

providing powder and ball, and in prizes to the best marksmen, and to other contingencies of the regiment.

CXXIX. And be it enacted, That in all cases when any per- Where any son shall be committed to the house of correction by virtue of ^conimftted this att, he shall, during the time of such commitment, be to tjlc llo^c Upt to hard labour in such house of correction. of correction,

he is to be kept to hard labour there.

CXXX. And be it enacted, That in all cases where his Ma- Lord lieuts. jetty's lieutenants, or the respective deputy lieutenants by them deputies, and appointed, or his Majesty's justices of the peace, are, by this act, required to examine, hear, and determine, all witnesses trjed before shall be examined upon oath; which oath such lieutenants, them, im-deputy lieutenants, and justices, or any one of them, is and are powered to hereby impowered to administer.

CXXXI. And be it enacted j That no order or conviction made by any of his Majesty's lieutenants, or by any three or more And no order <kputy lieutenants, or by any two deputy lieutenants together or conviction ? with any one justice of the peace, or by any one deputy lieu- which shall be

' together with any two justices of the peace, or by any made by them

justice

i»4«

shall he removed, or superseded, by writ of certiorari.

Where a pari (h shall be in more counties or ridings than one, the men shall serve in the militia of the county. See. wherein the parish church Hands, and be subject

The inhabitants of Craike shall serve in the militia for the north riding of York, and be subject to the same jurisdiction.

The inhabitants of Maker parish shall serve and be trained with

and those of Wokingham, with the mi. litia of Com. Berks i of Filey, to serve m that of the east riding of York. of Threap-wood, in that of Flint; and to be exercised

and of Saint Martin, called Stamf ord Baron, in that of Lincoln.

The tinners in Devon and Cornwall are to be under the lord warden of the (Canaries.

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

justice or justices of the peace, by virtue of this act, shall be removed by certiorari out of the county, riding, division, place, city, or town, wherein such order was made, into any court, and that no writ or w'rits of certiorari shall supersede execution, or other proceedings, upon any such order so made in pursuance of this act; but that execution, and other proceedings, shall and may be had and made thereupon, any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

CXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any parish shall lie in more counties or ridings than one, the inhabitants of such parish shall serve in the militia of that county or riding wherein the church belonging to such parish is utuated; and that such parish shall be deemed as part of that county, and shall be subject to the jurisdiction and authority of the deputy lieutenants, ' justices of the peace, and other officers of that county or riding, to all the intents and purposes of this act. to the same jurisdiction.

CXXXIII. And be it enacted, That the inhabitants of the constablery of Craike, a parcel of the county of Durham, surrounded by the north riding county of York, shall serve in the militia for the said north riding; and the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace for the said north riding, shall and are hereby impowered to act in the said constablery.

CXXXIV. And be it enacted, That the inhabitants of that part of the parish of Maker, that lies in the county of Cornwall^ shall serve in, and be trained and exercised with the militia of the county of Cornwall, and shall, to all intents and purposes, be deemed, taken, and accepted as part thereof, the militia of Cornwall, and be deemed part thereof}

CXXXV. And be it enacted, That the inhabitants of the tow n and parish of Wokingham shall serve in, and be trained and exercised with the militia of the county of Berks.

CXXXVI. And be it enacted, That the inhabitants of the township of Filey shall serve in the militia of the east riding of the county of York.

CXXXVII. And be it enacted, That the inhabitants of Threap-wood shall serve in the militia of the county of Flint*and shall be trained and exercised with the militia of the parish of Worthenbury within the said county.

with that of Worthenbury

CXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the inhabitants of and in the parish of Saint Martin, called Stamford Barony in the suburbs of the borough and town of Stamford on the south side of the waters there, called Wellandy shall serve in the militia of the county of Lincoln.

CXXXIX. And be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to the tinners in the counties of Devon and Cornwall; but the lord warden of the stannaries for the time being, in pursuance of his Majesty's commission in that behalf, and such as he shall coftuniffionate and authorize under him,

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III.

may and shall have and use the like powers, and array, aflcfs, arm, muster, and exercise, the said tinners within the said counties, and either of them, as hath been heretofore used, and according to the ancient privileges and customs of the said Aannaries.

CXL. And be it enacted, That his Majesty's lieutenants Lieutenants who are or shall be commissioned for the militia of the city of for London are London, may and shall continue to lift and levy the train b?ndso lift and levy and auxiliaries of the said city, in manner as heretofore. bamdT'as

CXLI. And whereas the militia of the Tower Division in heretofore, the county of Middlesex, commonly known by the name of The Tower Hamlets, is, and always has been, under the command of his Majesty's constable of the Towery or lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, for the service and preservation of that royal fort; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for nis The constable Majesty's said constable, or lieutenant, for the time being, from of the Tower time to time to appoint his deputy lieutenants, and to give "Jj* commissions to a proper number of officers to train and andofficers.to discipline the militia to be raised within and for the said train and dif-division or hamlets, pursuant to an act of the thirteenth ciplinethemi-and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the roller Ham-Second, intituled An act for ordering the forces of the several jitJt pursuant eounties of this kingdom, and to form the same into two regi- to act 13 & 14 ments of eight companies each, in such manner as the said Car-IL which constable, or lieutenant, hath used to do; and also for defraying the necessary charges of trophies, and other incident expences giment*of i of the militia or the same division or hamlets, it shall be lawful companies for his Majesty's laid constable, or lieutenant, to continue to wh; and he raise, in every year, the proportion of a fourth part of one Is1tora, lctro- month's aflelunentof trophy money within the said division nual^de^ or hamlets, in such manner as he nath used to do by virtue fray the ind-and in pursuance of the said act of the thirteenth and fourteenth dent charges years of the reign of King Charles the Second. thereof,

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's said and appoint constable of the Tower, or lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, shall treasurer, appoint a treasurer of the said trophy money, for receiving and paying such monies as shall be levied by virtue of the said act of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second; which said treasurer shall yearly account wll0 ren^ in writing and upon oath, for the same, to the said lieutenant, der upon oath or his deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them 5 which an account oath they shall have power to administer; and which accounts yearly> which for the lame shall be certified to the justices of the peace for the toth* said division at their next general or quarter sessions; and that the quarter fef-(aid constable, or lieutenant, shall not issue out ^warrants for lions} and no raising any trophy money, until the justices of the peace, or money -na3l.bo the major part of them, at such sessions, shall have examined, ^counts of C dated, and allowed, the accounts of the trophy money raised, tj, e preceding levied, and collected, for the preceding year, and certified the years are pa(? lame under the hands and seals of four or more of such justices, fed by thoju* pialess iu case where it shall appear to such justices, that, by rea-

t 4 son

14$ Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

unless by the son of the death of such treasurer, or otherwise, such

trcaalhn: rthe cannot* Pa^ed* iiich accounts cannot he parted.

accoui

The Id. war-

CXLIII. And be it enacted, That the lord warden of t\ den of the cinque ports, two ancient towns and their members*and i an<?h1sPlieut3. ^IS absence, his lieutenant or lieutenants, may and shall pt are to execute in execution within the said ports, towns, and member! therein the all the powers and authorities given and granted by any forms powers grant-^or a&$, ancj may and shall execute and pertorm nil nm ^rmerafts every the things therein contained, in like manner as h.G '1a in like man- jesty's respective lieutenants of counties, and their deputy oilier as the tenants, may do; and may keep up and continue the 12: 1: 2 Ws* lieuts. number of soldiers in the said ports, towns, and members, un-of counter8^he or the Y cause to lessen the same; and tire militia d may do; and the said ports, towns, and members, shall remain fepurats may continue from the tnditia of the several counties within which the idd theufoalnum- ports, towns, and members, are situate; any thing herein cou-therein and* ta*ne<* to contrary notwithstanding: and that it shall and the militia maybe lawful for the lord warden, or his lieutenant or )L'u-thereofisto tenants, in pursuance of orders from his Majesty, his heirs, remain fepa- and successors, and in the manner prescribed by anact made in Stheamnties thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Chain; he wherein they Second* intituled An act for ordering the forces in the feerd are situate; counties of this kingdom, notwithstanding one or more monihs py and they may advanced be not reimbursed, to raise and draw out the soldiers into actual service, and to cause the persons charged as by the nee of orders^to provide their soldiers with pay in hand, not ex- from the King, ceeding one month's pay, in such manner, as if all the pay conformable advanced and provided had been reimbursed; and to use the ^ihCcir°II3 Powers> to array, assess, and arm, muster, and ex-the mibtia*ercife the said soldiers, and to make assessments, and iflfus war-thereof, not- rants for the assessments made or to be made for raising any withstanding trophy money, and for defraying the necessary charges cf vanceYbenot anc* ot^er incident expences of the militia of the said

reimbursed*ports, towns, and members, as hath been heretofore ufc<f, and provide* and according to their ancient privileges and customs \ any thing

the soldiers in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding. with a month's

pay 5n hand; and may exercise the usual powers for arraying, assessing, 'arming, and exercising, See. the men, and raising trophy money, See.

All former militia acts are repealed, except in cases subjected to provirtons in the said acts;

md nothing in this act is to vacate any

CXLIV. And be it enacted, That all former acts relating to the raising of the militia withip that part of Great Britain called England, and the dominions of Wales> shall, from and after the passing this act, be, and are hereby repealed, except in such cases as are herein specially directed to be subject to the provisions of the said former acts, or any of them; and the militia raised by virtue of the said former acts, shall be subject to all the same provisions and regulations as the militia directed to be raised by virtue of this act are subjededto.

CXLV. And be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall in any wise extend to annul or ipaKe void any thing

[1761. Anno secundo Georgii III.49

already done in pursuance of the former acts relating to the militia forces, or any of them, or to prevent the com- thefbrmer pleating any proceedings already commenced in pursuance of acts; or pre-the said acts. vent any proceedings commenced in pursuance thereof. Where in

CXLVI. And whereas in the several counties, ridings, pursuance of or places, where the militia has been already raised, several tb? former precepts have issued for the returning lifts of the names of ha^been several persons liable to serve in the militia, many of which lifts raised, and have been returned, and several proceedings had thereon, in precepts if-pursuance of the laws for the better ordering of the militia forces sued for re-of that part of Great Britain called England: and whereas it anp"^eed-is necemry that some provision Should he made to impower ings had the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace in their respect thereon, the the subdivisions, and the justices of the peace in the said fe- dep. lieuts. vend counties, ridings, and divisions, in that part of Great ^topr* Britain called England, to proceed on such lifts, and other matters relative thereto; be it therefore enacted, That the said aftsdirett, in deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace may and shall con- execution of tinue to act and put in force the several acts of parliament made in the thirtieth, thirty first, thirty second, and thirty third, subsequent to years of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the first year of such precepts, the reign of his present Majesty, relating to the better ordering and the lifts of the militia forces, and the piy thereof, in that part of Great Britain called England, in all matters and things subsequent cd hereon to the precepts so ifhied, and the lifts returned or to be return*- and levy the ed thereon; and that the justices of the peace of the said several fines and pe-counties, ridings, and places, may and shall cause to be levied the fines, penalties, and forfeitures, already incurred, or which account, as may be incurred, in pursuance of the said militia law9, as are thbfc laws in and by the said laws directed; any thing in this act to the direct. contrary notwithstanding.

CXLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any suit Limitation of or suits, action or actions, shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the action or actions, suit or suits, shall be commenced within six calendar months after the fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the county where such action or actions, suit or suits, did arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such suit or suits, action or General issue. actions, to be brought, may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence: and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in such suit or suits, action or actions; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be non-suited, or discontinue his or their suit or suits, action or actions, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon demurrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs; the defendant or defendants shall have treble -

cods, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant Trcblccottg-or defendants hath or have in other cases to recover costs by law.

This act to be in force for 7 years.

[Preamble.]

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

CXLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the an thority aforesaid, That this a & shall continue and be in foro for the space of seven years, and from thence to the end of thi then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXI.

An act for pavings cleansing, and lighting, the squares, streets and lanes, within the city and liberty of Westminster3 the parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that part c) the parish of Saint Andrew's Holborn which lies in the county of Middlesex, the several liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that part of the duteby of Lancaster which lies in the county of Middlesex, and for preventing annoyances therein \ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the several squares, streets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Westminster, the parish es of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that part of the parish of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies in the county of Middlesex, the several liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that part of the dutchy of Xancaster which lies in the county of Middlesex, are in general, very ill paved and cleansed and not duly lighted: and whereas the present methods prescrib-sd by law for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said squares, streets, and lanes, are ineffectual: and whereas it would tend greatly U the benefit and safety of the inhabitants of the said squares, streets, and lanes, and of all persons passing through the same, if the pavements thereof were properly laid and regulated, and the said squares, fir ecu, and lanes, kept clean, free from obstructions, and annoyances, and duly lighted: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it my be enacted, and be it enacted, &c. &c.

Commissioners appointed for carrying this act into execution — 15* or more, at their first meeting, to elett by ballot xo other perfous to be also.

ciated to them in the trulf.-11, or more, giving 14. days notice, may

fill up vacancies occasioned by the death, or refusal to act, of any of the of, except of such as are ex officio Commissioners holding' any office, or interested in any contract under the trust, are disqualified from aftinv as such. — 3, or more, are to hold their first meeting at Westminster bridge office, on the Thursday sevennight after passing the a&; and they are then to adjourn, and meet afterwards; as they shall think proper. On failure of a fuflident number of of at any meeting to a# and adjourn, the clerk is to appoint another meeting, gif ing to days notice; or, on his death, neglect or refusal, % of may appoint one: they are to bear their own expences at all their meetings. — Qualification of of, joo 1. per annum, or 10, 000l. &c. — Penalty toe/, on their acting, if not qualified, and they are to prove their qualification, if prosecuted, or pay the penalty. - — it, or more, at their second or any subsequent meeting may appoint one, or more clerks, treasurers, and receivers 5 and also surveyors $ and such other officers as they, or any 7 or more of them, shall think necessary; yaking proper security; and they may remove them, and appoint others. Rates to be paid to toe yeceivers. Officers, and others, to render an account upon oath, at the times and in the manner, 7 or more of shall difcftj and pay

orcr

1761.1 A.nno secundo Georgii III.

over the money in their hands to the order of 5 or more of — 2 of may administer the oath $ and any person refuting to render such an account, or to verity the same, or to produce and deliver up the vouchers, and pay over the ballance, Sec. may be sued, by action brought in the names of a or more of, or complaint may be broagbt against him before a or more justices, who are impowered to hear and determine the matter in a summary way; and to levy by distress and foie the money, that shall appear to be in such persons hands; and for want of lufecient distress, to commit such offender, until he render an account and payment, or shall compound with 5 or more of, and hive paid the covnpotition, or delivered up the writings, Sec. 11 or more, of may appoint officers salaries, and make allowance to such

others as have aidecl or assisted the execution of this act.--- Officers

taking any fee or reward, other than their salaries, for doing their duty, or being concerned in interest in any bargain made by the commissioners for the purposes of this act, are disqualified from ever serving, 01 being

employed under this act, and forfeit also 100l.--Treasurer to pay over,

from time to time, the monies he receives, as soon as the same amount to 300 L into the bank, in the name of the commissioners; which is to be

disposed of by an order of 5, or more, of them.--3, or more, commis-

so»er» are impowered from time to time, to order any of the publitk fouares, streets and lanes, within the said city, being thoroughfares for

whed-carriages, See. to be paved, altered, cleansed, and lighted, Sec.--

and atfo such gravel, ffones, and other materials, to be dug out of, or brought into the same, and such artificers and workmen to be employed, and money issued; and all other acts conducive to the designs of this act,

to be done, as they shall think fit.-Clause in the act 5 Eliz. repealed,

with respect to persons employed in consequence of this act, in paving, &c. Five, or more, of may contract for the paving, cleansing, and lighting the squares and streets, See. giving 14. days previous notice for persons to deliver in proposals. — Contrafters for cleaning the streets may, by leave and order of two or more justices, and making satisfaction, lodge their dirt, for the accommodation of country carts, in such places as shall not appear to be intended to be built upon.--3, or more,

of may order all works done in pursuance of this act, to be inspected by their surveyor 5 and where any shall be found not well and duly performed, may sue the contractors for the penalties; to be applied for the purposes of this act. — - Agreement between landlord and tenant tooching the paving, lighting, and cleansing the streets, not vacated by this act; but the rates made by the of are to be paid in lieu thereof; and all disputes concerning such agreements are to be settled by

5 or more of.--- Commissioners, or persons authorized by them, may inspect and take copies of the books kept for cleansing, paving,

or lighting the streeta and places in London, Westminster, or Middlesex.-

Property of all materials for the purposes of this act veited in the commimoners: 3 may bring actions, or prefer indictments against any persons who shall (leal any part thereof; and persons wilfully damaging the same, forfeit for the i ft offence, not exceeding 40 s. nor less than 10 8. and for the id and every other offence, not exceeding 31 nor less than aos. to be levied by distress and sale; and for want ot distress, the offender to be committed to the house of correction, not exceeding two months, nor less

than 10 days. --5 or more of may fell the old materials, and

apply the money to the purposes of this act. — Pavements taken up by the workmen of any of the water companies, are to be repaired by the commissioners paviour, at the expence of such company; but where any of the pipes or plugs shall be raised, sunk, or altered for the purposes of

this act, the expences shall be defrayed out of the rates.-5 or more of the of may contract with the said companies for relaving such pavements. — Pavements taken up by the of of (ewers are

to be relaid, at their expence, by the of paviour.-5 or more

commissioners may contract with the commissioners of sewers for relaying such pavements. — No alteration to be made in the form of the streets, & without the consent of 5 or more of, on penalty of 5l.

over

>5*

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

over and above all expences of re-instating the same.-5, 000l. to be issue

and applied out of the aids granted to his Majesty for the service of th year 1761, to be paid to 5 or more of, or to their order, an

applied in new paving l., said squares, streets, and lanes.-Receiver t

account quarterly to the of, copies of the said accounts, andc the proceedings of the of, to be delivered in every iefcions t

parliament, within 30 days after the opening.--- Penalty of laying afb<

or other annoyances in the streets, before the fcav&nger comes to can-away the same, is for the ill offence «s. for the ad 10 s. and for the 3

and every other offence 10 s.--- Obstruction, nuifence, or incroachmen

occasioned by setting out any carriages, timber, or other material, matter or thing in the ilreets, See. or by carts. See. suffered to remain kmge therein than is necessary for the loading or unloading thereof, may be re moved, by order of 3 of upon complaint thereof, at the charge

of the offender, he paying moreover a sum not exceeding 40 s.---- N<

inclosure for building or repairing houses, to be made in any of the Ilreets, Sec. which shall be compleated by virtue of this a ft, without the consent of 3 or more of, on penalty of forfeiting, not exceeding so s. for every 11 hours such nuisance shall remain. - A rate, not exceeding 1 s. 6d. in the pound to be made on all houses, dec. by 5 or snore of, half yearly or oftener, for defraying the expences of paving, repairing, deanfing, and lighting the streets, to be ascertained by the poor-rate of the respective parishes, and to be paid quarterly.--Re-

ceivers authorized by an order of 3 or more of, may insped the parish books concerning their poor's-rate 3 and take copies thereof. — Where houses are lett out in lodgings to divers tenants, the owners are to be assessed j but the rate may be levied on the occupiers, which is to be allowed them in their relit.--Where houses. See. shall be empty, untc-

nanted or unoccupied, the owners are to be charged with one half of the said rates, and the premisses are to remain a fecunty for the arrears. — Where houses, See. are occupied by foreign ministers, or others not liable by law to pay the rates, the owners are to pay the same 3 and the premilTers to remain a security for the arrears; and an action may be brought

against the owner.--Tenants and occupiers are to pay the rates, and

deduct the proportion paid on account of the owner or proprietor out of

their relit.--- All publick buildings, dead walls, and void spaces of

ground to be rated by the square yard.--- The rates for parish churches,

chapels, and church-yards, to be paid by the church or chapel-wardens;

and for other places, by the respective proprietors.--- Where the rates

shall not be paid within 10 days after demand, the receiver by warrant of two justices, with the assistance of a constable, may levy the same, with a/J

charges, by distress and sale.--All the monies raised and appropriated

by this act are vested in the of, to be applied for the purposes of the act only. — Penalties and forfeiture* in general to be levied by distress and sale, by warrant of a justice, and to be paid to the comrr.il-(ioners treasurer. — Ballance of money received, and not paid over at the time of the receiver's death, is to be paid by the execotors of the deceastd's estate 3 and the receipt of 3 or more commissioners is a sufficient difeharee for the same; but on nonpayment within si days after demanded, the treasurer may sue the executors.* — Where persons shall quit their houses, See. before they have paid the rates, the receiver by warrant of a justices for Middlesex, or city and liberty of Westminster, (the lame being first backed by same magistrate for the place, where the distress is to be made) may levy the rates, and all charges by distress and sale. — No rate to be made upon any place, till the pavement is compleated 3 and all contrafti before made (except between landlord and tenant) for paving, cleinsing, or lighting the streets are then to cease. Persons paying to these rates am exempted from all other charges and penalties on account thereof. — As (bon as any rate shall be made by virtue of this act, the owners or occupiers of houses, See. assessed thereto, are discharged from payment of like

rates made in pursuance of former acts.--- Inhabitants of St Jams't

Square, being included in an act of ix Gee. II. Uneolns btn Fields, in an act Qt 2 Geo. II, and Golden Square, in an act of 24 Gw. II. are exempted out of

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 15j

this act. — This act not to extend to such parts of streets, &c. as are already dirtied to be paved, lighted, or clean fed, by any road aft $ nor to titans Yard, and places adjoining to the south and west doors of Westminster

ithejf.-Seven or more of may make a new passage, or

dden the old one, from Drury Lane into Great Queen Street, at the Devil's tie}] and purchase houses and ground for that purpose, &c. not exceeding \ in number; and if they make a new one, may inclose and fell the old ullage for building upon j and may pave, repair, and cleanse the same, in like manner as the squares and streets, See. before mentioned. — No part of the rate, or money granted by parliament, to be applied in the purchase of the said houses or ground. — Persons aggrieved, where no «her method of relief is appointed, may appeal to the quarter sessions within three months; giving is days notice of such appeal to the clerk or treasurer, and entering into recognizance, with security, to try the same, fcc. justices to determine such appeal in a summary way, ?nd awar£ colls. — Distress not to be deemed unlawful, nor the party making it a trespasser, for want of form in the proceedings; nor the party distraining

2 trespasser ab initio, on account of any subsequent irregularity.-Party

to recover full satisfaction only for the damage, in an action on the case: but where fufRcient tender shall have been made, before the action brought, the plaintiff is not to recover. Defendant, with leave, may pay money

into court, See.-Contrafts and other writings not chargeable with any

duty.--- Orders and proceedings of the of to be entered in

books, and signed by the clerk j which may be produced and read in evidence.--- No act of the of valid, unless done at a publicly

meeting.--Proceedings against offenders not liable to be quafned for

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

want of form; or removeable by certiorari. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XXII.

An act for the keeping regular, uniform, and annual re-pfters, of all parish poor infants under a certain age9 within the hills of mortality.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the keeping regular, uniform, and annual regi-

Jlers, of all parish poor infants under four years of age, within the bills of mortality, may be a means of preferring the lives if ftuh infants; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may A register It enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellentbook- Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiri- ]j!^ tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affem- by ijulj, 9bled, and by the authority of the same, That the church- 176a > wardens and overseers of the poor of every parish within the bills of mortality, or some one or more of them, shall, on or before the first day of July, in the present year one thousand That for any (evenhundred and sixty two, provide, or cause to be provided, ^there Ua" at the expence of their respective parish, one book of royal paper; workhouse, and the book belonging to such respective parish wherein there See. is to be is or shall be any workhouse, hospital, or other house or place led and provided for the maintenance of the poor, shall, in every page, n-

be ruled with distinct columns, and the title of each column according to shall be wrote or printed in such page, agreeable to the sche- the annexed dulc hereunto annexed, marked (A) 5 and the book belonging schedule to each respective parish wherein there is not, nor shall be, any h "

such work-house, hospital-house, or place, shall in every page, there isno such be ruled with distinct columns, and the title of each column workhouse, shall be wrote or printed in such page, agreeable to the schedule &c. according

*> <B>.

15+ Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

All infants IJ. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thi the said churchwardens and overseers of the poor, or some on inany or more them, shall enter, or cause to be entered, in the bool such work- J belonging to their respective parish, and provided in pursuano house, See. of this act, all the infants under the age of four years, whicl or under the on ^jjC said first day of July^ shall be in the workhouse or work church war- houses, hospital or hospitals, or other house or houses, place o;

dens orover- places, provided for the maintenance of the poor of each parift seers of the respectively, or under the care of the said churchwardens or overly °*\the of the poor, with the times when they were received, theiz flwdljbieitter'd names» age> an^ whatever description relates to them as far as therein agree- can be traced, being agreeable to the schedules annexed, able to the said

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from

Schedules*and after the first day of July, all infants under the age of as shall also all four years, who shall be brought to any work-house, or hof- S!dlS|UneCr P*ta* -house, or place provided for the maintenance of the poor, which ftudfbe or be under the care of the said churchwardens or overseers of brought to the the poor in their respective parishes, or any of them, shall be, workhouse, by the said churchwardens or overseers or the poor, or some Se^c-ire of one or more t^lem> or by the direction or command of some the church- one or more of them, entered regularly in the book aforesaid, wardens, after with the times of their admittance, and all circumstances re-the said day. lating to them, agreeable to the titles and heads of the columns in the said schedules mentioned and set forth.

The first an-

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, nualregisteris That the first annual register hereby intended and directed to on thTlkid? kept, commence on the said first day of July, and shall July9 cnd end on the thirty first day of December ensuing; and, after that on 31 Dec. en- time, the said annual register shall commence the first day of femgi and^ January, and end the thirty first day of December following.

commence on x Jan. and end on 31 Dec. following.

At the expi- V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ration of each after the expiration of each year, the names of all the infants year, all in- unjer four years of age, then living and registered in the said atetafoi^said e annua^ registers, and not discharged from being under the care then living of the churchwardens and overseers of the poor, shall be trans-and register'd, ferred to the registers for the year ensuing, under their proper and not dif- dates of reception, and under the description in which they be translerr'd ^anc*n preceding registers, previous to any further entTy; to the register so that each annual register shall contain a full and distinct re-for the ensuing gifter of the whole number of infants under the age above-men-year, previous tioned, under the care of the parish at that time, as well as the entry*UIther children received under the said age, in the current year, with-y*out being intermixed or blended with the deaths or discharges

of any in the preceding years, and be signed

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said annual registers, and every of them, shall be signed within thirty days after the expiration of each respective year, by the vestry, or any five of them, and by the churchwardens, overseers* vestry clerk, and matter of the woik-house, for thp tufif tyjing j ^d wh?rj ^erg is no vestry

by the vestry churchwardens, overseers, vestry clerk, and

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 155

or vestry clerk, by the churchwardens, overseers, and master master of the of the workhouse; and where there is no master of the work- ^rc tlwe house, by the churchwardens and overseers of the poor. m

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Infantsrccciv^ That in case any infant is received into the workhouse, or ed before bap-under the care of the said churchwardens or overseers of the tized, or poor, before the said infant is baptized, or known to be baptized, due care shall be taken to baptize the same within four- baptizedwith-teen days after the reception of such infant, so that the chris- in 14 days tian and the true surname, if known, and if not known, a fur* after; name to be given by the churchwardens and overseers of the poor, ?nd be named, or any one of them, be regularly entered in the said book; and by"hechurch-the name and surname of such infant shall also be registered wardens and in the parish register of such parish: and in case of a difficulty overseers and of distinguishing children, some proper mark shall be affixed "gifter'd ac-to the child's cloaths, or hung round his or her neck. and they may

be distinguished by affixing some mark to them.

Vni. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Children That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed whole parents to extend, to such children whose parents receive money receive money from the parish in aid of the maintenance and support of H^towards" such children, they not being in the workhouse or other parish their support, house. are no tine] ud-

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, cc* mtheatf. That a copy of the said register wrote up, from time to time, c°P3f of the shall, every month, be laid by the vestry clerk, or other person bHnid month-appointed for that purpose, before the respective vestries, or other iy before the parochial meetings assembled in vestry, that the same may be veitiy $ revised by them.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and at the end

the said copy of the register being compleated at the end of the of every year,

year, shall be deposited in the vestry room, or other place ofa coWhe J, r. J r t r r«r n year to be de-

parochial meetings, to remain there for the use of the vestry- in the

men, or other parochial meetings. vestry room

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, and the origi*

That the original register book shall remain and be carefully nal is to be preserved and kept with the rest of the parish books in the hands preserved with of the parish officers for the time being..boolwT

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, and f'nccj co-That all the respective parishes within the bills of mortality pies of the fe-

Sf the hand of their vestry clerk, or, where there is no vestry veralregisters erk, by the hands of the churchwardens, or one of them,?r the shall, on or before the fifteenth day of February in every year, ^tefbe dedeliver fair copies of their respective registers of children under liveredyearly the age of four years, signed in manner hereby directed, into by 15 Feb* to the hands of the clerk of the master, wardens, and court of tJje c*erk ot assistants of the company of parish clerks, or such person as the [ said master, wardens, and court of assistants of the said company clerks \

shall appoint, he returning a receipt for the same signed by himielt. for which he

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,3 to give a That the said clerk^ or otl^er person appointed by the said

tahe^a°copie

to be bound up in alphabetical orderj

and make out from thence one general abstract, by »5 March, yearly j and deposit the said abstract bound up with the remitters, with the mailer and war-. dens of the ompany; and be is to print the said ab fir aft, and deliver 6 copies thereof, for the use of each parish, to the respective

for all which he is to be paid by each such vestry clerk, or churchwarden, on delivery of the fa.vl copies,

15 s. patting a reaeipt for the same.

Churchwardens and other? neglecting their duty in the premises, forfeit to the informer 40 s. for every offence,

to be recovered by distress and fate, by warrant of a Justice.

Anno secundo Georgii III. £17*

master, wardens, and court of assistants of the said compaj shall receive the said copies of registers, and cause the same to bound in a book, collecting and ranging together the registers the ninety seven parishes within the wails of the city ot Land those of the seven teen parishes without the walls of the city London, those of the twenty three parishes in Middlesex a Surrey, and those of the ten parishes in the city and liberty Westminster, in alphabetical order; and in this order he fha on or before the twenty fifth day of March in every year, ma out, or cause to be made out, one general abstract of the fan

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaidThat the said registers of the respective parishes, together wi the said general abstract, being bound in a book togethe shall remain deposited in the hands and custody of the fa master, wardens, and court of assistants of the said company parish clerks.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said clerk, or other person appointed by the fai master, wardens, and court of assistants of the said company < parish clerks, shall print, or cause to be printed, the said general abstract, and deliver fix copies thereof to every vestry clerk or to one of the churchwardens, of all the respective parishe within the bills of mortality, for the use of the parishioners an parish officers.

vestry clerks or churchwardens 5

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That for and in consideration of the expence and trouble of receiving the said copies of registers, making an exact abstrac thereof, binding the registers and abstracts in a book to remaii as a depositary of the same, printing the general abstract distributing the copies thereof, with other contingent expences relating to the same, each parish, shall, by the hand of the vestry clerk or churchwarden, pay into the hands of the clerk or other person appointed by the said master, wardens and court of assistants or the said company of parish clerks, the sum of fifteen shillings at the time the said copies of regiften are delivered to him, he passing a receipt for the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any churchwarden, overseer of the poor, vestrymar^ clerk of the vestry, master of the workhouse, master or warden of such company of parish clerks, or any clerk of such company, or any other person or persons, shall neglect his duty as directed in and by this act, such churchwarden, overseer of the poor, clerk of the vestry, or master of the workhouse, maftet or warden of such company of parish clerks, or such clerk of such company, person or persons, shall, for every offence, forfeit and pay to the informer the sum of forty millings; to be recovered before any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, and to be levied by aiftrefs and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and seal of such justice before whom the same shall be recovered, directed to any constable or other peace officer.

1 - - nu accordingttp

mi shipping and navigation; and in the same manner as aft t % CWF iay be imported from Europe into New England and New- and wi, by an act made in the fifteenth year of the reign of 2inn€?

I. XXV. M the "!?

ANNUAL REGISTER of the PARISH of

Name of the Child. If a Foundling, mark F If a Ballard - B A

If a Casualty C

If the lame Child is reputed. Years Y

taken a Second Time,

mark the Second Entry Months M

of the Name a If a Third Time - - 3 Ur. Days D

If bororPiflf the W,

house, Vkce.

ed by distress and Tale, by warrant of a justice.

.. I.!: i

recovered before any one oi ms majesty s j and to be levied by distress and sale of the g the offender, by virtue of a warrant under such justice before whom the same shall b to any constable or other peace officer.

76i-1

Anno secundo Georgii III.

tit

CAP. XXIII.

An act to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify

/elves for offices and employments., and to indemnify justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of the,

or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their

qualifications within the time limited by, for

giving further time for those purposes; and for the making

and filing of affidavits of articles of

PREAMBLE, reciting the Qualifying acts of i Geo. I. 13 Car. II.5 Car. II. 30 Car. II. iS Geo. II. 30 Geo. II. and 31 Geo. II. further time to the 1 % Nov. 176*, allowed to persons who have omitted to qualify them* selves as the said laws direct.-Persons qualifying themselves in manner, and within the time appointed, recapacitated and indemnified.-

Offices, Uc. already voided by judgment of a court, and filled up, confirmed.--- None indemnified, where final judgment hath been given for the penalty incurred. — Further time to the iS Nov. 1761, allowed for making and filing affidavits of elerkfixip, omitted to be made and filed in due time.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for importing salt from Europe into the colony of Nova Scotia in America.

WHEREAS doubts have arilen % whether his Majesty's

jests may lawfully import salt directly from any foreign port in Europe into the colony of Nova Scotia in America for the use of the fishery there, in like manner as is allowed for the fisheries of New England and Newfoundland, by virtue of an act of parliament made in the fifteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second: and whereas very considerable establishments have lately been made in the said colony byfishermen from different parts of his Maiejifs dominionj, with a view to carry on the fishery upon the adjacent banks; in order therefore to remove such doubts as aforesaid, and for the encouragement of Jo valuable a branch of the commerce of his Majestfs subjects, which was one principal object of the settlement of this colony, and of the encouragement given by parliament for the support of such fettfement, May it please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the froth and aflee lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present 1 July, 17$».

fiarliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That salt may be from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, it shall and may be lawful to and for any fabjefts from of his Majesty's subjects to carry and import salt from any part any part of of Europe into the colony of Nova Scotia in America, in British Europe into ships and vessels, manned and navigated according to the act ZaS^ttdr of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of King fci8> navigated Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouraging and according to increasing of shipping and navigation; and in the same manner as aft Car. II, salt may be imported from Europe into New England and New- and in li, ce foundlandy by an act made in the fifteenth ye^r of the reign of ^mVy be V01. XXV. M the 7

16z Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

imported from the said King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouragement of trade; any law, Statute, usage, or custom to the ^wtxgkma, contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXV.

An act for naturalizing such foreign frotefiants as have served* or shall serve for the time therein mentioned, as officers or soldiers in his Majestfs royal American regiment y or as engineers in America.

[Preamble,

WHEREAS by an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign reciting acts of his late Majesty King George the Second* intituled* 44 & 13 Geo. II, 44 act for naturalizing such foreign protestants* and others therein mentioned* as are settled* or shall settle* in any of his Majestfs colonies in America all persons born out of the legiance of his Majesty* his heirs* and successors* who shall have inhabited and resided* or shall inhabit or reside* for the space of [even years* or more, in any of his Majestfs colonies in America, or shall not have been absent out of the said colonies* for a longer space than two months at any one time during the said seven years* are* upon the conditions preferred by the said act* naturalized and made partakers of au the benefits and privileges which the natural-born /objects of this realm do enjoy* other than such as are specified in a proviso in the said act contained: and whereas commissions have been granted to a certain number of foreign protestants % n America, in pursuance of a power and »$ Geo. II. g{vin by a subfequenO act of the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the second* intituled* 44 An act to enable his Majesty to grant commissions to a certain number of foreign pro- testants* who have served aboard as officers or engineers* to act and rank as officers or engineers in America only* under certain refiric- tiens and qualifications fwhich said officers have been very useful to his Majestfs service* by the raijrng of a great number of men* and training them to discipline as soldiers: and whereas several of the said officers* fmee the passing of the above recited acts* have purchased estates in America, by which* as well as by their faithfulservices, they have given theftrongeft afjurances of their attachment and fidelity to his Majestfs government: and whereas it is just to reward the pajl services of the said officers and soldiers* and to give encouragement for their future good conduct*and it is likewise expedient to add inducements to such foreign protestants as have settled* or may hereafter settle* in America, to engage in his Majestfs service*be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and Foreign pro- 'with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, testants tery- and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the higin ti|C.authority of the same, That all such foreign protestants, as well r^reriment °cers as soldiers, who have served, or shall hereafter serve, or as engineers in the royal American regiment, or as engineers in America* for In America, for the space of two years, and shall take and subscribe the oaths, the space of % and make, repeat, and subscribe the declaration appointed by yca!Vnd an a<^ ma<*e m Ac' first year of the reign of his Majesty King themselves ai George the First, intituled An act for the further security of his the acti Geo. !' Majesty's

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 163

Majestys person and government, and the successton of the crown in the heirs of tie late princess Sophia, being protestants \ and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, his open and secret abettors; and shall, at the time of subscribing the said oaths, and making, repeating, and subscribing the said declaration, produce certificates, signed in manner diredfced by the above recited act of the thirteenth of his late Majesty, of their having andprodudng received the sacrament in same protestant and reformed con- certificates ot gregation within the kingdom of Great Britain, or within some thei^ of the said colonies in America, within six months before that raiment in time, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, his Ma- some protest-jesty*s natural-born subjects of this kingdom, to all intents, ant church, constructions, and purposes, as if they, and every of them, hid to* been or were born within this kingdom; and that no estates, rn

of what nature or kind ibever, purchased by them, or any of and a 1 pur-them, in any of his Majesty's colonies in America, since the chafes made passing of the above recited act of the twenty ninth year of the bY the J since reign of his said late Majesty, shall be liable to seizure into the a^ao Geo. II. hands of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, or their titles decided to be thereto be otherwise impeached by reason of their having been valid, aliens at the time of their making the said purchases; the above recited acts, or any other Statute, law, or thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority None are to be

aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or deemed natu-be construed to extend, to naturalize any person or persons ralized by this whatsoever, who, by virtue of an act maae in the fourth year act» wll°i by of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First (intituled, dedared' An act to explain a clause in an act made in the seventh year of the not to inti-reign of her late Majesty £)ueen Anne, for naturalizing foreign tuled to the protestants, which relates to the children of natural-born subjects of benefit of the the crown ^England, or of Great Britain) are declared and enacted not to be intituled to the benefit of the said act of the

seventh year of her said Majesty's reign; but that all such persons shall be and remain in the same state, plight, and condition, to all intents, constructions, and purposes whatsoever, as they would have been in if this act had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no per- natu-

son who shall become a natural-born subject of this kingdom ra!ized by this by virtue of this act, shall be thereby enabled to be of the privy act, not there-council, or a member of either house of parliament, or to be by capable of capable of taking, having, or enjoying, any office or place of

trust within the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, either civil members of or military; or of having, accepting, or taking any grant from either house the crown to himself, or to any other in trust for him, of any of parliament lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the kingdoms aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any °n Q^t9wise notwithstanding. § tam ox Inland,

Ma

164 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

[Preamble.]

from and after the4june, 1761, persons tiling, letting out to hire, lending, or navigating, &c. bum boats, or other boats.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for allowing further time for inrollments of deeds wills made by papijlsi and for relief of protestant chafers.

PREAMBLE reciting the act 3 Geo. I. — 10 Geo. I.--and 3, j

it, is, 16, x^ Geo. II.6 Geo. II.8 Geo. II. — 31 Geo. II. anef 5 Geo. II. further time given for inrolling deeds and wills of papiib, tdl 05c!

December, 1761.-No deed, will, or lease, made good hereby, trheaneo

advantage has been taken of the non-inrollment thereof, before sjtk IXf

eember % 1761.--Purchases made by protellants shall stand good, if ra

advantage has been taken for non^inrollment.-No grant, lease, a

mortgage, of the advowson, or right of presentation to a living. See made by any papist in trull, See, to be hereby deemed good.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for enabling the judges of the court of session in Scotland to make an adjournment of the said court far, such time, betwixt the twentieth day of December and the fifteenth day of January, yearly, as they shall judge mofi convenient, not exceeding twenty days.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act to prevent the committing of thefts and frauds by persons navigating bum boats, and other boats, upon the river Thames.

WHEREAS many ill-disposed persons, using and navigating upon the river Thames certain boats commonly called bum boats, and other vessels, under pretence of felling liquors of different forts \ and also fops, tobacco, brooms, fruit, greens, gingerbread and other such-like ware and things, to and amongst the fearners and labourers employed in and about ships, vessels, and other craft there, do frequently take occasion to cut, damage, and spoil the cordage, cables, buoys, and buoy ropes, and the headfafts and other fasts belonging to such ships, vessels, and craft, and fraduUntty carry away the same \ likewise encourage such seamen and labourer# to dispose of such cordage, cables, and buoys, and such goods, merchandizes, materials, and Jlores, secretly and unlawfullyv whereby great Losses are sustained by merchants, and owners of such fhibs, vessels, and other craft, in the said river: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, if any person or persons shall use, lett out to hire, lend, or navigate, or shall be aiding or affiftingin ufingor navigating upon the said river, any bum boat, or other boat, for the purpose of felling, bartering, exchanging, or exposing to sale, to and amongst the seamen and labourers employed in and about ships, vessels, and other craft, any liquors, flops, tobacco.

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III.

co, brooms, or any fruit, greens, gingerbread, or other such-like ware; or shall fell, barter, exchange, or expose to sale as aforesaid, any sort of liquor, or any flops, tobacco, brooms, or any fniit, greens, gingerbread, or other such-like ware or things in, from, or out of^ any bum boat, or other boat (other than and except such bum boats and other boats and vessels, as shall be entered in the office of the mailer, wardens, and af-(istants of the guild, fraternity, or brotherhood, of the moll glorious and undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement in the parish of Deptford Strond in the county of Kent, in manner herein after mentioned, and shall be used and navigated for the purposes aforesaid, in the day-time, between sun-rising and sun-setting only) or if any person or persons shall take in exchange, or by way of barter, or shall unlawfully receive, or procure to be delivered to them, any ropes, cordage, tackle, apparel, furniture, (lores, materials, or any part of any cargo or loading of any ships or vessels in the said river, all and every such person or persons respectively shall, upon conviction thereof before any justice or justices of the peace of and within any county, city, division, liberty, or place adjoining to the said river, upon the oath of one or more credible person or persons, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor; and it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to apprehend and detain all persons then on board such boat, and also to seize, search, and detain, in some place of safety, such boat, and the tackle, apparel, and furniture, and loading thereof; and the person and persons so apprehended shall be (as soon as conveniently may be) conveyed before such justice or justices of the peace as aforesaid; and such boat, with the said tackle, apparel, furniture, and loading thereof, shall, upon such conviction as aforesaid, be forfeited and disposed of as is herein after mentioned.

(ons conveyed before a justice; and the boat, with her furniture and such conviction shall be forfeited.

*6$

on the river, for the purpose of felling liquors, Hops, tobacco, brooms, gingerbread, or garden ware,

except such boats as shall be entered at the office of the Trinity house, See, and persons taking in exchange, or by way of barter, or unlawfully receiving, JUc, any ropes, cordage, goods, floors# or merchandize, of vessel* in the river; being convicted before a justice shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor $ and the boat, with those on board, may be seized and search ed, and the per- lacting, upon

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, every bum boat, or other boat whatsoever, used and navigated for the purposes aforesaid, upon the said river between London Bridge and the Lower Hope Point, shall be entered by the owner or owners thereof with the master, wardens, and assistants at their office at the Trinity house, in Water Lane, London, specifying the name or names, and place or places of abode of such owner or owners; to the intent that the said master, wardens, and assistants may register every such entry, and deliver in writing to such owner or owners a number to be marked on one or more part or parts of every such bum boat, or other boat; and every such owner or owners shall cause the number so delivered to be forthwith marked, together with his, her, or their christian and surname or names, and place or places of abode, upon such part or parts of the said boat so entered as aforesaid, in such manner as the said master, wardens, and assistants shall, from time to time, direct


Bum boats# and others, used upon the river for the purposes a-toresaid, are to be entered by the owners'at the office of the Trinity house in Water Lane, and a number thereupon is to be given them,

to be marked# with their christian and fumames and place of '

abode# on

166

the said boats, as the Triiut]

company direct.

A frdh entry is to be made, and every thing else to be done, as above directed, by the new owner, every time the property of inch boat

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

and appoint, in pursuance of the authorities and directions herein after given for that purpose.

III. Provided also, That every time, and so often as the property of any such bum boat, or other boat, shall be varied or altered, the new owner or owners shall forthwith make a fresh entry of the same, and cause the number delivered in pursuance thereof to be marked on the said boat, together with his, her, or their christian and fumame or names, and place or places of abode, upon such part or parts of the said boat, and in like manner as is herein before directed, at the first entering of any such boat.

shall be altered.

The said com-

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said matter, war-pany is to re- dens, and aftittants, shall, and they are hereby impowered and ctfter all such re(luired» to receive and remitter every such entry in a book or entries, and roll to provided and kept for that purpose, and to deliver out a deliver out number, in writing, to such owner or owners, to be marked

numbers to on Gne or more part or parts of such boat, in such manner as

tte oats °n* directed and appointed in pursuance of this a<£i; for the upon being registering which entry, and delivering out such number, the

paid 5s.for sum of five shillings shall be paid, and no more; and the said

th* lame > matter, wardens, and assistants, are hereby authorized and im-to make* Powere(^ toake and receive the same, and, from time to time, orders, &c. to ma^c such orders, rules, and regulations, as they shall think for ascertain- requisite and proper, for the ascertaining the pan or parts of ing the man- such boat on which the said number, and the names and place the numbed or P'aces a^e the owner or owners thereof, shall be and the marked, and in what manner, and of what dimensions the

names and figure or figures and letters, composing such number, and

abode of the names and place or places of abode, shall be made, and how

owners, areto t^e same (h*]]^ from tjmc to time, renewed, and kept fair the^boa/and and legible; and* that all such orders, rules, and regulations, on what*part after one publication thereof in the London gazette, and printed thereof the copies of the same being affixed at Iron Gate, the Hermitage, Ex-fame shall be ecut\cn Doeky Shadwell Dock, Rotherhithe Old Stairs, Deptford, andhowre- R&dcliffe Crose, and Blackball, shall be observed by, and bind-newed, and ing upon, every owner and owners of such boats so entered as kept legible$ aforesaid. which after

publication in the London gazette, and copies thereof affixed at the proper places, shall be observed by the owners of such boats.

The ma/ler and wardens of the said company, or pjrfons deputed by them,

also all owners or matters

of vessels in the river, or persons au-

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said matter, wardens, and aflittants, or such person or persons as they shall from time to time depute and appoint under the seal ot their corporation, and for all owners or matters of ships or vessels, either in whole or in part, in the said river respectively, or for such person and persons as the said owners and matters, or any seven or more of them, by writing under their hands and seals, shall, for that purpose, nominate, depute, and appoint (and which it shall be lawful for them, from time to time, tp do) at anytime or times from

Anno secundo Georgii III.

iSy

and after the twenty fourth day of Jtuu> one thousand (evert thorized by 7 hundred and sixty two, to flop, search, and detain, in same more place of safety, any boat, which there shall be reason to suspect mayftop and pas any ropes. Cordage, tackle, apparel, furniture, (lores, ma- search any terials, or any part of any cargo or lacting, stolen, or unlawful- boat fu(pe<$l-ly procured, from or out of any ship or vessel in the said river; cd to have.and also to apprehend and detain, or cause to be apprehended ia^res°or Soa-nct and detained, any person or persons who may be reasonably ther mate-suspected of having or conveying any such goods, (lores, or rials, &c. things, in such boat; and stich person or persons so apprehend- or un* ded, shall be (as soon as conveniently may be) conveyed before one or more justice or justices of the peace for any county, out of vessels city, division, liberty, or place, adjoining to the said river: in the river; and if such person or persons shall not produce the party or par- and carnr the ties, from whom he, she, or they, bought or received such j^cdofbe-merchandizes, goods, (lores, or things, aforesaid, or some ere- ing concerned dible person to depose, upon oath, the sale or delivery thereof, therein before or shall not give an account to the satisfaction of such justice or a justices, how he, she, or they, came by the same; that then satis-

the said person or persons so apprehended shall be deemed and ac_

adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor; and such boat, with her count how tackle, apparel, furniture, and loacting, shall, upon such con- tb*y came by viction, be forfeited and disposed of as is herein after directed. Scj^udgSl guilty of a misdemeanor $ and the boat and loacting, &c. shall be forfeited.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Constables

That every constable, headborough, and beadle, and every and beadles

watchman (during such time as he shall be on duty) of every and watch*

parish and place where he shall be an officer, shall and may ap- duty, 'may °n

prehend and detain, or cause to be apprehended and detained, seize'all ropes,

all and every person and persons, who may reasonably be fuf- (lores, or other

pedled of having or carrying, or anyways conveying, any ropes, fiifpecl-

cordage, tackle, apparel, furniture, (lores, materials, or any ^nla

part of any cargo or lacting, stolen or unlawfully procured from procured from

or out of any ship or vessel in the said river Thames, and also shall out of vessels

and may seize and detain in some place of safety such merchan- in the river,

dizes, goods, (lores, and things aforesaid, and shall, as soon anr('onso)n^C

as conveniently may be, convey, or cause the person or persons «rned\here-

so apprehended to be conveyed before any one or more justice in before a

Or justices of the peace, for any county, city, division, liberty, justice,

or place, adjoining to the said river; and if such person or per- aj^nthey, rn

fons shall not produce the party or parties from whom he, (he, ac?tl

or they, bought or received the same, or some credible person, count how

to depose upon oath the sale or delivery thereof, or shall not give they came by

an account, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, how {, hen^mej

he, she, or they, came by the same, that then the said person and persons so apprehended shall be deemed and adjudged guil- 0fa miide-

ty of a misdemeanor. meanor.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, justices upon

That it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace, up- information

on information made to him on oath, by any credible person or of

' M4 fusion of

i68 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

the conceal- persons, that there is cause to suspect that any merchandizes,:

ment of stolen goods, stores, or things (suspected to have been stolen or ua-ch^idizesTer lawfully come by, or taken from some ffiip or vessel in the fui. may grant a river) are concealed in any dwelling house, warehouse, outhouse, search war- yard, garden, or other place, by warrant under his hand andi*£ > leal, to cause every such dwelling-house, warehouse, outhouse,

thercuptfn*garden, and place, to be searched in the day time: and if any

found, are to such merchandizes, goods, stores, or things, shall be found be secured; therein, to cause the same to be deposited and kept in some Jpdthe Pr" place of safety; and also to cause the person or persons in whose h°oure° &c ^oufc> warehouse, outhouse, yard, garden, or other place, the: are to* be ^ame 0*11^found, to be brought before him, or any other brought be- justice or justices of the peace for the same county, city, divi-for« a justice: foil, liberty or place; and if such person or persons mall not ^vin a fa-0t 5*ve an account to fetisfiadtion of such justice or justices, tisfa^ory ac* «ow l*e> A*c>or they, came by the same, or shall not within some count how reasonable and convenient time, to be set by such justice or justi-they came by ces, produce the party or parties of or from whom he, she, or shall beCd they* bought or received the same merchandizes, goods, stores, judged guilty or things* t^at t*ien person or persons in whose house, warc-ofa mime- 7 house, outhouse, yard, garden, or other place, the same shall jgpanor. be found, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor.

Where per-

VIII. And be it enacted by, the authority aforesaid, That up-fons shall be on any person or persons being conv idled of either of the said last-eithVr of the mentioned misdemeanors, it shall and may be lawful for such last-mention- ju^ice or justices, before whom such person or persons was or ^d mifde- were convicted, to cause such merchandizes, goods, stores, or jneanors, the things, to be* deposited in the custody of the churchwardens or cause^he^ overseers of the poor of the place where they shall have been so gaods^be deposited as aforesaid (who are hereby required to receive deposited with the same) or in any other convenient place, for any time not the church- exceeding thirty days; and to order such churchwardens and o-gardens, &c. verfeers of the poor, or one of them, if the same shall happen rdvertimthe t(? b«n and t^ie parishes or places within the bills of morta-fame, if with- Hty, to inlert immediately an advertisement in some publick in the bills of news paper; and if the same shall happen to be in any other mortality 5 parish or place, to cause notice to be immediately given by some notice is°to public^ crycr, and by affixing on the church or chapel door, be given by 3 notice in writing, describing such merchandizes, goods, stores, the public or things, and where the same shall have been so deposited, to cryer, and al- the end that persons having loll 'any such, or any reputable per-tfc^Xurch"or ^on ?n t^ie^r b^alf, may come and claim the same, within thirty chapel door, days from the time of giving and affixing such notice as afore-that the own- said; and in case any person or persons do or shall, within the ers may come space of such thirty days, prove his, her, or their property in their"!: him anc* to t^ic ^d merchandizes, goods, stores, or things, upon within 30*oath, to the satisfaction of one or more justice or justices as a-diiys; foresaid, that then such justice or justices shall order restitution

and they of such merchandizes, goods, stores, or things, to be made to proving their tjltf owner or owners thereof, after paying the reasonable char-

property* j

therein,

7*i.1

Anno secundo Georgii III.

169

!es of seizing, removing, depositing, and giving publick notice the justice* is aforesaid, and also reasonable compensations to the person or shall order persons giving such information as aforesaid 5 such charges and restitution compensations to be settled and ascertained by such justice or "J^Stheir ustices: but if at the end of the said thirty days (notice having payfagrea-been given as aforesaid) no such proof shall be made as afore- sonable char* Eud, the said merchandizes, goods, stores, or things, shall be ge?> and com* sold by the churchwardens or overseers, in whose custody the hme shall have been deposited as aforesaid, for the best price that giving infor-can reasonably be had; and after deducting the charges so set- mation; tied as aforesaid, the remainder of the money arising from such hut if no such sale shall be given, one moiety thereof to the person or persons ^he lb apprehending or giving information as aforesaid (as the case go^, &c. shall be) of the party or parties guilty of the misdemeanors as shall be foid aforesaid, or either of them, and the other moiety to the poor of by thechurchi-the parifo or place where such merchandizes, goods, stores, or wa^fns 5 things, shall have been so first deposited as aforesaid. after^de-

ducting the charges aforesaid, is to go, one moiety to the informer, and the other to the poor of the parish.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid? Persons to That every person to whom any goods, stores, or things be- whom any longing to ships or vessels shall be brought and offered to be sold, pawned, or delivered, shall, and he or foe is hereby im-j*ur powerai and required (there being reasonable cause to suspect be ttolen, &c. that such merchandizes, goods, stores, or things were stolen, shall be offeror unlawfully come by, from or out of any foip or vessel in the cd to laid river) to apprehend, secure, and carry before a justice of {j, or c* the peace for the county, city, division, liberty, or place, may flop th where the same shall be so brought or offered, the person or same, and car-persons so bringing or offering the same, and in the mean time J7 !he parses to secure such merchandizes, goods, stores, or things; and *e°rc a such person or persons so apprehended shall be dealt with, and and the goods such merchandizes, goods, stores, or things, shall be deposited shall be depo-and disposed of in the same manner as if he, she, or they had flfed and dff-been apprehended by the constable, headborough, beadle, or the par-watchman as aforesaid. dealt with

as if they had been apprehended by the constable, See.

X. And be it further enacted, That every person deemed and Persons ad-

adjudged guilty of any of the misdemeanors aforesaid, shall, for judged guilty

every such misdemeanor forfeit, for the first offence the sum of forty shillings; for the second offence the sum of four pounds, aforesaid, for-

and for every subsequent offence the sum of four pounds; allfeitfor theist

which said respective forfeitures shall and may be levied by di- offence 4*-

strefe apd sale of the goods and chattels of every such offender ^sub-

(rendering to him, her, or them the overplus, after charges of sequent^f-11 "

the said distress and sale deduced) by warrant under the hand fence 4l. to be

and seal, or hands and seals, of any one or more of such juf- levied by

tfce or justices before whop such offender was convicsted; which

forfeiture shall be paid, one moiety thereof to the person appre-^moiety to

hending such offender or offenders, or giving information as go to the ap-

the case shall be, and the other moiety thereof to the said ma- pcehender or

ster> informer.

Anno secundo Georgii III.

[176 i.

and wardens of the Trinity House for the use of their poor

and the other da\ wardens, and assistants of the said corporation, to be di-to the matter stribuetd among the poor decayed seamen and their widows, under the care of the said corporation; and if the said respective forfeitures shall not be paid, nor sufficient distress shall be found whereon to levy the same, then the said justice or justices shall and may commit every such offender so convicted as aforesaid to

-dforwant^common gaol or other prison or house of correction within offender t^be^or Aeir jurisdiction, without bail or mainprise, for the space committed, of one month for the first offence, and for the second offence for

for the ift of- the space of two months, and for every subsequent offence, un-fonce one til such offender shall be discharged by order of the court of ge-

Kd nend or quarter sessions-

months; and for every other offence, till discharged by order of the court of sessions. Convictions to

XI. And be it further enacted, That every conviction of any* certified to offender in any of the said misdemeanors mall be certified by ter fidfions* t*lc Ju^cc or justices of the peace making the same, to the next*- general or quarter session of the peace, to be filed and entered amongst the records of the said session; and that such conviction shall and may be drawn up on parchment, and certified as follows (that is to say)

Day of A.B. was

and filed there,

Form of conviction.

C T) E it remembered, That on the I jLJ in the year

Middlesex, to wit,

convicted before of the justices of the peace for the

county, city, division, liberty, or place aforesaid (as the case shall be) of a misdemeanor in one or more of the instances before mentioned, specifying the same particularly in the words by which the same is or are described in and by this act, or in any other form of words to the like effect.

Given under band and seal the day and year aforesaid.

Which said conviction, in the same or the like form of words, shall be good and effectual in law, to all intents and purposes, and shall not be quashed, set aside, or be adjudged void or in-nOTremov^15 sufficient for want of any other form or words whatsoever; nor able by Certio- be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majesty's court of ran. King's Bench, but shall be deemed and taken to be final, to all

intents and purposes whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, every person who shall buy or receive any part of the cargo or loading of, or any goods, (lores, or things, of or belonging to, any ship or vessel in the said river, knowing the same to be stolen or unlawfully come by; or shall privately buy or receive any such goods, (lores, or things, or any part of such cargo or loacting, by suffering any door, window, or (butter to be left open or unfaft-ened between sun-setting and sun-rising for that purpose, or shall buy or receive the Fame, or any of them, at any time, in any clandestine manner, from any person or persons whomsoever, shall, being thereof convicted by due course of law (although the principal felon or felons, offender or offenders, has or have not been convicted of dealing or unlawfully procuring

Conviction not to be qualh'd for

Persons convicted of knowingly buying or receiving ttolen goods from vessels in the river;

or of privately buying or receiving at any time any such goods clandestinely,

Anno secundo Georgii III.

171

the same) be transported for fourteen years to any of his Maje- orbyfuffering (fy's colonies or plantations in America, according to the laws in ^ny force for the transportation of felons. ter it night to

he left open or unfafiened for that purpose; shall be transported for 14 yean.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Person* con-That if any person or persons shall cut, damage, or spoil, any v.'cted of cut-cordage, cable, buoys, buoy-rope, head-fast, or other fed, ft*- "/any wrdl ed to any anchor or moorings belonging to any ship or vessel at cable, anchor or moorings in the river Thames, or any rope used for buoys, buoy-

- Q - /--- f*---- J w /

the purpose of mooring or rafting masts or timber, or shall be roues, hea£*

aiding or assisting the rein, with an intent to (leal the same;

such person or persons ftiah, being convicted thereof on the oath 0* at

of two or more credible witnesses, be transported to same of his anchor or Majesty's plantations in America- for the space of seven years, moorings, in according to the laws now in force for the transportation of intent to steal felons. the same, (hill

be transported, together with their aiders therein, for seven years.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Any Prio That if any person being out of prison, shall, after the twenty concerned ia*1 fourth day or June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, (foaling or un-by dealing, or unlawfully receiving, any part of any cargo or lawfully relating of, or any goods, stores, or things belonging to, or out ceiving eoods of, or from, any ship or vessel in the said river, and shall after- d'zT from anr wards discover two or more persons who shall have bought or vifl*el in the*received any stolen or unlawfully procured goods, stores., or river, things, or any part of any cargo or lading of, or belonging to, who shall dif-or by, from or out of, any ship or vessel in the said river, af-

ter the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred thers of the and sixty two, knowing the same to be stolen or unlawfully like offence, procured, so as two or more of the persons discovered shall be convicted of such buying or receiving; every person so disco-: vering, shall have and be intituled to the gracious pardon of his A1*!} be in- Majesty, his heirs and successors, for all such felonies by him

or her committed at any time or times before such discovery pardon, made; which pardon mail be likewise a bar to any appeal brought for such felony.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if Persons row-after the publication of any such orders, rules, and regulations, ing.or navi* by the said master, wardens, and assistants, any person or per- f£a£6notbe-fons shall row or navigate, within the limits aforesaid, any such; ng entered, boat as is herein before directed to be entered, marked, and marked, and numbered, not being so entered, marked and numbered, as numbered ac-aforesaid; or having a false mark or number, or not hav- ^de^of^he 5 ing the real name or names, and places of abode of the own- Trinity comer or owners of such boat inscribed thereon, or not having pany; or hav-stich names and figures kept fair and legible, in such manner as »ng a false or shall have been directed and required, from time to time, by, |^er or (iich orders, rules, and regulations; in each of the cases afore- mark,

said, every such person, being thereof convicted before one or forfeit, on more justice or justices of the peace of any county, city, divi- conviction be-fion, liberty, or place, near or adjoining to the said river, up-Justice>

1

172 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

One moiety on his or her own confession, or the oath of one or more cre-to the mform-jible person or persons, shall, for every such offence, forfeit Serto the ° aiK* Pay ^um ^orty filings; one moiety whereof to be Trinity com- paid to the person or persons who shall give information of, and pany for the prosecute to conviction, such offender or offenders as aforesaid, life of their and the other moiety to the said matter, wardens, and attittants ?fpon difeo- of t*ie^corporation, to be applied by them as aforesaid: very of such and it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, upon offence, the discovery of any such offence or offences, to seize and detain any toat and such.boat, with all the tackle, apparel, and furniture thereun-

inaybefcized to belonging; and shall thereupon, within the space of forty and within*eight hours after such seizure made, give information thereof, 48 hours after and of the nature of the offence, to any one or more justice or information justices of the peace as aforesaid, who shall proceed to near, and iuft?ceCn determine., as soon as conveniently may be, upon such who is to hear information; and if such forfeiture shall not be paid within the and deter- space of twenty four hours after conviction, then the same shall mine there- be raised by sale of the said boat, and her tackle and appurte-ifthe forfci- nances and every justice of the peace, within his jurisdiction, lure be not" hereby authorized and required to issue his warrant under his paid within 14 hand and seal, directed to the constable, or some other peace our» the officer of the parish or place in which such boat, so Seized as a -raifW by sale ^orc^a^> ftwll^detained, to cause sale to be made thereof, of the boat, an^ a^ her tackle and appurtenances, with all convenient speed, &c.*for raising the money forfeited for the said offence as aforesaid,

by warrant of rendering to the offender or offenders the overplus (if any there the justice. shall be) after deducting the charges of detaining and felling such boat.

Upon complaint to the mailer and wardens of the company, of any thefts or illegal practices being carried on in any boat, or fuf-pected to be carried on, they may Summon the owner to appear, and inquire into fuen complaint in a luminary way* and, on conviction, may take away his number, and refuse to euter any boat of his for the future.

Where, on conviction.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said matter, wardens, and assistants, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required, on any complaint to be made to them by any credible person or persons, of any thefts, robberies, frauds, or other illegal practices being carried on, or reasonably suspected to be carried on, in any boat so to be num^ bered and marked as aforesaid, to summon the owner or owners thereof to appear before them, or any five or more of them, at the Trinity House in Water Lane, or other usual place of meeting appointed or to be appointed, at such time as they shall appoint; at which time and place the said matter, wardens, and assistants, or any five or more of them, shall inquire into the said complaint in a summary way; and in case the said complaint shall be proved to their satisfaction, and they shall so think fit, they the said matter, wardens, and assistants, or any five or more of them, being a majority of the members then present, may thereupon take away and totally abolish the said number so given to the said boat as aforesaid; and also may, for the future, refuse to enter, as before directed, any boat of or belonging to such owner or owners; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any person or persons shall be convicted of any offence

against

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 173

against this act, by which is incurred the forfeiture of any boat, the forfeiture with her tackle and appurtenances, and concerning which, af- ^fawned*0* ter such conviction, no provision is hereby made, it shall and aVdn^fur-may be lawful to and for such justice or justices of the peace, therprovision before whom such conviction shall be had, or any other justice made concer-or justices of the peace of and for any county, city, division, fai?ct

liberty, or place, adjoining to the said river Thames, on convic- hi, warrant/ tien had, and they are hereby respectively authorized and re- may order the quired, to cause such boat with her tackle and appurtenances, same to be to be totally burnt and destroyed, within six days next after burnt within such conviction as aforesaid, by warrant under the hand and day, # seal, or hands and seals of such justice or justices, directed to the constable or other peace officer of the parish or place adjoining to the said river, or where such conviction shall be had; which said constable, or other peace officer, shall thereupon cause such boat, tackle, and appurtenances, to be so burnt and destroyed, within the time aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Any persons shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, by the au- may appre-thority of this act, and without any other warrant, to appre- hendanoffen-hend any offender or offenders committing any of the offences9herein before mentioned, and intended by this act to be re-dreffect, and, with all convenient speed, to convey or deliver and deliver every such offender or offenders to a constable or some other him over to a peace officer of the county, city, division, liberty, or place, in constable, or near to which the offence shall be committed, or the offender or offenders shall be apprehended, in order to be conveyed to be carried before some justice of the peace of such county, city, liberty, or before a juf-place, there to be dealt with according to law. tlcc#

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in Persons ob-case any person or persons acting in the execution of any of the structing the powers granted by this act, shall be obstructed therein, every execution of person so obstructing, and all such as shall act in their assistance, convktcdat1^ shall, on being thereof convicted before the justices of the peace, the quarter at the general or quarter session of the county or city adjoining sessions,

to the said river, upon the oath of two or more credible per- bc trans-fons, be transported to any of his Majesty's plantations in A- P°rte<i for 7 merica, for the space of (even years according to the law or ycari# laws now in force for the transportation of felons.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Any member That in all actions, suits, trials, and other proceedings, which of ?hc corpo-Shall or may be had in pursuance of this act, or in relation to ha^ttanto^" any matter or thing herein contained, any member of the said the place, corporation, or any inhabitant of the parish, town, or place, in where the of-which any offence shall be committed, contrary to the true in- fence is com. tent and meaning of this act, or wherein any conviction shall be made pursuant hereto, shall be admitted to give evidence, to give tvi_ and shall be deemed a competent witness, notwithstanding his dence* being such member of the said corporation, or his or her being such inhabitant as aforesaid,

v

Justices to ad-sninifter oaths gratis*

Limitation of fc&kms.

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

Publickaa.

Anno secundo Georgii III.^x 761*

XXI. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where an oath is by this act directed to be taken by any person or persons, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more justice or justices of the peace within the county, city, division, liberty, or place where the matter to be sworn to shall arise, and he and they is and are respectively hereby authorized and required to administer the lame, without fee or reward.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced or brought against any justice or justices of the peace, or the said matter, wardens, and assistants, or any of them, or other officer or person whatsoever, acting in the execution of any of the powers m them hereby vetted, for doing, or causing to be done, any thing in pursuance of this act, concerning any of the said offences, the lame shall be laid in the county of Middlesexor city of London, and not elsewhere; and shall be commenced within six months next after such cause of action accrued; and the defendant or defendants therein may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and, that the lame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear so to have been done, or that such action or suit was brought after the time before limited, or in any other place; that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if upon such action a verdict shall be given for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or suit, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon demurrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, then the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have such remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any case by law,

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public adtand be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXIX.

An act to amend so much of an act made in the first year of the reign of King James the first, intituled An act for the better execution of the intent and meaning of former Statutes made against; Ihooting in guns, and for the preservation of the game of pheasants and partridges, and against the destroying of hares with hare pipes, and tracing hare9 in the snow; as relates to the preservation of house doves and pidgeons, by making the

manner

W'

1.

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 175

manner of convicting such person or persons as shall offend therein, more easy and expeditious.

WHEREAS by an act made in the first year of the reign of his Preamble, re- Majesty King James the First intituled, "An act for the better citing clause c< execution of the intent and meaning of formerstatutes made against, act Jbooting in guns, and for the preservation of the game of pheasants J €< and partridges, and against the deploying of hares with hare pipes, cc and tracing hares in the snow"-, it is amongst other things therein enacted, That all and every person and persons who shall kill or destroy any house dove pr pidgeon, and shall be thereof convicted by the confessort of the party, or by the testimony of two sufficient witnesses, upon oath before two or more justices of the peace, of the county, city, or town, corporate, wherein the offence shall be committed, or the parties apprehended, such justices shall commit every such offender so apprehended, to the common gaol of the said county, city, or town corporate\ where the offence shall be committed, or the party apprehended, there to remain Jor three months without bail or mainprize, unless that the said offender do or shall forthwith upon the said. conviction pay, or cause to be paid, to the churchwardens of the said parish where the said offence shall be committed, or the party apprehended, to the use

trary to the true purport and true meaning of that act, or after one month after his commitment, together with two sufficient sureties, become bound by recognizance in the sum of twenty pounds apiece, to the Kings MajeJlfs use, his heirs, and successors, with condition that he the said party so offending, shall not at any time thereafter Shoot at, kill, take, or destroy, any house dove or pidgeon, by any such means as in the said act are mentioned; which said recognizance shall be taken by any two or more justices of peace, of the said county, city, or town corporate, where the offender shall be so tmprisoned as aforesaid, and shall be returned to the then next quarter sessions, and there to remain of record as other recognizances taken for the peace, as by the said in part recited act, relation fo+ greater certainty being the reunto had, may more fully appear: and whereas the method of convicting offenders against the above recited act, hath hitherto been found, in a great degree, ineffectuaL, to answer the good intentions of the said act: therefore for more speedy convicting and punishing persons who shall be guilty of the said mifetyevous practice of wilfully killing or destroying house doves or pidgeons, belonging to other persons; may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted\ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present After 24 June, parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That 176*, any per* after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hun- son who shall dred and sixty two, if any person or persons shall (hoot at, with an intent to kill, or shall by any means whatever, kill or take, any°house y with a wilful intent to destroy, any house dove or pidgeon, and doves or pid-Shall be thereof cpnvi^d^ by the consession of the party offend- geons belong*' inz, or the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, mgto other

before

shall forfeit, on conviction, ios- to the profecu-

ior;

and if not forthwith

paid, he n

i maybe committed, and kept to hard labour for any time

176 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, city, town corporate, division, riding, or place (which oath such justice or justices are hereby authorized to administer) wherein any such offence or offences shall be committed, or the party or parties offending shall be apprehended, every person so offending, and who shall be convicted as aforesaid of any such offence, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings, to the person or persons who shall inform against, and prosecute to conviction, any such offender or offenders; and in case the money so forfeited shall not be forthwith paid on every such conviction, it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices to commit any such offender or offenders, who shall be so convicted as aforesaid, to the common

- gaol of the county, or the house of correction in the division or

not exceeding place where the party is convicted or apprehended, there to re-3, nor less than main and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding f three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, as

feiturebe^ any just* or justices shall order, unless the money for-fbonerpaid. feited shall be sooner paid.

The owners H- Provided always, and it is hereby also enacted, That of dove cotes, nothing in this act contained shall be construed, deemed, or of other places taken, to hinder any owner of a dove cote, pidgeon house, built for the pidgeon chamber, or any other place, built up or erected, or ^breSing ofto^huilt up or erected, for the preservation or breeding of pidgeons, and pidgeons, from taking, killing, or destroying, by himself, or those appoint- any other person by lum appointed or authorized for that pur-ttam* pose, all or any house doves, or pidgeons, which shall at any €xccp*time be taken in the proper dove cote, pidgeon house, pidgeon chamber, or any other place, as aforesaid, for the preservation or breeding of pidgeohs of any owner of such dove cote, pidgeon house, pidgeon chamber or other place.

Offender is lia-

III. Provided further, and it is hereby also enacted, That no ble only to person who shall be convicted of any offence against this act, Son for the ft1^ be bable to be convicted for any such offence under any same offence; former or other act; and that no person shall be prosecuted for and profecu- any offence against this act, unless the prosecution for the same tionsare to be shall be commenced and carried on with effeff within the space and wrriedon two ca^en(^ar months after every such offence shall be com-with effect, mitted; and that where any person shall suffer imprisonment for within two default of payment of any penalty imposed under this act, such months aftCr Person la" not be liable afterwards to pay such penalty.

ce; and where persons suffer imprisonment, they are not liable afterward* to pay tbr penalty.

CAP. XXX.

An act for enlarging and improving the north east avenue of London Bridge.

WHEREAS by an act made in the twenty ninth year of the in^act V reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

Geo. II? " An act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the passage over and through London Bridge, " the mayor, aldermen, and commons, +f

Aiino secundo Georgii III.77

the city of London, in common council assembled, were impoweredU make such purchases, and take down suchhouses, edifices, and buildings,

Handing or being on the said bridge, or contiguous or adjoining the reto* as they Jbouldjudge necessary, for the enlargement and improvement of the passage over, and the avenues leading to and from, the said bridge: and vuhereas the said major, aldermen, and commons, /A*/wrf

Zwt/* proceeded in the execution of the powers granted by the find act, and the passage over the said bridge js already, on the eafiern side thereof, secured by a proper and uniform balufirade, which, in order to avoid the waterworks of London Bridge, and preserve, with regularity, the connexion of the passage of the said bridge, with Fish-ibreet hill, ranges northward upon the parish church of the united parishes of Saint Magnus and Saint Margaret New Fishstreet

London, at the north east avenue of the said bridge, almost in a line with the arch of the tower orjleeple of the find church, which forms a spacious passage through the said tower from north to south: and whereas the good ends and purposes of the said act cannot be answered, unless the site or ground of the said parish church, on the north and south fides of the said tower, is, with the said passage through the same, laid into the north east avenue of the said bridge: but in regard the alteration aforesaid cannot be made without the authority of parliament, may it please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted3 and be it enacted &c. &c.

The ground on the North and South fides of the tower of St. Magnus ebufeb,

Hew-f/b greet, with a passage through the tower from North to South, is vested in the city of London toe the enlargement of the North-East avenueo f London bridge; and (b much of the fabrick of the said church is to be taken down and removed, as shall be necessary for that purpose; and the city is thereupon to rebuild in a suitable manner the Western walls of the church, in a line with the East side of the said tower; and also all other works within the body of the church, and without, necessary to thefafety and ornament of the tower; and all injuries occasioned thereby are to be repaired and made good.--- The great Western doors of the church are to be re-

moved and placed on the East side of the tower, and the same passage to be preserved for the public Western entrance into the church $ and the ground laid into the North-East avenue of the bridge may be used as a cemetery; but the pavement broken up on that account is to be relaid by the church wardens. - — - The city is also to build a commodious vestry-room, and engine-house in the church yard. And the materials of such part of the feorick as shall be taken down, are vested in the city3 and what shall be found proper, may be employed in the works; and the rest is to be sold; and the money paid over to the church wardens for the

sustentation of the said works, See.-And the city is to pay, by way of

compensation, 13l. per annum, chargeable on the Bridge-bou/e estates, to be paid half yearly, 'viz. 5l. thereof to the rettor; and 8l. to the church wardens for the luftentation of the said works, See. to commence on 29th Sep.

176a.--charges of this act to be paid out of the money granted by parliament for improving the bridge. Powers, See. in the recited act of 29 Geo. II. and 31 Geo. IL extended m all applicable cases to this act. Limitation of actions, general issue, treble costs, public act.

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for making perpetual an act for the better regulation and government of seamen in the merchants service \ and for cutending the provisions thereof to his Majtly's colonies in America.

WHEREAS the law herein afttr mentioned, which both by experience, been found useful and beneficial, is near expiring, may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be «-acted\ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpmtual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, Act of» Geo. the authority of the same, That an act made in the fe-

ll. which was* cond year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled, "An act for continued by " the better repilation and government of seamen in the merchants several subse- " service, " which was to be in force for five years, from the made perpe* twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and tual. twenty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session

of parliament; and which awas, by an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, further continued until the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which alt was, by an act made in the twenty third year of the reign of his said late Majesty, further continued until the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, is temporary, and near expiring; shall be, and is hereby, made perpetual From and af- ^nd lt further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

ter 1 May, from and after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred 1764, all the and sixty four, all the provisions, penalties, clauses, matters, provisions, and things, contained in the said act of the second year of his matters^and*idate Majesty's reign, shall be, and the same are hereby, ex-things, in the tended to all his Majesty's colonies in Americas and that all pe-said act of 2. nalties and forfeitures to be incurred by the said act, and directed Ge°* V ^are to applied to and for the use of Greenwich hospital, shall be h?s Majestys Pa^ to ", c^1 °cer or officers in the said colonies, as shall on colonies in that behalf be appointed by the lord high admiral of Great Bri-America j and tain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high the forfeitures admiral of Great Britain for the time being: and in case any Greenwich° ma^ersorcommanders, or owners, of any ships or vessels shall hospital are to deduift out of the wages of any seaman or mariner any of the be Daid there penalties and forfeitures which, by the said act, are directed to to the officer be deduced and applied to and for the use of Greenwich hospital, the adm\ralty* anc* not Pay money deducted to such officer or officers and matters of f° to be appointed in the port or place in the said colonies where ships deduct- such deduction shall be made, within three months after such ing any of the dedu<ftion, every person so neglecting to pay the money deduced said fortenurcs as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the treble value thereof to the fcamens wa use of the said hospital j which, together with the money de-ges, 'ducfled

and not duly paying over the same, forfeit treble the value to t|i^aidhospital.

178

[Preamble.]

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III.

tiu&ed as aforesaid, shall and may be recovered by the fame-means and methods as any penalties and forfeitures can or may. be recovered by the said aa.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for draining and preferring certain low lands tolled The* Fens, lying on both Jftdes of the river Witham, in the county (/Lincoln; and for restoring and maintaining' the navigation of the said river* from the High bridge in the city of Lincoln, through the borough of Boston, to the fca.

WHEREAS the river Witham, in the county of Lincoln, toai Preamble formerly navigable for lighters* barges* boats* and other vefi fils* from the sea* through Bolton, to the High bridge in the city of Lincoln} but* by the sand andflit brought in by the tide* thi outfall thereof into the sea hath* for many years laji paji* been greatly hindered and obstructed* and is now* in a great measure, stopped up* loft* and defrayed* and thereby great part of the low lands andfens lying on both Jides of the said river (and which contain together about one hundred thousand acres) are frequently overflowed* and rendered useless and unprofitable* to the great toss of the respective owners there* of the decay of trade and commerce* and the depopulation of tho country: and whereas* in the judgment and opinion of experienced engineers* and per fins of known skill and ability* the navigation of the said river Witham, and the outfall thereof into the sea* are capable of being restored and maintained* and the said low lands and sent of being drained* cultivated* and improved; but* as the necessafy works* for the effefling the good purposes aforesaid > cannot be made+ done* and performed* without the authority of parliament* may it therefore please your Majesty* that it may be enacted and be it dialied, &c, &c.

The boundaries of the low- lands and fens described. — Lands divided into fix districts. First district, and boundaries thereof. Second distrilf, and boundaries thereof. Third district, and boundaries thereof. Fourth distritt, and boundaries thereof. Fifth district, and boundaries thereof; Sixth distri#, and boundaries thereof. — Commissioners of districts appointed. Manner of election: first district j id. district \ 3d4 district; 4th district j $th district; 6th distriH. South Kyme deemed a pzrriih. — - Electors may appoint deputies. — > Electors to certify elc&ions at first meeting

of general of for drainage.--Commissioners to direct tho

several works to be made within their Several districts. Commissioners of the districts to meet and elect general of — General of — Commissioners for districts may adjourn their meetings.

- Qualification of general commissioners--- Oaths of general

commissioners---- Penalty on persons atting if not qualified.

Heirs apparent of 100l. per annum, taking the oath of office, may act as

of.--- General of may appoint agents. —

Continuance of the commissioners of the distn&s, continuance of the

general of.-- Commissioners of districts dying, others to

be elected. General of dying, others to be elected. — - If new of are not elected, former of to continue.

- First meeting of the general of.---- Annual meetings-

- Commissioners to make contracts with workmen, &c. which are to be

entered in a book. — The acre-tax for the general drainage.

Ux*Twe

Anno secundo Georgii III. [ i

*l*i xi*verted in edmmissionera. General comraHsionen to pay the proprietors of lands within the sixth district their expence of surveys, See. — biftri&s chargeable with further yearly taxes for private works. The coraraifsioners for the i ft. 3d. and 5th dfftri&s to do the like on application; but not to obstruct waters occasioned by foakage or downfall froth taking their natural course into the river Witham or haven. Lands in the 6th district to be jointly taxed^ with the lands through which fuclx

waters shall be convevedf.--- If private works be found beneficial to

towns in any other district, such towns to contribute in proportion.--

Commissioners of the 4th district to raise taxes within Wddmore and West Fats, by endofing a part thereof: exception^Such metofures not to be subject to tythes.--Taxes to be raised in like manner in Holland Fen s

exception. Rights of lords of manors in Holland Fen, saved. — A sufficient part of any other commons may be inclosed for payment of taxes by content: exception. Such inclosuresnot to be subject to tythes. — Commissioners of the districts, wherein Holland, Wildmore and West Fen lie, to apply monies anting from sale of lands cut through for the new river towards inclosing of lands, and payment of taxes. — Tenants to pay taxes, and deduct the same; except leases, which will not expire till after the end of 14 years; and church-leases. — Proprietors to give in an account of their lands. — Determination of disputes about high lands* Persons refilling to pay taxes, the same to be levied by distress and sale.

Grounds unoccupied to remain asecurity.--- General of to

indofe lands in Hollemd, Wildmore and West Fens, in case the taxes alTefied thereon are not paid in due time.--- Works, to be ordered by the general of - River Witham to be widened, See. Surface of the water thereof to be a feet below the medium surface of lands adjoining. — The lame number of workmen to be employed on the mother river, as on the side rivers.-- Relating to Anthony's G<rwt and Maud Foster's G*wt.

*-Proviso relating thereto. — Materials veiled in general of.

--Side rivers or drains to be scoured, Scc. at the general charge.

Description thereof. --- Commissioners may heighten, &c. the banks.

--A cut to be made from Langrike Grwt to the new cut, or the river,

and another from Lodsrwick's Gonut to the new cut or river, at the general charge.--- Outring and division dykes to be kept open by the proprietors. --- Lords of manors may make .'ivision dykes at their own

'Oxpence, but not to interfere with tile works of drainage.--- Lodonvicte

Go*uh to be supported at the general charge.--- Tunnels under Ktme-

eau and BiUmohen Skirtbs to be removed.--- Proprietors of lands in North

Kyme and BilUngbay dales, to lay a tunnel under Kjmeeau, if occasion. — Uamftford Tunnel to be continued, and other tuhness for watering cattle in dry leafons. — A moveable Haunch to be erected in Kyme eau, above

Drury-dyhe; and the^ tunnels continued at Ho<w Bridge.--- If a sufficient

quantity cannot be issued for cattle in Wildmore Fen, the of of the 4th diilrift may place removeable (buttles to raise the water. — Bed of the Witham % where not enclosed, vested in the of — The

sea lluice and rivers to be maintained at the general charge.-Staunches

to keep back land water, how to be erected. Commissioners of the dif*

tricts to exchange lands separated by the new cut.--- The ferry and

road between Tatter shall and BilUngbay, prefer ved. — Bank of B'tlUngbay Skirth not to be left than 11 feet in width.-Rights of owners of ferries reserved. - --A bridge to be built to preserve a communication be-

tween Bofion West and Holland Fen. — Fords to be repaired or bridges

built.--- Annuities to be granted for money borrowed, or taxes af&igned.

- Notice to be given of borrowing money. — Power for mortgagees

to enter and recover.--- Mortgages, &c. to be deemed personal cltates,

and may be assigned. Tenants for life may charge the lands for money borrowed to pay the taxes.--- Interest when to cease. — Regular accounts of payment, &c, to be kept. Money in treasurers hands, not wanted for the works, may be placed out on securities. — No order of general of to be reverted, unless 11 of be present, and 7 consent. — Commissioners for navigation. — Election of drainage commissi onen to be declared under teal of corporation. —

Commissioners

L

a 7^1-3. Anno secundo Georgii III.

Crammifsionert first meeting; they may adjourn. — In default of a sufficient number to act, notice to be gi ven of another meeting.- — Commissioners of navigation tocontraft with workmen) to order works upon the river, or side rivers. Sec. to make new cuts, See, to cut and make use of foil, See. to remove impediments $ to erect bridges, locks, See. to dig, and cany away gravel, &c. to set out haling ways; and to cause a lock to be Made by the side of the sea fiuice. — Worts of navigation not to prejudice xhe works of drainage. — Penalty of breaking open gates or locks, 5Z. — No lock, See. to dc higher than within two feet of the natural foil

f the lowest lands adjoining.--- Commissioners to purchase ground to

build houfos for lock-keepers.--- Tolls vetted in the of;

may be levied by distress. Distress may be sold after 5 days.--- Tolls

to be taken at Lodtrwicks drain. — Inhabitants of the is towns in HoU

land Fen exempted from toll.---- Free navigation. — Commissioners

may borrow money on the tolls. Tolls may be lessened.---- Commissioners impowered to purchase lands, See. Bodies politick. See. may contract for the iale of such lands. — Where persons shall refuse or neglect to treat, of to ifiiie their warrants to the sheriff to impanel a jury, furors may be challenged. Witnesses to be summoned, and examined upon oath. Jury to alters the damages. Verdict of the jury to be binding.---- Trustees may impose a fine on sheriff, Sec. making de-

fault in the premises. Fine not to exceed 5l. — Agreements, Sec. to be filed with the clerk of the peace.-Upon payment or tender of the purchase money, of may make use of the lands.---- Expences

of the jury how to be paid.---- Commissioners to appoint officers, &c.

and to allow them fslaries. — Treasurers to enter receipts and payments

in a book, and to account upon oath.--Reports to be made of loading

by navigation. — Commissioners may set up gates, Sc c. over the ditches

and fences in the towing-paths.--- Boat-mailers, See. answerable for da*

mages done by their crew to bridges, Sec and for trespasses. Damages to

be determined by pwo justices.--Boatmen obstructing the passage of

boats. Sec. subject to a penalty; to be levied by difirefs and side; and for

want of difirefs the otFender to be committed.--Vessels sunk to be

weighed up, and detained till satisfaction made. — Matters to have their names set on the outside of the boat, Sec. For want of which, or opening the gates. Sec. to let the water run watte, subject to a penalty; to be recovered by distress and Tale; for want of distress the offender to oe committed. — Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions, &c. Order of sessions not removeable by certiorari, qor vacated for want of form*

--Application of the fines.--Destroying works made felony. —

Commissioners may make buy-laws. Personspaggrieved thereby may appeal to the quarter-sessions. No justice, wno signed the buy-law to act or vote in the determining such complaint. — r — r Orders of the of to be entered in a book, and signed; and to be admitted as evir

dence. — Commissioners may act as furors.---- No commissioner to

act, holding a place of profit. — Lock-keeper not to sell spirituous liquors. — Commissioners not to act but at a meeting held in pursuance of this act.-- Writings to be without staraps. — Persons aggrieved by any irregularity in dittraining, to recover for the special damage only. — Expences of this act how to Be paid.--- Works of drainage or navigati-

on not subject to of of fewer*, except, Sec. — Part of act ix and 13 Car. II. repealed. — No toll to be paid for pleasure boat*. Reservation of rights. — If drainage and navigation not compleated in 14 years, mayor, &c.of Lincoln to undertake it, from Camvick rings to thei

Si bridge in Lincoln. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs, lie act.

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

There shall be issued

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund \ and for applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer for the service of the year otic.thousand seven hundred and sixty two \ and for settling and securing a certain annuity for the use of the right honourable Arthur Onslow, speaksr of the house of commons in the last five parliaments.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

nT7E your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of W Great Britain, in parliament assembled, being desirous to raff* the reftdite of the necessary supplies which we have chearfuUy granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, by ways and means the least bterthenjome to your Majesty's subjects, have refohed to give and grant to your Majesty the sum herein aftermentioned; and do therefore mofi humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted y and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and cppnmons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That by or out of such monies as shall,

1 ooq 11 1 % % ^rom ^me to t*Inc, k rcma^nn receipt of the exche-StLiqV7<juer, of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other out of the revenues, composing the fund commonly called The sinking fund, tnjungfuqd; ^fter paying or referring sufficient to pay all such sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the same, there shall and may be issued and applied for and towards making good the Amply granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, a sum not exceeding one million nine thousand two hundred seventeen pounds, two shillings, and eight pence halfpenny; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the nigh treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to issue and apply the Tame accordingly, j 15, oo*l: be-

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

mgmomes^sum of one hundred and fifteen thousand pounds, granted arrears0?hisC by an all made in the second year of his late Majesty's reign, late Majesty's upon account of arrears of his late Majesty's civil Jill revenues, civil Hit re- and now, by his Majesty's direction, replaced and refunded out -ues; of the arrears of the said revenues, which were Handing out at mjuTingun-he time of his late Majesty's demise; and also the sum of applied of the twenty thousand pounds, remaining in the receipt of the ex-money grant- chequer, being part of the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, ed in the year granted to his late Majesty, in the year one thousand seven hun-the charg^of5 "red and fifty eight, upon account, towards defraying the charge of pay and & pay and cloathing for the militia, for the year one thousand fe-cloathing for van hundred and fifty eight, and for defraying such expences as the militia; wcrc actually incurred upoq the account of the militia, in the

xy&iJ) Anno secundo Georgii III. 183

year one thousand seven hundred and fifty /even; arrdalfothe sum 8o, ooool. re-of eighty thousand pounds, remaining in the receipt of the ex- rnJ

chequer, which was granted to his late Majesty, in the year one money gravity Me thousand seven hundred and sixty, upon account, towards ed in the year defraying the charge of pay and cloathing for the unembodied760, towards militia, for the year ended the twenty fifth day of March, one W f thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and also the sum of fe- thTunem^. venty thousand pounds, remaining in the receipt of the exche- died militia quer* which was granted to his Majesty in the last session of par- and 70, 0001, liament, upon account, towards defraying the charge or the al-

pay of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, of the money when unembodied, and of the cloathing of the part of the granted in the said militia then unembodied, for one year, beginning the twen- year 1761, for ty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; th*like Pur* and also the sum of seventy three thousand six hundred and fe- ££<1*6 8j# wenty eight pounds, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, furpiusin the being the surplus of the several duties on malt, established by exchequer of an adfc made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Ma- the duties on for paying annuities granted in the year one thousand fe^ ven hundred and sixty, after satisfying all charges and incum-'7 brances thereupon, to the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, shall and may be, in like manner, issued and applied at the said receipt, for and towards the said

And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Clause of loan in case the said of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any of, 009, 2171. three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time as. sd, aq. being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said sum of one million nine thousand two hundred seventeen pounds, two shillings, and eight pence halfpenny, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, in manner herein after-mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majmy, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, any sum or films of money not exceeding the said sum of one million nine thousand two hundred seventeen pounds, two shillings, and eight pence halfpenny, upon the credit of the said surplusses, excesses, and overplus monies, or other revenues composing the sinking fund, and to have and receive interest for the forbearance of the money lent, so as such loans be allowed to be made by the said commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more or them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to issue their warrants for that purpose, as fast as such loans shall be wanted for the public service; and moreover that no money to be lent upon the security of this act, shall be rated or assessed to any tax or assessment whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every person or Tallies of persons who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act as*

aforesaid, and pay the same into the receipt of the exchequer, fortue

mall

184 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1767.

shall immediately have a tally of loan (truck for thgfame, and m order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the same date with his, her, or their tally, in or upon which order shall be also contained a warrant for payment 01 interest for the forbearance thereof, and to be paid every three months, until the repay-Orders to be ment of the principal; and all such orders for repayment of registered, and money, so to be lent, shall be registered in course, according paid in course. to the dates respectively; and that all and every person and persons shall be paid in course, according as their orders shall stand registered in the said register books, Foas the person or persons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders first entered in the said books of register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first person or persons to be paid out of the said fur-plufles, excesses, or other revenues; and he, she, or they, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid, and so successively and in course; and that the monies to come in of or for the said surplusses, excesses, and overplus monies, or other revenues composing the sinking fund, as aforesaid, shall be in the same order liable to the satisfaction of the said respective persons, t and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns respectively, without any undue preference of one before another, and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever (other than such uses and purposes as are appointed by any other act or acts of parliament in (so fee to be that behalf as aforesaid and that no fee, reward, or gratuity,

Said for regj- directly or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken of any of his ering, &c. Majesty's subjects, for providing or making of any fiion books or fegifters, or any entries, views, or searches, in or for payment of money lent, or the interest thereof, as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, bn paih of payment of treble damages to the party grieyed, by the party offending, with full costs of suit; or if the officer him-penalty of self take or demand any suchfee or reward, then to lose his place

undue pit- also; and if any undue preference of one before another shall be

fcrenccj made either ih point of registry or payment, contrary to the true

meaning of this act, by any such officer or officers, then the party offending shall be liable by action of debt, or on the case, to pay the value of the debt, with full costs of suit, to the party grieyed, and shall be forejudged of his place or office; and if any such preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his mailer, then such deputy or clerk only shall be liable to such action, debt, damages, and cost, and shall be for ever after incapable of his office or place; and in case the auditor of the receipt shall not direct the said orders of lean, or the clerk of the pells record, of the teller make payment upon such orders, according to each person's due place and order, as before directed; then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective deputies and clerks, therein offending.

iy6t.]

Anno secundo Georgii III.

fending, to be liable to such action; debt, damans, and costs, in such manner as aforesaid: all which said penalties, forfeitures, how to here* damages, and costs, to be incurred by any the officers of the covered, exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster\ wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order^ of restraint, shall be in in any wise granted or allowed. deemed

V. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall hap- no undue pen that several tallies of loan, or orders for payment, as afore- preference, said, bear date, or be brought the same day to the auditor of ^cdated^or the receipt to be registered, then it shall be mterpreted no un- brought the due preference, which of those be entered first, so as he enters same day i them all the same day.

VI. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any un- Nor

due preference, to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the quent order* auditor direct, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers be paid before do pay subsequent orders to persons that come and demand their such as were monies, and bring their orders, before other persons that did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in course; so as there be so much money reserved as will satisfy precedent orders; which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them \ intefeft upon loam being to cease from the time the money is so reserved and kept in bank for them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person Orders affigii* and persons to whom any money shall be due, for loans to be able toties registered'by virtue of this act, after order entered in the book quoties.

of register as aforesaid, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, by proper words of assignment to be indorsed and written upon his, her, or their order, may assign and transfer his, her, or their right, title, interest, and benefit, of such order, to any other; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforesaid, and an entry or memorial thereof also made in the book of register aforesaid for orders (which the officers shall upon request, without fee or charge, accordingly make) shall intitle such assignee, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and such assignee may, in like manner, assign again, and so toties quoties \ and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made such assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

VIII. And to tho end there may be no want or failure of a certain Commission-Jum, not to exceed in the whole the said sum of one million nine thou f- er* oithe and two hundredseventeen pounds, two shillings, and eight pence-baif- jf^y^shall penny, to be raised, either by such loam as aforesaid, or by ijjiieing ex- think it more chequer bills, as is herein after-mentioned, or by both or either of adviseable to those ways or means, for the public service\ be it further enacted the said by the authority aforesaid, That in case the of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them now being, by exchequer pr the higp treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners bills, they

of

may make oat may number ©i new exchequer bills for the &me.

In like manner and form as is prescribed by the land tax of this sesion. Clauses, See, in the said act relating to exchequer bills, extended to those to be made out in, fnxrfuance of this act.

The said bills, interest, premium and charges, charged upon, and payable out of the iinking fund.

Anno iectindo Georgii III.

of the treasury for the time being, shall judge it more adviseaUe to raise the said sum of one million nine thousand two hundred seventeen pounds, two shillings, and eight pence halfpenny, or any part thereof, by exchequer bills, instead of such loans as aforesaid, that then they respectively are hereby authorized and empowered, at any time or times, to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the exchequer, any number of new exchequer bills, for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the said sum of one million nine thousand two hundred seventeen pounds, two shillings, and eight pence halfpenny, together with such loans aforesaid, in the lame or like manner, form, or order, and according to the same or like rules and directions, as in and by a certain act of this present session of parliament, intituled, " An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a " land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year " one tlmfisnd seven hundred and sixty two" are enacted and prescribed, concerning the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of the said act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned act, relating to the loans or exchequer bills, authorized to be made by the same act (except such clauses as do charge the same on the taxes granted by the same act, and except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the forbevance of money lent on the credit of the said act) shall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be paid in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the said exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the exchequer bills as shall be made in pursuance of this act, and the interest, premium, rate, and charges incident to, or attending tha same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of the growing produce of the said surplusses, excesses, and overplus monies, or other revenues composing the sinking fund (except such monies of the said sinking fund, as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any former or other act or acts of parliament in that behalf) and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be ifiiied and applied as soon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and discharging such exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the ref-

Thc bank im-poweredto

peftive proprietors thereof.

XI. And be it

declared and further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and

Company

Anno secundo Georgii III. <87

anpmy of the bank of England, to advanceor lendrtohis Ma-^v*eon efty in like manner at the receipt Of the exchequer, upon the ndit of loan granted by this act, any sum or Aims of money, any sum wt exceeding in' the whole the Aim of one million nine thous- fams not ex* Rd two hundred seventeen pounds, two shillings, and eight ceding halfpenny; any thing in an a&made in the fifth and sixth \

fears of the reign of King William and Queen Afary, intituled,h'ea ^and " An for granting to weir Majesty's several rates anddutits upon s Will, and

64 tannage of flips and vessels, and upon beer, -ale, and other liquors, Mary not- far securtng certain recompences and advantages in the said act men- withstanding. 14 turned, to such persons as fkaU voluntarily advance the sum of one mi- ban five hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on the war agatnjb France, " to the contrary thereof in anyj wise notwithstanding.

XII. Aond whereas the commons of Great Britain hr parliament ^bmbled did, in the last session of parliament, unanimously by an humble eutdrefs to his Majesty, humbly beseech his Majesty, that he would he gracieufly pleased to confer same signal mark of his royal favour upon the right honourable Arthur Onslow esquire, then speaker of the house of commons, for hit great and eminent services- performed to his country, for the jpace of thirty three years and upwards, during which be had with such distinguished ability and integrity presided in the chair of that house, and assured his Majesty that whatever expence his Majesty Should think proper to be incurred on that account, the food house would'make good the same to his Majesty: and whereas his Majesty, itibisanswer to the[aid dddress, was graciously pleasedto declare, Ynat he had the juflefl sense of the long services and great merit of Afr. Onslow, W that his Majesty bad already taken the same into hit confederation, and that he would do therein what Should appear to his '

Majesty to be most proper, agreeably to the desire of his faithful commons: and whereas by letters patent under the great fed of Great Britain, bearing date the twentieth day of April, in the first year of his Majestfs reign, his Majesty, in gracious compliance with the de-fire of the house of commons, expressed in the said address, did give and grant unto the said Arthur Onslow, in confederation of his great and eminent services performed to his country as aforesaid, and as a signal mark of his Majesty's royal fayour, an annuity, or yearly sum of three thousand pounds, to be issuing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable stpoUi the respective monies and revenues' thereinafter mentioned, to beheld, received, and enjoyed, by the said Arthur Onslow, his executors, administrators, or djsigns, for and during the natural lives of him the said Arthur Onslow, and of his son George Onslow esquire, and for and during the natural life of the longer liver of them \ and to dire ft that the said annuity, or yearly sum of three thousand pounds, for f$ long time as his Majesty Should continue in life, Should be charged upon and paid out of any monies which Jrom time to time, Should be in the receipt of the exchequer, applicable to the uses of his Majesty's civil government, and that the said annuity or yearly sum shoidd commence from the day of the date of the said letters patent: and whereas by virtue and in pursuance of the said letters patent, several payments have been made out of the monies applicable as aforesaid, to the said Arthur Onslow, amounting in the whole to the

/'<§o ogle

: ed h

i SS Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

fom of two thousand one hundred and thirty four pounds, twelve filings, and threepence halfpenny: and whereas his Majesty has been graciously pleased to signify to his parliament, that it not having been in his Majesty's power to extend the effect of the said grant beyond the term of his own life, his Majesty recommends it to his parliament to consider of aproper method of extending and securing the famejn themofi effectual manner, for the benefit of the said Arthur Onslow; now we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in this presentparliament assembled, being desirous to make good to your Majesty such expenses as have been, and to provide for Jiubas might be, incurred by your Majesty in consequence of the said grant, and to settle and secure, in the most beneficial manner, for the use of the said Arthur Onslow, the yearly fom of three thousand pounds, for and during the term herein after mentioned, agreeably to your Majestfs most gracious intentions, and as a te/Hmony of the grateful and affectionate remembrance which your Majestfs faithful commons retain of the long continued and eminent services of the/w/Arthur Onslow, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted5 and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That&c, See,

21W. ns. 3d. sq. to be issued out of the aggregate fund, to make good the like sum paid to Arthur Onslow esquire, on account of the annuity granted him by his Majesty, in pursuance of the address of the house of

commons.--The said annuity charged, and payable for the future

out of the aggregate fund; to commence on jth Jan. 1761, and to be paid quarterly at the exchequer, viz. on 5th April, 5th July, 10th 08. and 5th Jan. Annuity granted by patent to cease. — Treasury impowered to direct the auditor of the exchequer to make forth, See. debentures for the said annuity as it shall become due without fee; the money to be paid thereupon, without further warrant. — Warrant, after being assigned, is not determinable nor revokable by the demise of his Majesty; or the death or removal of any officer of the treasury.-Officers of the treasury to do all acts necessary to render the said payment effectual without

fee.--- The receipt of Mr. Ort/bw, his executors, or affigps. See. to be

a sufficient discharge for such payment; and the said annuity to be free

of all taxes.--Officers of the exchequer neglecting or refilling to pay

the said annuity, or to do any acte necessary thereto, may be sued.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned > and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this fefjtan of parliament; and for allowing time for the payment of the fiamp dutief omitted to be patd upon into corpo-

rations or companiesy and appointments to offices therein; and for the relief (^"William Earle, in respect of a quan-

tity of white salty loft by (be wreck of aship near the harbour tf/"Publin.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Preamble \X7 E your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons W of Great Britain in parliament having taken into

our serious consideration your most gracious mejfageyjignify-

ingyThat your Majesty, relying of the known zeal and ojsession of

yw

6i/J

Anno secundo Georgii III.

189

tr faithful commons, and confining that in this conjuncture emer-hez/T may arifty which may be of the utmost importanccy and be -tied with the most pernicious consequences, if proper means shouli t immediately be applied to prevent or defeat them; and that your tfaflj ezljby taking into jour most Jerious confederation the imminentt*r with which the kingdom ^Portugal, an ancient and natural y of your crown, is threatened by the powers now in open war with mr Majeshfy and of what importance the preservation of that ting-m is to the commercial interests of this country y is deftrousy that we id enable your Majesty to defray any extraordinary expences of the mr incurredy or to be incurred, for the service of the year one thou-md seven hundred and sixty two \ and to take all such measures as my be necessary to disappoint or defeat any enterprtzes or defegns of mr enemies againfe your Majesty or your alliesy and as the exigency of Wears may require, have rejohed to give and grant to your Majesty be Jitm of one million for that purpose; and do therefore most humbly nfetch your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by lie King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and: onfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Eime, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's Credit of loan most excellent Majesty, by warrant or warrants under his royal granted to hit % n manual, to authorize and impower the of 0f Majesty for has Majesty's treasury now, or for the time being, or any three j^000*000 or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, ra[^th7famt a! any time or times before the fifth day of January, one thou- by loans or land seven hundred and sixty three, to cause or direct any loans exchequer to be taken or received at his Majesty's exchequer from any bills» person or persons, natives or foreigners, body or bodies politico of corporate, ' or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there, for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding, in loans and exchequer bills together, in the whole, the said sum of one in like man*-million, in the same or like manner, form, and order, and ac- ner as is precording to the same or like rules and directions, as in and by fcrib«d by th# an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for bi^session granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great concerning # Britain for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and loans or ex-sixty two, are enacted and prescribed concerning the loans or checl"cr exchequer bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the ^Jeout?* bid aft.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The clauses, all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, advan- &c. in the said tages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities contained in the said «l*t*ng to last mentioned act relating to the loans or exchequer bills au- exchequer* thorized to be made by the same act (except such clauses as do bills thereby charge the same on the taxes granted by the same act, and ex- to be made cept such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the out> forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act) shall be applied and extendea to the loans and exchequer bills to be made c?.tcn?cd in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and t 1# '

Jtorposes, as if the same loans or exchequer bills had been originally

19

Anno secundo Georgii III. £176*

nally authorized by the said last mentioned act, or as if the fakf several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and rev*enacted in the body of this act.

The same to

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, herjepaid out That all such loans or exchequer bills, together with the in-suppUes which tere^y premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the shall be grant- same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and ed in the next shall be repaid or borne by or out of the first aids or supplies session j which shall be granted in the next session of parliament; and in case sufficient aids or supplies for that purpose shall not be granted before the fifth day of Jufy, one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, then all the said loans or exchequer bills, with the interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such monies as, at any time or times at or after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, shall or out of the be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplusses, sinking fund, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues composing the shall°bePrant ^unc* commonty called The Sinking Fund (except such monies of ed*before*11 the -said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or July, 1763. uses by any act or acts of parliament in that behalf) and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging* such loans or exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

Monies iflbed

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority for that pur- aforesaid, That whatever monies shall be so imied out of tho ^nkin^fund10 surplusses, exceflcs, overplus monies, or other revenues tp*bereplaced, composing the sinking fund, shall, from time to time, be re- placed by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament$ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The bank im- V. And be it declared and farther enabled by the authority powered to aforesaid* That it shall and may be lawful for the governor the fa^credit anc* company t^ie ^>an*c of England, to advance or lend to his ofloan, any Majesty in like manner at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the sum or sums credit of the loan granted by this act, any sum or sums of money not exceeding not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million; any thing tyoooo^x>o 1. in an a£ maje; n^fifth sixth years of the reign of King the act c. 6 William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for granting to their

W.&JVLnot- Majesties several rates and duties upon tonnage of ships and vessels, and mhstanding. upon^anj securing certain recompences and

advantages in the said act mentioned, to such persons as J.hall voluntarily advance the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on the war against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 191

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the autho- The monies rity aforesaid, That all the monies coining into the exchequer, fn<ys the either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one ad of this fefllonlan of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and so much money, if any such be, of the tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the same ad, and all the interest, premium, rate, and changes thereon, and the charges allowable thereby for raising the said land tax, Should be satished, or money sufficient Stall be reserved in the exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same j and also all the monies coining into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other ad of this session of parliament. Malt act, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum9 cyder j and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and so much money, if any such be, of the duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the same ad, and all the interest, premium, rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the said duties, shall be satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved in the exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the monies coining into the exchequer by contributions for an- Annuity act, nuities, granted by one other ad of this fef&on of parliament, intituled An act for raising by annuities, in manner therein y the fium of twelve millions, to be charged on the sinking fund; end for applying the surplus of certain duties on spirituous liquors, and also the monies arising from the duties on spirituous liquors, panted by an act of this fejfum of parliament; and also the sum of with the sum one million nine thousand two hundred seventeen pounds, two of 1, 009, 1171, shillings, and eight pence halfpenny, out of such monies as shall J

or may arise of the lurpfasses, excesses, or overplus monies, and themSdng other revenues composing the fund commonly called The Sinking fund

Fund, directed to be issued and applied by one other ad of this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund, and for applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two 5 and for settling and securing a certain annuity for the ujc of the right honourable Arthur Onslow, speaier of the house of commons in the last five parliaments; and also the sum of one hundred and fifteen thousand pounds, aUb the fiun granted by an act made in the second year of his late Majesty's of 115, 0101. reign, upon account of arrears of his late Majesty's civil list replaced out revenues, and now by his Majesty's direction replaced and re- of the dvtudfc funded out of the arrears of the said revenues, which were stand- Of* Geo. II. ing out at the time of his late Majesty's demise; and also the 10#0ooI. sum of twenty thousand pounds, remaining in the receipt of remaining un-the exchequer, being part of the sum of one hundred thousand applied in the pounds, granted to his late Majesty in the year one thousand th^Tney°* seven hundred and fifty eight, upon account, towards defraying granted in

the 1758, towards

192

pay and cloathinjr of the militia;

and 80, 0001. remaining on-applied of the money granted in 1760, towards pay and cloathing of the unembodied militia 3

and 70, 0001. remaining unapplied of the money granted the fail session for the same pur-pofesj

and 73, 6781. surplus of the duties on malt, to 5 Jan.176a 3

and the sum of 1,000, 0001. granted by this act, are appropriated as follows 3

videlicet, 3, 6i», n6l. 9s. id. thereof, towards naval services in general 3

i.ooool. for compleating the chapel to Hafler hof-pkal3

Anno secundo Georgii III. j

the charge of pay and cloathing for the militia for the year < thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, and for defraying f expences as were actually incurred upon the account of the litia, in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty fewj and also the sum of eighty thousand pounds remaining in m receipt of the exchequer, which was granted to his late Majesty, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, upoj account, towards defraying the charge of pay and cloatning fol the unembodied militia for the year ended the twenty fifth d» of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty onej and Urn the sum of seventy thousand pounds remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, which was granted to his Majesty in the last session of parliament, upon account, towards defraying tbi charge of the pay of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and or the cloathing of the part of the said militia then unembodied, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and also the sum of seventy three thousand six hundred and seventy eight pounds, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, being the surplus of the several duties on malt, efb-blished by an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty for paying annuities, granted in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, after satisfying all charges and incumbrances thereupon, to the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, by the said lift mentioned alt, made in this session of parliament, directed to be issued and applied; and the further sum of one million by this afi granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, for and towards the several uses and purposes herein after expressed; that is to say, it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money not exceeding three millions six hundred and twelve thousand two hundred tweoty six pounds, nine shillings, and one penny; for or towards the naval services herein after particularly expressed; that is to say, for or towards victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards sea services in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards defraying the ordinary of his Majesty's navy, and for half-pay to sea officers; and for or towards maintaining nineteen thousand and sixty one marines; and for or towards the buildings, rebuildings, and repairs, of his Majesty's ships, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty twoi

VII. And it is hereby also enabled by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money not exceeding one thousand pounds, for compleating the chapel ordered to be built for the use of the hospital for sick and wounded seamen at Hajler near Gosport, and such other works as may be

after*

1761.]

Anno secundo Georgii III.

*93

Afterwards found proper to be performed before the whole work is put out of hand.

VIII. And it is hereby also enabled by the authority aforesaid, $, 0ool. for That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall compleating and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money 1 rCj^or^tll not exceeding six thousand pounds, for compleating the works hospiuu \*of the hospital for sick and wounded seamen building near "Plymouth.

IX. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid,35, 6*51. 3s. That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall S d. for trans-and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money not P°rt exceeding eight hundred thirty five thousand twenty five pounds, ^5* and three shillings, and eight pence, for the charee of transport fer- Sept'1761. vice, between the first of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and the thirtieth of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, including the expence of victualling his Majest/s land forces within the said time.

A. And it is hereby also enacted fey the authority aforesaid, 6^2, 016 1. as. That out of all or any the aids of supplies aforesaid, there shall 3d. (or chaise and may be issued and applied any fiim or sums of money not of the office of exceeding six hundred forty two thousand nine hundred and f^rvxcc0* sixteen pounds, two shillings, 2nd three pence, for the charge of 1

the Office of ordnance for land service, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of serviceS performed by the office of ordnance for land service, and not provided for by parliament, in one thousand fevert hundred and sixty one.

XI. And it is hereby also endeted by the authority aforesaid, 7, 677^2051. That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shalld. 39-and may be Issued and applied any lum or sums of money not exceeding feveri millions six hundred seventy seven thousand forcci in gC. two hundred and five pounds, thirteen shillings, and two pence aeral 3 three farthings, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's land forces, and other services herein after more particularly expressed; that is to say, any sum or sums of money not exceeding whereof one million (bt huridfed twenty nine thousand thrde hundred>629, 3*0!, twenty pounds, eighteen shillings, and one penny, for defraying, s s' the charge of the sixty fevert thousand six hundred and seventy fix effective men, including those in Germahy, and on an expedi-tien, and four thdufarid and eight invalids, and including commission and non-commission officers for guards and! garrisons*

And other his Majesty's land forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty $73>78ol. iSs* two; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding eight hun- jd. for the dred seventy three thousand seven hundred and eighty pounds, i^ifons in eighteen shillings, and seven pence, for maintaining his Ma- she phnta-jetty's forces and garrisons in the plantations, Gibraltar, Guade- tiens, Guade-Itupe, Africa, and the East Indies, and for provisions for the garrisons in Novd Scotia, Nczvfmid!and> Gibraltar, Providence, <$tie- indies, % nd bee, Gaudeloupe, Senegal, and Goree, for the year one thousand provisions for seven hundred and sixty two > and any sum or sums of money those in gar# Vot. XXV. Q'not ri!oni

giments on the IrUh establishment ftrving in North America;

194 Anno secundo Georgii III' £176#.'

*j,»4l.o«.6d. not exceeding twenty three thousand two hundred eighty four for the 4 re- pounds, and six pence, for defraying the charge of tout regiments of foot on the Irish establishment serving in North America* for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding one hundred sixty three thousand seven hundred and eleven pounds, twelve shillings* and six pence, for defraying the charge of an augmentation to id for aue- Majesty's forces, confiding of nine thousand three hundred mentation of anc^ seventy men, from the twenty fifth day of one

the forces j thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to the twenty fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, born ?s, tg6l. 14 s. inclusivej and any sum or sums of money not exceeding seventy a d. for pay of two thousand eight hundred ninety six pounds, fourteen shillings, she general, and two pence, for the pay of the general, and general staff om-fhtf officer i cers»^officers of the hospitals for his Majesty's land forces*for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and any 44j, 9<al. 10s. sum or sums of money not exceeding four hundred forty three wr thousand nine hundred fifty two pounds, ten shillings, and ten b^fdmiliriai pence> for defraying the charge of the embodied militia of the and fencible*several counties in South, and of the fencible men Of

men of Ar- Argyleshire, and of lord Sutherland's battalion of highlanders in gylefoireitaA North Britain, from the twenty fifth day of, one

land'sbatta- t^lou^an<^ seven hundred and sixty one, to the twenty fourth dw lion of High- of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, boot landers i inclusive, being three hundred and sixty five days; and any sum <0, 706l. 4s.id. or sums of money not exceeding'sixty thousand seven hundred for cloathing and six pounds, four shillings, and one penny, upon account, the embodied for defraying the charge of cloathing for the embodied militia,w for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and

0, 0001. to- any sum or sums of money not exceeding twenty thousand wards pay and pounds, upon account, towards defraying the charge of the pay cloathing of Of tfoe militia of that part of Great Britain called England, when di^nSkii j unembodied, and of the cloathing of the part of the said militia now unembodied, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and any 34, 3*3]. to the sum or sums of money not exceeding thirty four thousand three reduced offi- hundred and eighty three pounds, upon account of the reduced officers of his Majesty's land forces and marines, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and any sum or a, 9Sa1., T^. ^ums moncY not exceeding two thousand nine hundred fifty to the orem two pounds, thirteen shillings, and four pence, for defraying the charge for allowances to the several officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horse guards, and regiment of horse, reduced, and to the superannuated gentlemen of the four troops of horse guards, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding one thousand eight hundred and thirty eight pounds, for the paying of pensions to widows of such reduced officers of his Majesty's land forces and marines as died upon the establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty fifth day of December^ one thousand

fovea

cera of the land force* and marines;

and private gentlemen of the 2 troops of horse guards, and regiment of horse, reduced, &c. 1, 838 1. for pensions to officers wi-'dovrs;

Anno secundo Georgii III.

seven hundred and sixteen, for the year one thousand fevert hundred and sixty two} and any sum or sums of money not exceeding thirteen thousand seven hundred forty nine pounds* 13, 749l. rotten shillings* and five pence, upon account, for out-pensions of*d. for euu Gbelfea Heftitai, fof the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and any sum Or Alms of money not exceeding four pjul} hundred sixty five thousand six hundred thirty eight pounds, ^. $jj., 5^ sixteen shillings, and two pence three farthings, for defrayingd.'jq. for die charge or thirty nine thousand seven hundred and seventy troops of three men of the troops of Hanover, ISaxe Gotha,

and the Count of Buckeburgg, together with that of general and Saxe Gotha,staff officers, actually employed against the common enemy, in and count*concert with the King of Prussia, from the twenty fifth day of Buckeburgg t December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to the twenty fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, both inclusive, to be ifibed in advance, every two to tie itTued, in months, in like manner as the pay of the forces now in advance, eve-

the service of Great Britain, the said body of troops to be mustered by an Enghfb comimfifory, and the effective state thereof to be to be muftei> ascertained by the signature of the commander in chief of the ed by an laid forces; and any sum or sums of money riot exceeding two Enelish coni-hundred sixty eight thousand three hundred and sixty pounds* eight shillings, and eight pence, for defraying the charge of signed by the two thousand one hundred twenty horse, and nine thousand nine commander hundred foot, together with the general and staff officers* the m chief j officers of the hospital, and officers and others belonging to thee^3601. gs* train of artillery, the troops of the landgrave of HeJJe CaJJel, in the pay of Great Britain, for three hundred and sixty five days, troops of the from the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand feveri hun- landgrave of dred and sixty one, to the twenty fourth day of December*one Hesse Caffd I thousand seven hundred and sixty two* both days inclusive* together with the subsidy for the said time, pursuant to treaty; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding one hundred forty 147, 0711. $u seven thousand and seventy one pounds, five shillings, and twod. for charge pence, for defraying the charge of an additional corps of one of an «dditi-thousand five hundred seventy fix horse, and eight thousand troop? of eight hundred and eight foot, together with the general and landgrave staff officers, the officers of the hospital, and officers and others of HeffeCaffdi belonging to the train of artillery, the troops of the landgrave of HeJJe Cajfely in the pay of Great Britain, for three hundred sixty hve days, from the nrft day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, to the thirty first day of December following, both days inclusive, pursuant to treaty 5 and any sum or sums of money not exceeding sixty eight thousand and eight 6g, 0o8l. vs.id* pounds, nine shillings, and one penny, for defraying the charge for subsidy of one thousand four hundred forty four cavalry, and two thousand troops of fandthree hundred thirty infantnr, the troops of the reigningp a^wkka duke of Brunswick, in the pay of Great Britain, for three him- r*dred sixty five days, from the twenty fifth day or December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to the twenty fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two,

O 2 both

19$ Anno secundo Georgii III. £17614

both days inclusive, together with the subsidy for the said time, ' pursuant to treaties; and any sum or sums of money not ex-seeding twenty five thousand five hundred and four pounds, 6* for charge of shillings, and eight pence, for defraying the charge of five bar-j byall.0fl8 talioris serving with his Majesty's army in Germany, each battalion Germany- confiding of one troop of one hundred and one men, and four

y* companies of foot of one hundred and twenty five men in each

company, with a corps of artillery, for three hundred and sixty five days, from the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to the twenty fourth day of December* one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, both day* inclusive; and any sum or (urns of money not exceeding one million three hundred fifty three thousand six hundred sixty binary cx^" PPun<*s> f°ur shillings, and one penny, for defraying the pcncwOT hmd extraordinary expences of his Majesty's land forces, and other forces, and services incurred, to the twenty fourth day of November one other services thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and not provided for by

in ^idedT Par^ament i an<* any sum or sums of money not exceeding one provi or, mission^ Upon account, towards defraying the charges of forage, a, 000, 000 ! bread, bread waggons, train of artillery, and of provisions, and other ex- straw, et cetera\ and other extraordinary expences and

traordinary*contingencies of his Majesty's combined army under the com-expences of mand of prince Ferdinand* and any sum or sums of money not the combined exceeding nine hundred fifty eight thousand three hundred Germ, n*eighty four pounds, and ten pence, for defraying the extraor-_r any*dinary expences of his Majesty's land forces, and other services 20 d? for ex!* incurred, from the twenty fourth day of November, one thou-traordinary sand seven hundred and sixty one, to the twenty fourth day of expences of December following, and not provided for by parliament; and the land any sum or sums Of money not exceeding fifty thousand pounds*

roes, &c. Qn account> towards assisting his Majesty to grant a reasonable

1761, noTpro- succour* in money, to the landgrave of Hejfe Caffiel, pursuant to videdforj treaty.

and 50, 000 1. for the landgrave of Hesse Cassel, pursuant to treaty} i, 000, 0001. to

XII. And it is hereby also enabled by the authority aforesaid,

discharge the That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall like (um bor- ancj may bc jflrucci applied any sum or sums of money not mntto a vote excee^ing one million, to enable his Majesty to discharge the of credit of the like sum raised in pursuance of an act made in the last session of lad fdfion i parliament, and charged upon the first aids or supplies to be granted in this session of parliament, i, 500, 000l. for

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, paying off ex- That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall chequer bills an(j may issued and applied any sum or sums of money not virtue of^an^ exceeding one million five hundred thousand pounds, to enable of the lad his Majesty to pay off and discharge the exchequer bills made fetiion; out by virtue of an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain sum of money towards paying off and difekarging the debt of the navy, and towards naval services* for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty pne j and for allowing further time for making affidavits of the exe-

action

*76l.]

Anno (ccundo Georgii III.

197

cut ion of articles or contrafts of clerks to attornies or[oTicitors, andfifing thereof and charged upon the first aids or supplies to be granted in this session of parliament.

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore- <, 6841. is.iod. laid. That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there for charge* of shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money

not exceeding five thousand six hundred eighty four pounds, one Nova Scotia*

shilling, and ten pence, upon account, for maintaining and sup- 1

porting the civil establishment of his Majesty's colony of Nova

Scotia, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two;

and any sum or sums of money not exceeding four thousand and 4, 0571. to s.

fifty seven pounds, and ten shillings, upon account, for defray- for charges of

ing the charges of the civil establishment of his Majesty's colony y*CIV, 1

of Georgia, and other incidental expences attending the same, Georg

from the twenty fourth of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to the twenty fourth of June, one thousand seven

hundrea and sixty two.

XV. And it is hereby also further enacted by the authority 133, 3331. 6s.

aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, 8d. as a coni-there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of to

money not exceeding one hundred thirty three thousand three inNorthAnvL hundred thirty three pounds, six shillings, and eight pence, rica, for ex-upon account, to enable his Majesty to give a proper compenfa- pences incur* tien to the respective provinces in North America, for the expences incurred by them in the levying, cloathing, and pay of* rc*the troops raised by the same, according as the attive vigour and strenuous efforts of the respective provinces shall be thought by his Majesty to merit; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding twenty thousand pounds, upon account, to be paid0, 009l. to the

to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East India Eafi Indies, towards enabling them to defray the expence of a Sa7^c?iargo military force in their settlements, to be maintained by them in of a military '

lieu of the battalion of his Majesty's forces commanded by lieu- force 5 tenant general Adlercron, withdrawn from thence, and now returned to Ireland \ and any sum or sums of money not exceeding fifteen thousand pounds, to be paid into the chamber of the ij>oooo1. for city of London, to be applied towards the improving, widening, repairing, &c, and enlarging the passage over and through London Bridge, Bridge* without account, other than as is directed for the monies raised 1 by an act made in the twenty ninth year of his late Majesty's reign, intitpled, An act to improve, widen, and enlarge the passage over and through London Bridge; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding forty one thousand seven hundred fifty two 41, 751l. x*s, pounds, and ten shillings, upon account, towards enabling the to the found-

governors ^nd guardians of the hospital for the maintenance bng hospital

and education of exppfed and deserted young children, to main- ^faVutfo t tain and educate such children as were received into the said hospital on or before the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, from the thirty first day of Deember, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one exclusive, to (he thirty first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and

0 3 sixty

Anno secundo Georgii III.

[176 x;

sixty two inplufive; and that the said sum be issued and paid for the use of the said hospital without fee or reward, or any deduction whatsoever; and any sum or sums of money not cx-X3/>eo1. for seeding thirteen thousand pounds, to be employed in main-supporting the taining and supporting the fort at Annamaboe, and other the fcrts and let- Jiritish forts and settlements upon the coast of Africa \ ahd: any sum or sums of monCy not exceeding two thousand pounds, towards enabling the trustees of the British Mufaum to carry on the execution of the trust reposed in them by parliament $ and any sum or sums of money not exceeding four thousand pounds, towards enabling the of appointed by an act passed in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads from Deanbum Bridge, through Greenlaw, and part of Jedburgh rW, by Lauder in tie Shire ^Berwick to Comhill in the county of Durham, and for building a bridge over the Tweed near Coldstream, to build the said fridge, and to defray such other expences as may be found necessary in relation thereto: and any sum or sums of money hot exceeeding ten thousand five hundred and forty pounds, to replace to the sinking fund the like sum paid out of the lame.

tlemenU in Africa

aoooo L to the trustees of the Britisji Mufaeum $ 40001. for building a bridge over the Tweed near Cold-dream j

ao, c4©l. to jnxke good the deficiency

m Tul j"6j to ma*ce good l^e deficiency on the fifth day of July, one thou-of the duties seven hundred and sixty one, of the several duties on malt

sJuly, 1761, of the duties on places and pensions, and Upon boufci and windows;

of__________ t

on malt grant- granted by an act Tricesimo tertio Georgii secundi, to answer an-ed by a^t 33 nujties ?fter the rate 01 four pounds per centumy charged there- Geo. II. jupon; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding fifty two 5d393l*t*$ thousand three hundred ninety three pounds, sixteen shillings, make*goodthe an<! nir}c pence halfpenny, to replace to the sinking fund the like deficiency oh sum paid out of the same, to make good the deficiency on the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, of the several rates and duties upon offices and pensions, and upon houses, and upon windows or lights, which were made a fund by an a eft tricesimo primo Georgiisecundi, for paying annuities at the bank of England, in respect of five millions borrowed towards the supply granted for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight j and any sum or sums of0^90$ 1- to money not exceeding pne hundred and three thousand nine make good the hundred and six pounds, to replace to the sinking fund the like s Julyfum paid out of the same, to make gpod the deficiency on the ot th^addi- fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, of tional duty on the additional duty upon ftropg beer and ale, to answer and pay the several annuities of three pounds per centum, and one pound^T*5 two shillings and fuc pence per centum, of eleven millions four hundred thousand pounds, part of twelve pillions borrowed towards the supply granted to his Majesty by an act Primo Georgii tertii, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one j and any sum or sums of money not exceeding .1*1, 6131. 5 s. one hundred and twelve thousand six hundred and thirteen $d. 1 q to make pounds, five shillings, and five pence farthing, to make good ti*1 of the deficiency of the grants for the service of the year one though"* for the sand seven hundred and sixty one; and any sum or sums of year 17613 mopey po£ exceeding one thousand five hundred pounds, to

4' 'make

tyGi.y Anno secundo Georgii III. ip9>

(lake good the like fuip issued, pursuant to anddref$ of the5oohton*ak« [pqfe of commons, by his Majesty to Jeremiah Dyfony esquire, ikc

wards defraying the expence of printing the journals of the ^rfiant to hmfe of commons from the beginning of the ninth parliament address, to Great Britain to the end of the last session of parliament, and Jeremiah Ifo towards defraying the expence of making and printing in-°*

knees to the second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh vo- Expence of Mki of the journals of the house of commons which have been printing the, iready printed.

Hornals of the hoafe of commons;

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, and fbat out of all or any the aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, j.000, 0001. Itte shall and may be issued and applied any fijm or sums Qoaiy not exceeding one million, upon account, to enable his extraordinary Majesty to defray any extraordinary expences of the war in- expencet of {nrred, or to be incurred, for the service of the year one thou- the war, for find seven hundred and sixty two, and to afljft the kingdom Portugal an ancient and natural ally of his Majesty's crown* the kingdom and to take all such measures as may be necefigry to disappoint of Portugal, and defeat any enterprize9 or designs of his enemies, again! his Majesty, or his allies, and as the exigency of affairs may require.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Thefp aids to aforesaid, That the said aids and supplies provided as aforesaid, be applied to (M not be issued or applied to any use, intent, or purpose M ©ther ufei| whatsoever, other than the uses and purposes before-mentioned,

or for the several deficiencies or other payment* directed to be Satisfied thereout by any act or adfcs, or any particular clause or clauses for that purpose contained in any other act or acts of this present session or parliament,

XVIII. And, as to the said sum of thirty four thoul^md three Rules to be hundred and eighty three pounds, by this act appropriated, on observed in account of hair-pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and de- t!, c apJ* dared by the authority aforesaid, That the rules herein after j^.pay, 9 prescribed, shall be duly observed in the application of the said*half-pay; that is to lay. That no person mail have or receive

any part of the same, who was a minor, and under the age of sixteen years at the time when the regiment, troop, or company, in which he served, was reduced j that no person shall have or receive any part of the same, except such person who did adhial service in some regiment, troop, or company; that no person having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any part of the said half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrison or regiment, who has any ecclesiastical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland,

shall have or receive any part of the said half-pay; that no person shall have or receive any part of the same, who has resigned his cpuunifiion, and has had no commission since; that no part of the lame shall be allowed to any person by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to such persons as would have been f&erwifo intitled to the lame as reduced officers $ and that no

too Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

part of the same shall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot* lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

CJau(e in the

XIX. And whereas by an act of parliament made and passed in the

pc o iGcodh year 0j* fa present Majesty's reign, intituled, " An act for ena-

" bling his Majesty to raise the fttm of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the sup- fc plies granted in this session of parliament; and for exempting any annuities or sums of money granted, or to be granted, to the royal " family from payment of taxes " the several supplies which had been granted to his present Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several uses and purposes therein expressed; amongfe 'which, any sum or sums not exceeding thirty four thousand eight hundred fifty four pounds, nine/hillings, and two pence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majesty's land forces and marines, subject nevertheiejs to such rules to be observed in the application of the said half-pay, tit in and by the aforesaid act were prescribed in Application© f that behalf: how it is hereby provided, enacted, and declared by the savings of the authority aforesaid, That so much of the said sum of thirty the sum of four thbufancf eight hundred fifty fotlr pounds, nine shillings, granted an<* t'vo Penc.e* ass Pr lhah be more than sufficient to satisfy last (Sion the said reduced officers, according to the rules prescribed by the towards said act to be observed in the application thereof, or any part of p^-pay. overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such officers who are maimed, or have lost their limbs in the late wars, or such others as by reason of their long fervkre, or otherwise, his Majesty shall^udge to be proper objects of clarity, or to the widows or children of futh officers, according to such warrant or warrants, under his Majesty's royal sign manual, as shall be signed in that behalf $ any thing in this act or the said former act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And whereas divers admissions of persons into corporations and companies, and admijficns or appointments to offices in corporations and companies, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, have, through the mistake, inadvertency, or neglect, of the officers of such corporations and companies, been omitted to be stamped, as by several acts of parliament is required, whereby the titles to the respective franchises and offices of the persons or officers so admitted or appointed may be drawn into dispute; Further time be it therefore en^sted by the authority aforesaid, That upon the flowed for payment at any time before the last day of Michaelmas term, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, of the duties imposed by u* admis- law upon, for, or in respect of such admissions or appointments, fions and ap- unto the person or persons authorized to receive such duties* pointments of ^nd the rendering such admissions or appointments to the pro-to per officers, in order that the duties may be impressed thereon;

und offices such admissions af*d appointments, and all acts done or to be

'done in consequence thereof, shall be as valid and effectual to

all intents and purposes, as if such admissions and appointments had been stamped, and the duties paid, previous to, or at the '*. time

20f

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III.

time of such admissions or appointments, and in such manner and form as is directed, appointed, and required, by the several ?ds of parliament relating to the said duties; and the respective officers of such corporations and companies, and other persons, shall, from the time of the payment of such duties respectively, and the tender of such admissions and appointments for the duties to be imposed thereon, be and are hereby freed, exonerated, and discharged, from all penalties imposed by the said acts, for or in respect of the omission in the stamping of, and payment of the duties charged upon such respective admissions and appointments, within the time and in the manner directed and required by the fi*id acts, and the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties payable to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and their proper officers and servants are hereby required and injoined to receive such duties, and to cause the admissions or appointments (b tendered, to be impressed or stamped with the proper mark or marks, (lamp or (lamps, used for denoting the payment of the said duties; any thing in the said acts con-tuned to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And whereas in the month of December, one thousand seven ciatife for hundred and fifty nine, at Liverpoole in the county palatine of Lan- relief of W, caster, there was shipped on hoard the Drake, James Mackenzie l*J*m mafiery by William Earl of Liverpoole aforesaid, for the north seas, jben hundred and twenty bushels of white salty for the duty whereof into Dublin bond was given by the said William Earl, Joseph Carter, and James harbour. Mackenzie; and the said vessely the Drake, going into the harbour Dublin, was wrecked, whereby the salt above mentioned was lojl and perished in the sea; but the proof of such loss could not be made within the time limited by law; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the bond or bonds given by the said William Early Joseph Carter, and James Mackenzie, for and in respect of the duty of the said seven hundred and twenty bushels of salt so loft, shall forthwith be delivered up, discharged, and vacated, and the same is and are hereby discharged and vacated accordingly; any act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXV.

4n aS for applying the money granted in this session of parliament, towards defraying the charge of the pay of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the cloathing of the part of the said militia now unembodied, for one yeaty beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the fujn of twenty thousand pounds has been grant-

ei to his Majesty, upon account towards defraying the charge of pay and cloathing for the unembodied militia, for one yeary from the twenty fifth day of March* one thousand seven hundred and sixty r two:

202

Anno secundo Georgii III.

two: in order therefore that the charge of pay and cloathing for such mi* litia may be duly and properp defrayed and satisfied: be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this Wh th £resent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, xnilida is or That in every county, riding, or place within that part of Great shall be raised, Britain called England, where the militia is or shall be raised, but not embo- and is or shall not be embodied, the receiver or receivers gene-died, the re- raj Of the land tax of such county, riding, or place respectively, of the Sunty during the time that such militia shall continue not emit to issue* y bodied, issue and pay the whole sums required in the manna0 months pay in and for the several uses herein after-mentioned 5 that is to lay, advance, ac- for the pay of the said militia for four calendar months in a<U establiSment* vance> at t*ie rale of killings a day for each adjutant, where of pay here set an adjutant is appointed; and at the rate of one shilling for each down i serjeant, with the addition of two shillings and six pence a week for each serjeant major, where a serjeant major is appointed; and at the rate of six pence a day for each drummer, with the addition of six pence a day for each drum major, where a drum major is appointed; and also at the rate of five pence a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the contingent expences of each regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia; and also for half a year's salary for the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia belonging to such county, riding, or place, at the rate of fifty pounds a year j and also for the respective allowances to the clerk of the general meetings, and clerks of the several subdivision meetings, at the rates following; that is to say, to the clerk of the general meetings, at the rate of five pounds five shillings for each meeting; fion meetings j and to the several clerks of the subdivision meetings, at the rate and pay for of one pound one shilling for each meeting; and also for the cloathing of the militia for such county, riding, or place, after the rate of three pounds ten shillings for each serjeant, and two pounds for each drummer, with the addition of one pound for each serjeant major, and each drum major; and with respect to the private militia men where the militia hath not already been cloathed, or hath not been cloathed within three years, at the rate of one pound ten shillings for each private man.

II. Provided nevertheless, That in any county, riding, or place, where pay has not been yet issued for the militia, no such sum shall be issued until his Majesty's lieutenant, or in his absence, any three deputy lieutenants of any such county, riding, or place, shall have certified to the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, and to the receiver general of the land Tax, that three fiftns of the number of private militia men of such county, riding, or place, have been inrolled; and that threq fifths of the proportion of their commission officers have accept-

with half a year's salary to the regimental and battalion clerks*and the allowances to the clerks of the general and Tubdivi-

cloathing of the militia.

The above sums are not to be paid, it pay has not before been ifitted, till the M. lieut.or deputies shall have certified to the trea-

fury ami i ccei- e(j tjjC; r commissions, and qtter?d their qualifications, as by la

vers ^citcrdi

the imminent required.

of three fifths of the men and officers.

W.M4

Annos secundo Georgii III. 203

JH. And be it enacted, That all such sums of money afore- The money it except such as shall be due to the several clerks of the to be issued by meetings aforesaid, shall be paid by the said receiver or receivers the rcc5'ver. general of the land tax, into the hands of the clerk or clerks of f£rk of the the regiments or battalions of militia belonging to such county, regiment or riding, or place, upon his or their producing his or their war- battalion (ex-rant or warrants of appointment to such office, under the hand the and seal of his Majesty's lieutenant for such respective county, the clerk*fof riding, or place; and where the militia shall be formed into an the meetings) incletoendapt company, or independant companies, such sums as upon produc-afWefald shall be paid by the said receiver or receivers general*& the war-of the land tax, into the hands of the respective captain of each ^tment independent company of militid, Or to such person as such re- and for indt-fpte£five captain shall authorize to receive the same, according pendent com* to tfce number of persons hereby irititled to receive pay and PaI^»to doathing, of which such regiment or regiments, battalion or battalions, independent company or independent companies, their*order, shall have been appointed to conffit; and such receiver or re- a second pay* covers general of the land tax, shall also, within fourteen days ment is also to after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time be made with -of the said first payment, make, a second payment for four ca- The first lendarmonths in advance; and shall also, within fourteen days Jnda third*after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time of within three the feud second payment, make a third payment for four calendar months after moriths in advance, for the pay and toritingent expences of the second# militia, and for the allowances to the regimental or battalion elerk or clerks aforesaid, in the proportions herein before-mentioned; and the receipts of such clerk or clerks, and of such Receipts of captain 6f an independent company, or captains of independent the persons to companies, or of such person or persons as such captain or captains shall so authorize to receive such money as aforesaid, shall^10 be a sufficient discharge to such receiver or receivers general of charge the the land tax, for the several sums of money so by him or them receivers ge-pajd. neral-

IV. And be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or ^he regimen-battalion of militia shall forthwith, after the receipt of such sums tal and battar of money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, one calendar lion clerks are pnonth's pay in advance to the adjutant of such regiment or toPay»n ad-battalion respectively \ and to the captain or commanding officer of each company belonging to such regiment or battalion, to the adju-two months pay in advance for the serjeants, drummers, and tarn*and»$hc contingent expences of his respective company; and also months pay to the commanding officer of the company to which the fer- t^n fortEc jeant -major and drum-major shall belong, two months pay in serjeant*, advance for such serjeant and drum-major; and so, from time drummers, to time, so long as any money on that account shall remain ^d contin-in his hands: which pay every such captain or commanding officer is hereby required to distribute to each person belonging company; and to his company by this act intitled to receive the same, as it for the fer-Shall become due; and shall, once in every year, give in to the jeant-major plerk of the regiment or battalion to which luph company shall

belong, the command*

5ng officer of the company to which they belong:

captains to di* ftnbute the pay accordingly} and account for the same yearly to the clerk or receiver general, if an independent company, according to the following fonp j

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

belong, or, if captain of an independent company, to the receiver general, an account of the several payments he shall have made in pursuance of this act, according to the following form:

County of

Dr.

To calk received of Mr.

regimental orl battalion clerk, or re- ceiver general, at the > case shall be> for two months pay in ad-J vanct.

S. d.

Cr.

for y

rom the r

he.of I

int-major (if)company) j for

rom the /

ic of j

Per Contra

Paid serjeant for days pay from of to the following Ditto as serjeant-major (if)one in the company) J Paid serjeant for days pay from of r to the following Paid drummer days at 6 d. from the of to the of following — tt — Ditto as arum-major (if one in the company) Paid drummer days from the of to the of following Two months contigen-cies for men and two drummers at 5 d. per month each

/. d.

and pay back And shall pay back to the said clerk, or to the receiver general, the Airplus as the case shall be, the surplus (if any) of the money.by him, lTands* ex^rom*mc to received, and then remaining in his nands, cept the con- exceP* the money by this a & allowed for contingent expences, tingentexpen- which shall once in every year be accounted for by the captain ces, which is of each company respectively, in manner aforesaid, and the bate be account- jance thereof shall be by him paid into the hands of the clerk and Tpplied to regiment or battalion tp which such company shall be-

th* general long, to be applied to the general use of the said regiment or bat-use of the re- talion, as the field officers and captains thereof, or the greater giment, &c. part of them, shall, at a general fleeting, direct; and the captain dependent eac^ independent company is hereby required to distribute companies to to each person belonging to his company intitled thereto, such distribute the money as he shall receive by virtue of this act; and the said pay to their money allowed for the contingent expences of each independent Synthemo-P* company of militia shall be respectively applied to the particular ney allowed yfe of such independent company by the captain thereof, forcontingent V. And be it enacted, That the said regimental or battalion expences. clerk may an(| shall retain to his own use, out of the money so by Clerk to re- him received, such further sums as shall complete the allowance tain money in herein before made for his fajary; and such regimental or bat-his hands for talion clerk shall pay to such person or persons as shall produce w own laU- an or(jer frotn Majesty's lieutenant, or from the commandant discharge ing officer of such regiment or battalion, such sums of money

the cioatliing as shall be due and owing for or on account of the c|oathing of bills^, r* ft*

Anno&cundoGEoRGH II!/ aog

the said regiments or battalions* not exceeding the rates herein before mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, When the That whenever his Majesty's lieutenant together with two or

more deputy lieutenants, and on the defath or removal, or in puSes*thall^ the absence of his Majesty's lieutenant, any three or more have fixed the deputy lieutenants of any county, riding, or place, shall have days of exer-fixed the days of exercise for the militia, he or they shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the receiver general of such cemfythe county, riding, or place, specifying the number of men, and same to the the number ot days such men are to be absent from home on receiver gene-account of such exercise; and such receiver general is hereby J?1* specitying required, within fourteen days after the receipt of such certifi- m«£andday* cate, to issue and pay to the clerk of the several regiments or they shall be7 battalions, or to the captains of the independent companies, as absent from the case shall be, at the rate of one shilling per day for each pri-rate militia man, with the addition of six pence day for each nem/to^iSbe corporal of the militia, so to be called out to exercise, for the thereupon pay number of days such militia men shall be absent from home on for the men account of such exercise; and the said regimental or battalion to the regi-derks are hereby required forthwith to pay to each captain of £*nta crk* the said regiments or battalions the proportion of pay belonging who it to pay to their respective companies. over the same

VII. And be it further enacted, That during the time of such x?the exercise as aforesaid, the captains of every company shall maketive ^P1*1118-a field return, to be delivered to the commanding officer, and Captains to likewise keep an account of every day's exercise; which ac- m"ce ftcId.count shall, at the end of the time of exercise, be examined by the commanding officer, and compared with the said return, officer; and keep account of every day's exercise, to be examined and compared with the return.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the captain of each Captains to company shall make up an account of all monies received, and paid by him on account of such exercise, according to the fol- cording to* lowing form: the following

form;

County of 1

To cash received of the regimental or battalion clerk, or receiver general, as the toft /ballot» for Day's pay of men

Which account shall be signed by the said captain, and counter- to^fi^cd signed by the commanding officer; and such captain shall, with- by them and inten days after the time of such exercise, deliver such account, countcrligned and pay the ballance^ if there be any due, to the regimental or by comr battalion clerk; or if captain of an independent company, to lngot* die receiver general; and such accounts shall be allowed as fuf- and delivered

ficient with the bal-

Dr.

I

Per Contra

Cr.

Paid militia men at] exercise days Paid additional pay to: corporals

pv; \

Anno secundo Georgii III. f x 761*

fident vouchers in the passing of the accounts of such icctii# general at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer.

Accounts allowed sufficient vouchers.

Darinz the

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That ivheit any ifci

time the giment, battalion, or independent company ofmilitia or XtaH

be embodied and called out ji>to actual service, and thereby the csSedhout!Into officer and private militia men are or shall be ir^titjed Vo&p a£hial service, same pay as the officers and private men in his Majesty's ogvor and receive regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or receivers Stm* other ?enera^nd tax for the county, riding, or place to which torefs! all pay «>ch regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia from the re-7 shall belong, whether to the adjutant, serjeants, private mili-ceivers gene- tia men, or others; and all money allowed as aforesaid for tbs ral is to ccafe. contingent expences of such regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia; and also the allowance to the dent of such regiment or battalion; shall, during such time of actual service, and until such regiment, battalion, or independent company shall be disembodied, and returned home by order of _...their commanding officers, cease, and not be paid.

general0 X. And be it enacted, That the said receiver or receivers of meetings is to the land tax shall pay to the deck of the general meetings his paid his allow-allowance, at the rate of five pounds five shillings for each an<*» uP°n meeting, upon his producing an order or orders for that purpose order from the ^om his Majesty's lieutenant, or from three deputy lieutenants af. lord lieute- sembled at some general meeting or meetings; and shall alto pay nant. or three to each and every the derks of the subdivision meetings, their fe- juries > veral allowances, at the rate of one pound one shilling for each of the fuWU- meet^ng> upon h*s or their producing an order or orders from vision meet- one or more deputy lieutenant or deputy lieutenants; afiemhkd ingsuponpro- in the several subdivision meetings; which said order or orders ducing a shall be to the fai<i receiver or receivers general of the land foVauf a ^uc'cnt discharge for the payment of such allowances,

deputy lieute- and be allowed in his or their account, nant. — Orders to discharge receivers general.

Regimental

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the clerk of and battalion each regiment or battalion of militia shall give security to the security°forlVC rcce*ver or receivers general of the land tax of the county, rid-naying and ing* or place, to which such regiment or battalion shall belong, accounting for by a bond to his Majesty, in the penalty of one half of the fuoi the monies required for the whole year's charge dt the regiment or batta- them- l*on of militia to which such clerk shall belong, for duly an-

fwering and paying such sums as he shall, from time to time

have received, and for duly accounting for the same, and for The bonds to performance of the trust hereby in him reposed; which said be lodged bond shall be lodged in the hands of the receiver or receivers ceWers gene- general of the land tax for the respective county, riding, or ral, and put place, who, in case the said regimental or battalion clerk shall in fust by not duly perform the conditions comprized in the said bond, them ou non- shall, and is hereby required forthwith to put the said bond in

suit

knee to the clerk, or receiver general. —

207

performance of the condition;

and they are intitled thereupon to full colts and charges,

and 5 /. per

cent, of the money recovered

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III.

suit, in the nttne of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors; the full costs and charges of which suit, in case judgment shall be given against such regimental or battalion clerk, shall be paid by him to the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax,

Who shall likewise be intitled to, and receive to his or their own

use, at the rate of five pounds per centum, out of all such monies

as shall be by him or them recovered thereon, and shall account for the residue thereof with the proper auditor of his Majesty's revenue, the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax charging himself or themfehres therewith upon the next account of the land tax to be by him or them palied, the residue to be accounted for to the auditor.

XII. And be it enacted, that the clerk of every regiment or The regimen-battalion of militia, and die captain of every independent com- tal and batta-pany of militia, in every county, riding, and place, within the bon clerk* part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall, between the twenty fifth

dsy of March and the twenty fourth day of June, in the year dent commons thousand seven hundred and sixty three, deliver to the re- nies, are to ceiver or receivers general of the land tax for the county, rid- deliver macing, or place, to which such regiment, battalion, or indepen- countsofthrir dent company shall belong, a fair account in writing of all mo- di^fc-11 nies by him received and disbursed for the service of the pre- menu, ceding year, in pursuance of this act, with proper vouchers for the same; and shall pay back to the said receiver or receivers and pay over general of the land tax, any surplus of such monies that shall bala?ce f then be in his hands; which said accounts, signed by such re- L. ^e'ver* gimental or battalion clerk, or by such captain of an indepen- who are to dent company respecthrely, shall be transmitted by the said re- transmit the ceiver or receivers general of the land tax, into the office of the »un« '"to proper auditor of his Majesty's revenue. office.*

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all penalties,

all costs and charges of suit, and all sums of money for which Recovery of any person or persons is or are by this act made answerable, Penah*e*» fcc» may and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eiToin, wager of law, or protection, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fee or No fee pay-gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon accountable for anT of any warrant or sum of money which shall be idiied in rela-

lion to, or in pursuance of this act. issued purs

fuance of thi*

act

Preamble, reciting daule in ad 3* Geo. II.

From and af* ter s July, 1762, the following additional duty to be laid on llamped vellum, parchment, or paper, viz.

Anna secundo Georgii III.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for better securing the payment of the sums of money directed by an act made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to he applied in augmentation of the salaries of the puisne judges in the court of King's Bench, the judges in the court of Common Pleas, the barons of the coif in the court of Exchequer, at Westminder, and the justices of Chester, and the great fessions for the counties in Wales for the time being.

WHEREAS by an act made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, Ak 44 act for augmenting the salaries of the puisne judges in the court of King's Bench, the judges of the court of Common Pleas, the barons of the coif in the court ^"Exchequer, at Westminster, the judges in the courts of session and Exchequer in Scotland, and justices of Gbt$tt, and the great sessions for the counties foWates, it was set forth that the salaries of the said Judges and justices Were inadequate to the dignity and importance of their offices, and therefore, in order to establish in the first place a proper fund for the augmmta-tien of the salaries of tie said judges in the courts at Westminster, and justices of Chester, and the great fessions for the counties in Wales; certain stamp duties were thereby granted and expropriated to the payL ment of the several and respectivejums of money directed by thefoid act to be applied in augmentation of the salaries of the said loft mentioned judges and justices, and certain sums were directed to be pend yearly, out of the duties and revenues therein mentioned, in augmentation of the Jakries of the said judges in Scotland: and whereas the fund provided for payment of the sums granted in augmentation of the salaries to the said judges and justices in England and Wales; hath proved inefficient to make good and answer the same: We, jour Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Gi*eaf Britain in parliament assembled, in order to make the said fund effectuetl to answer the said purposes, do give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the fang's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords (pi-ritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, there shall be, throughout England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Be? wick upon Tzveed, raised, collected, levied, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for every piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, on which the matters and things herein after mentioned shall be ingrossed or written, at any time or times after the said fifth day of July, over and above the rates, duties, charges and sums of money, now due and payable to his Majesty for or in

209

inns

8.

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III.

respect of the same, the further rates, duties, charges, and sums of money; that is to say.

For every piece of velluih or parchment, or sheet or plecC on every ad of paper, upon which any admission into any of the four inns of court shall bk ingrossed or written, the fuin of two'couit^so pounds. '

For every piece of velluni or parchment, or sheet or piece and on every of paper, upon which any register, entry, teflimonial, or certificate, of the degree of utter barrister, taken in any of thean utto^ar-four inns of court shall be ingrossed or written, the sum of two rifter taken in pounds. any of the inns

of court, 40 s.

Ik And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The said du-That for the better and more effectual raising, levying, col- ties to be un-ledting, and paying, the said additional rates and duties herein na^ement^f before granted* foe same shall be under the government* care, the commif* and management, of the commissioners for the tifaie being sioners for appointed to manage the duties payable to his Majesty, hiS stamps*heirs, and successors, and charged oh stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, by former acts of parliament in that behalf made, who, of the major part of therfi, are hereby required ap-

and impowered to employ such officers under them for that^cerswader purpose as they shall think proper*and to use such dies and them, stamps to denote the stamp duties hereby chained as they shall think fit, and to repair, renew, or alter, the same, froth tithend provide to time, as there shall be occasion, and t6 do all other acts, matters, and things, necessary to be done for putting this act in execution with relation to the said rates and duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorized to put in execution any former law concerning stamped Vellum, parchment, or paper.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the ail- thority aforesaid, That to prevent the multiplication 6f (lamps

for and in respect of the additional rates and duties hereby ne*. granted, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners for

mflead of diilind (lamps, to ascertain the duties granted by denoting the former acts and this act, to cause one new (lamp to be pro- (aiddutm. vided for denoting all the said duties, from time to time, at shall by the said Commissioners be thought proper of necessary.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, velluM. See. That all vellum, parchment, and paper, charged by this act, stamped be- with any of the stamp duties hereby granted, which hath been, fore 5 July, ia or shall before the said fifth day of Juty, be stamped or marked paisuance of in pursuance of the former acts of parliament relating to hisanddiancea- Majesty's stamp duties, or any of them, shall, beforejany of bie with the of the matters or things in respect whereof any rate or.duty duties of this is hereby made payable, shall be ingrossed or written thereupon,

such uwoffing or writing being at any time after the said fifth

day of July, be brought to the head office for stamping or stamp office

Vol. XXV, 1 P marking in order to

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

210

have an addi- marking of vellum, parchment, and paper, to be damped or 't5, °nreffedP mar*ce<* another mark or damp, over and besides the w$/och a* marks or damps put or to be put thereupon, in pursuance of shall not have the said former alls or any of them; and that all velnim, pardx-keen damped ment, and paper, which hath not been, or Audi not, before before theihid the said fifth day of July, be damped or marked in pursuance anceo^for-^" former alls, or any of them, shall, before any of the

mer acts. is to matters or things in respect whereof any damp duty is payable* be dulyfUmp- hereby, and by the said former acts or any of them, mail be dsa^by thereupon ingrossed or written, such ingrossing or writing be-tecany'mat- in& a"cr be brought to the said

ter or thing head office, and there marked and damped with the proper W ingrossed marks or damps, or mark or damp, provided, used, jot ap-b*r*h pointed, or to be provided or appointed, in pursuance of the (kid former acts, or of this act, to denote the re(pcltive dttjje* thereby and hereby respectively charged thereupon; and if any of the dud matters and things so to be ingrossed or written as aforesaid, shall be ingrossed or written contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not appearing to nave been duly marked or damped, according so this act, that then, and in every such case, there shall be qirforfeitfcre due, answered, and paid foyer and above the stamp duties of el. over able hereby, and by the said former acts, or any of them; and above the or in respect of every such matter or thing, the sum of« and such writ Poun<fe > and that no such matter or thing shall be available kig, See. beingnaw qr equity, or be given in evidence, or admitted in any unavailable in court, unless as well the said duty hereby charged in respea law, till the thereof, as the said sum of five pounds, shall be nrft paid to the for^tum be rcc^vcr for the time being of the stamp duties, qr his

paid,deputy or clerk, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, and the pro- upon which such matter or thing is so ingrossed or written, per ft amp im- shall be marked or damped, according to the tenor and true prefle<k meaning hereof; and the said receiver general, and his deputy Receiver ge- or clerk, are hereby enjoined and required, upon payment neral, Sec. to or tender of the said duties, and of the said sum of five pounds, JSr the<fiL&t# anc* ^uch other sums» 39 by the said former acts ar; e payable in lobbiesi* that behalf, to give a receipt for such monies; xand the other 3hdthe stamps proper officers are thereupon required to mark or damp such to be there- matters or things with the proper marks or stamps, or mark «pon impref- or stamp required in that behalf; which said sum of five pounds Penalty to be '* to^applied to the same uses and purposes, as the chides applied as the hereby granted are to b.e applied.

duties. V, And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeSd,

Duties to be That the rates and duties herein before granted, shall he* paid, paid into the from time to time, into the hands of foe receiver genial for hands of the the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, receiver ge- paper, who (hill keep a separate and distinct account

who is to keep of the and duties arising by virtue of this all, and pay

a separate ac- the same (the oeceflary charges of raising, paying, and account thereof, counting for such rates and duties, being decjulled) into the t^Saeilito vf the exchequer, for the purposes herein after exp?e&&

the exchequer!*

r.} Anfto Iccufldo GioaQii lit. 211

t (itch time and in such manner, as any former duties on sunped vellum, parchment, or paper, are aireded to be paid; nd that in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, shall be, tended and kept a book or books in which all the monies "* riling from the rates and duties hereby granted and paid into provide a book he £ud receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart for entering com all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his Kirs, and futcessors, upon any account whatsoever, and (M* JSer mo5«!*applied in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said of, and all other officers who shall employed in X employed in the collection or management of the said xates the coHcction. uid duties herein before granted, shall, in the execution of andmanage-their offices, observe and perform such rules and orders as they respectively shall, from time to time, receive from the high trea- 0bferiVthe ° finer or the of of the treasury, or any three or more direction of ef them, for the time being; and that no fee or reward shall be the treasury; taken or demanded by any such of of officers, from aiK? no wy of his Majesty's subjects, for any matter or thing to be enby

done in pursuance of this act; and in case any officer employed andneglecting in the execution of this act, in relation to the said rates and their duty, to duties, shall refuse or neglect to do or perform any matter or the damage of thing by this act required or directed to be done or performed by turn, whereby any of his Majesty's subjects shall or may to make good Main any damage whatsoever, such officer so offending shall the lame, with be liable, by any action to be founded on this statute, to an- treble costs firer to the party grieved all such damages, with treble costs ot suit*offuit.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, and they are That the said of, and their officers, shall be subject "Me subject to such penalties and forfeitures for any breach of the tnids ndtireforany in them reposed, or for diverting or misapplying the money breach of 1 received in pursuance of this act, as by any former law relating trust, &c. as to stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, are inflicted j and inflicted that all powers, provisions, articles, dauses, penalties, forfeitures, distribution of penalties and forfeitures, and all other^the

matters and things prescribed, inflicted, or appointed, by any provisions, iec.

former act or acts of parliament relating to tire stamp duties on in those a&s}

vellum, parchment, and paper, and not hereby altered, shall be in hill force and effect with relation to the rides and duties

hereby impoied, and shall be applied and put in execution for to this act

the rafsing, levying, collecting, and securing the said rates and

dudes, according to the true intent and meaning of this act,

is fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had several -

ly ami respectively been herein enacted with relation to the rates

and duties hereby imposed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty of That if any person from and after the (add fifth day of July, counterfeiting shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, °IforKb18anf any seal, damp, or mark, to refanble any leal, damp, or mark, ^beefcdfor directed or allows) to be used by this act', for the purpose of de- the purposes

Ft noting of this act t

' 2ti Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

or of felling noting the duties hereby granted; or shall counterfeit or refem-any vellum, tie the impression of the Tame, with an intent to defraud hisMa-ct*interfeitC je^y> his heirs, and successors, of any of the said duties, or shall stamps} utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, of paper, liable or of privatelyt0 any such stamp duty, with such counterfeit stamp or marie,

using any of knowing the lame to be counterfeit; or shall privately or firau-the allowed dulently use any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed

anTmenrio to a<^> ^ntent to defraud his Majesty, his

defraud; heirs, and successors, of any of the said duties, every penoU so i is felony, offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be a<l-without bene- judged a felon, and mall suffer death as in cases of felony, with- nefit of clergy, out benefit of clergy.

Duties of this,

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

and of the for- That the duties hereby granted, and the duties arising by vir-iner act of tue of the said former act, made in the thirty second year of be a^oin/ftlnd his kte Majest/s reign, shall be, and are hereby maae one for paying the j°*nt fond* for answering and paying, in such manner and projudges ftfa- portions as are therein directed and appointed, with respect to ries; the duties thereby granted, all such sums of money as shall be-

come due and payable from and after the said fifth day of July in pursuance of the said act, to the puifiie judges in the court of Kings Bench, the judges in the court of Common Pleas at Westminster, the chief and other barons of the coif in the court of Exchequer at Westminster, the chief and second justices of and the fiir- Chester, and the justices of the great sessions for the counties Served* for the " /or the f.mebeingrefpeaively; and if any surplus

disposition of shall remain of the produce of the said fund, the same shall be, parliament..reserved for the disposition of parliament, in such manner as any surplus of the duties granted by the said act, are thereby directed to be reserved.

X. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be filed or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done, or to be done t or executed, in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing

in this act contained, such person or persons shall and may plead General issue. the general issue, and give the special matter, in evidence, for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants'Treble costs, shall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

[Preamble.]

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for vesting certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, upon the sea coasts, in the counties of Kent, Suffer, and Southampton, on which forts and batteries have been trebled for the defence of the said coasts, in trustees, for certain uses; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the coasts ^Sussex, Kent, and Southampton, lap open and exposed to the hoftilt invasions of his Majesty'i

enemies;

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III.: 2^3

enemies: and' whereas our late mo/l gracious fivereigtt lord George the Second, out of his paternal afsection, tendering the welfare and protection of his dutiful and loyal Subjects, did order and direct the master general and principal officers of his ordnance, to erect and build several forts and batteries, at convenient iifiances, upon the faii* coajls; and whereas, in pursuance of such orders, forts and batteries have been erected by and with the consent of the owners and proprietors of the several lands herein after-mentioned, on which the same are reflectively erected', at Little Hampton, Brighthelmston, Newhaven, Blotchington, Seaford, Hastings, and Rye, the county of Sussex; and at Folkstone and Hyth, in the county of Kent; and in the parish and Island of Portsea, in the county of Southampton: and whereas it is just and reasonable that the several owners and proprietors of such lands Should have proper compensation andsatisfaction made for their respective interefi therein, and that the jif/ lands Should be vefiedfor ever in the crown, or in trustees, for the use and benefit of your Majesty, your heirs, and successors, after such compensation made to the owners and proprietors* of the find lands;

May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all that piece or parcel of land situate on the The lands, fca shore on the east side of the entrance into Arundel Haven, with the bar-in t^te parish of Climpton, in the county of Sussex, containing racl5s andraa-two acres, twelve perch and an half, on which a fort or bat- hereon the tery called Little Hampton Battery, with gunners barracks, and several fort* the magazine thereto belonging, have lately been erectedand or batteries also all that piece or parcel of land situate on the sea shore at following the east part of the town of Brighthelmston, in the said county on^tthT* of Sussex, containing one rood, twenty seven perch and three Hampton, oft quarters, being part of the lands of Brighthelmston aforesaid, the entrance called The Eafi Clift, on which said piece of land last mentioned^ in Arundel the fort or battery called Brighthelmston Battery, with gunners g^Ihthelra-barracks, and the magazine thereto belonging, have latdy been fton Battery» credted; and also that piece or parcel of land situate on the north side, at the entrance of the harbour of Newhaven, in the said county of Sussex, containing one acre, two rood, and 17 twenty seven perch, part of the lands called The Castle Hill, oA which said piece of land hist-mentioned, the fort or battery called Newhqven Battery, with gunners barracks, and the magazine thereto belonging, have lately been erected; and also Blotchingfon all that piece or parcel ofland situate in the parish of Blochington, Battery j in the said county of Sussex, together with a way and passage five hundred twenty six feet in length, and ten feet wide, from the west angle of the said piece or parcel of land, to a certain well situate on Blotchington Down, which said piece or parcel of land, with the said way or passage, contain three acres, twenty one perch, and on which said piece or parcel of land, a fort or battery called Blochington Battery, with gunners bar-and the paagazine thereto belonging, have lately been

2*4

Anno secundo Georgii III.

Seaford Battery;

Halting Bat-

Uf/l

erected; ar\d also all that piece or parcel of waste land situattf in the parish of Seaford, in the said county of Sussex, containing, together with a well at thfe town of Seaford, one acre, one rood, and seven perdh, being the greatest part thereof waste Iandf called Seaford Beach, on Which the fort and battery called Seaford Battery, with the gunners barracks, and magazines thereto belonging, have lately been erected; and also all that piece or parcelof waste land, situate in the parish of Saint Mary of the Castle, ort the pier at the West side of the tbwn of Hafititjf, in the said county of Sussex, on which a battery called Hasting flattery has lately been eitested; and also alt that other piece Or parcel of land, situate bn the said pier, on which the gunners -barracks, and magazine belonging to the said battery aft-mentioned, have lately been ereified, which said two pieces or parcdsdf land last mentioned, contain together one rood and twenty five perch; and also all that piece or parcel of waste land situate zt Rye, in the said county of containing one acre, two rood;

and thirty three perch, called The Gun Garden Battery, where frith the Upper an old battery formerly stood, and on which two new batteries nd Lower

Gun Garden Battery, at Rye,

Batterief there

polk (tone Rettery {

called the Upper Battery and Lower Battery, and the magazine to them belonging, have lately been ere died; and also afi that other piece or parcel of waste rand situate at Rye aforesaid, containing fix pprch, being part of the Waste Called The CHd fard, on which the gunners barracks, belonging to the fold batteries last mentioned, have lately been erected; and also all that piece or pardel of land situate at Folkestone in the county tff Kent, containing one acre, one rood, and twelve perch, being part of a piece of land called The Upper Bail Ground, on Whitn HythBattery; a fort or battpry has been lately erected; and also all that piece or parcel of waste land situate near the town of Hyth, in the said county of Kent, containing twenty one perch, on which

a battery of five guns has been lately erected; and also all that other piece or parcel of waste land near the said town of Hyth, containing twenty four perch, on which the gunners bar-

{.ump's Bat- racks and magazine belonging to the said battery last men- ery, at Port- tioned, have been lately erected; and also all that piece of

and Taflpey flattery;

parcel of land situate in the parish of Portsea in the county of Southampton, containing four acres, three rood, and seventeen

?erchj being part of two fields called The Sixteen Arte Field and -he Eighteen Acre Field, belonging to Lump's Farm, in the said parish of Portsea, on which a fort or battery, called Battery, with the gunners barracks, and magazine thereto belonging, have lately been erected; and also all that piece or parcel of land situate in the said parish of containing

six acres, two rood, and twenty one perch, being part of two fields called Lock's Put tod, and the thirty acre field belonging so a farm called Eastney Farm, in the said parish of Portsea, On which a fort or battery called Eastney Battery, with the gutmerii barracks, and magazine thereto belonging, have lately been erected, together with the beach or (hingle between high water mark and low water mark, contiguous to, and adjoining ttfo said fpver^l piece? or parcel? of lapa, pr any or either of them;

xy(n.] Ahrio feccmdo Gifonofl III. ii$

mtd all dther* rights, members, and appurtenances, to them, or any or either of them, belonging or appertaining, shall be, and am hereby, vested and declared to be in the adhtal and are sevenlly real possession and seisin of Sir John Gttfl baronet, speaker of the veiled, with house of commons; the honourable Robert Fairfax, Sir JVynd-ttw r,8ht*» bam Knotebbull Wyndham baronet, Thomas Pelham E (quire, John Butler Esquire, tire right honourable Henry BUfon Legge, and naaeca thei*! She Simeon Stuart baronet, their heirs and assigns for ever, in to bWenging, > trust neverthelef* for such person and persons, bodies politic or corporate, ecclesiastical or civil, as at or immediately before the time of making this act, were the several and ret- intrust-for' pedrive owners and proprietors thereof, according to their the respectiyo several estates and intereib therein at the fetoe time, in pof* ownereaad session, reversion, remainder, or otherwise, until such estates '

sod interests shall be respectively adjudged and determined, and reasonable and just compenfrtion and fetisfedrion shall be made for the same.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, His Majesty That for the better ascertaining the several owners and pro- nhpowerea to prietors of the said lands, and their respective titles and claims letter* thereto, it shall and may be lawfol to and for his Majesty, by £rinfa/eon»* one or more commission or commissions, by letters patent milEonereto. under the great seal of Great Britain, to authorize and appoint bnr and da-iny number of persons to be comtniflioners to hear and deter- tonmnethe ftmd iM titles and claims that shall or may be made to the said elsinuof tl» 'lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or to any part or parcel &veral pro-thereof; which commissioners so to be appointed, or any five prietor* of the or more of them, are hereby authorized and required, and c"d, awJ*« shall and toay, in a summary manner, proceed, act, and de>-termine, by and upon the testimony of witnesses upon oath ment*, and " (which Path they, or any five or more of them, are hereby their reipac-impowered to administer) inspection and examination of deeds, intends writings, and records, or by inquest of twelve good and lawful Theyarat© men to be impanelled and iworn in manner herein after men- proceed ther % tioned and directed, or by all or any of the said ways, or other- m in a sum-wife, according to their discretion, all and all manner of rights, niaryway by estates, and interests, and all controversies, debates, and questions, which shall happen and arise between any person or per- upon fens whatsoever, or any other matter or thing relating to any infee^on and of the premises, or any part thereof; and mail have power examination to find for any person or persons, and oblige them to produce their deeds or writings, upon oath, relating to any of the same, or by hi. pretnifles j and al(b shall and may, by agreement with the que'ft. See. respective person or persons that shall be determined to be the and they are owners and proprietors of the said lands, or by the said inquest, mP5>*eredtfl of the said twelve good and lawful men to be impanelled and r^rfonT an5 (worn, inquire, proceed, act, and determine, touching and obiiMtkemio concerning the true and real value of the said premises, or any produce their

Ert or parcel thereof, were or was of at the time the same were de*d'>*'* ft made ufc of for the purposes aforesaid: and the said com- pttmifoti-tniflionersj or any five or more of them, are hfreby required^'

P+ to

3i6 Anno secundo Georgii III. [1766.

and, by agree- jo cause all their judgments and decrees to be entered fairly in °t fVtl °^s > which judgments and decrees shall expressly mention Sic valueC C specify the respective number of adres or parcels of la&d, thereof: with their several abuttals and boundaries, together with the

They are to name or names of every person or persons interested respectivch cauie their in the same j and the respective sum or sums that shall be so sm/dccKti agreed for or assessed by the said jury to be paid for the lame to be entered respectively; which judgments and decrees shall like wifebe in books, fairly ingrossed on parchment, and certified to the clerk of the foecifying the crown in Chancery, and to the King's remembrancer in his andbounda- Majesty's court of Exchequer \ and suchjudgments and decrees riesofthesaid made as aforesaid shall be final, and shall conclude all and land*, with every person and persons, bodies politic and corporate, eccle-the name* of fiastical and civil, their heirs, successors, executors, admmA intendeds ftnrtors, and assigns respectively, notwithstanding any diA and the sum* ability or incapacity whatsoever; any law 'Statute, or custom, agreed for, or other matter or thing whatsoever, to the contrary notrtith-or assessed by- (landing, copies of which said judgments and decrees shall Sid for the^kid forthwith before both houses of parliament, that a just same.or and reasonable compensation and satisfaction may be made to the several owners and proprietors of the said lands, tenements,

h-diu, mts.

decrees to be tikewife ingrossed on parchment, and certified to the clerk of the crows in Chancery, and the King's remembrancer in the Exchequer: The same to be declared to he final and conclusive to all parties $ and copies thereof are to to be laid forthwith before both houses of parliament, in order that a reasonable compen(atk» may be made to the several owners.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better carrying the said commission or commissions into execution, the said of to be appointed in Commission- and by the said commission or commissions, or any five or more mirnpowered of them, shall, and lawfully may, and are hereby authorized ramsto'dve an<* recluire(l to issue forth their warrant or warrants, under sherifft for their hands and seals, to be directed to the respective sheriffs impanelling of the respective counties wherein such lands, tenements, or f ffi^Urnjnl> hereditaments shall lie, thereby commanding them respectively fury. C1CDt tomPane^ fijmmon, and return, before the said commissioners, at such' times and places as shall be appointed in such warrantor warrants, a good and diffident jury of twenty four good and lawful men qualified to serve upon juries, at the a(Dzes for Jury to be the said respective counties; who upon their oaths (which oaths (Worn: the (hid of, or any five or more of them, shall have

Their duty, power to administer) shall enquire into the true and real value of the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and every part or parcel thereof, and who respectively are the owners and proprietors thereof, and their respective estates and interests or more of therein; and the better to enable the said jurors to make such themmay be enquiry, the said of shall, and lawfully may, direct, tmkea view ofn ^c*r warrant or warrants to the said respective sheriffi, the premHfes. a view to be taken by fix qr more of the said jurprs, of the fe-

Anno secundo Georg u III. *7

rcral lands in the said respective counties, at some time previous to the meeting of the said of; and the sheriffs of the said counties respectively, upon receipt of such warrant Sheriff to im-or warrants from the said of as aforesaid, are here- panel andfum-by required to impanel, summon, and return, twenty f°ur Scroixirns, good and lawful men qualified to serve upon juries at the $&. affixes for the said respective counties, and in the mean time to have fix or more of the said jurors so impanelled and sworn, to view the said lands in their respective counties; and at the and, at the rereturn of such warrant or warrants to attend the said commis-0

sioners, with his bailiffs or officers, to prove, if necessary, the attend, with luminous of the jurors so to be impanelled and returned ref-his officers, the pedlively, upon oath, which oath the said of, or commission-any five or more of them', shall have power to administer to the"

the said sheriff, and his bailiffs and officers, or any or either of service of the them: and in case the said sheriff or sheriffs, and his or their summom; bailiffs and officers, or any or either of them, shall neglect or Sheriffs or of-refuse, being duly served with such warrant or warrants of, the ficer* neglect-(aid of fourteen days before the return thereof, to impanel, summon, and return such jury of good and lawful p men as aforesaid, br otherwise refuse to execute such warrant or warrants, or shall not attend the said of, with hfs bailiffs and officers, who shall summon the said jurors, at the return of such warrant or warrants, as aforesaid; then, and in may be fined either of the said cases, the said of, or any five or by the com-xnore of them, are hereby authorized and required to impose

a fine on such sheriff, bailiffs, and officers, or any or either of ceeding^ 20J*. them, so making default, not exceeding twenty pounds, nor nor left than less than ten pounds, for any One offence; and in case the said 101, for one jurors so to be impanelled, summoned, and returned, or any offence' or either of them, shall neglect or refuse to appear at the re- Jurorsnegled-tum of such warrant or warrants, and to be sworn for the pur- ing their duty,

E>fes aforesaid; then, and in such case, it shall and may ^xcufe may01 wfiil to and for the said of then assembled and be fined in like met, to impose a fine upon each and every of the jurors so manner, impanelled, summoned, and returned, and without lawful ex-cute, (to be allowed of by the said of then fitting, or the major part of them) making default or refusing to be'sworn, not exceeding the sum of ten pounds of lawful money in a sum net of Great Britain; which fine and fines so to be imposed and set, exceeding 10L the said of are hereby authorized and required to Fincj^estreat into his Majesty's court of Exchequer, to be levied to the ©(treated into use of his Majesty. the Exchequer; and levied to the use of his Majesty.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, ThatJn Ifafuffiricnt case a sufficient jury shall not appear upon the return of the said warrant or warrants to take the inquest, it shall and may be return of the lawful to and for the said of, or any five or more warrant, -of them, to adjourn the said inaueft to any future day, not thVcoramif-exceeding fourteen days, nor lets than four days from the adioursTthii adjournment thereof, and to issue out their warrant or warrants inquest to

same future day, not exceeding IA days, nor left than 4.

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

-for impanelling, summoning, and returning, an equal number of jurors to those To making default, who, together with the jurors before returned by the sheriffs of the respective counties upon such fccood warrant or warrants afterwards to be issued, or and HTue their upon any future warrant or warrants, adjournment or adioura-warrant for fluents, which the said of are hereby authorized tp and make, from tjmc to time, until a Efficient jury can a number he had, shall esquire as aforesaid. equal to those making default.

Twelve deem- V. Provided always, That twelve good and lawful men shall ed a fyScitut be sufficient totaketne inquest aforesaid; and that in case twelve jury* or more (not exceeding twenty three in the whole) shall appear

Thoiury be- be sworn to take such inquest, then, and in such case, the utgsworn, the Taid of shall continue and fit from day today, until commifBon- the said inquest shall be taken; and after the inquest shall be from ds? to may adjourn.to some future day for making their judg-

day, unql ments and decrees thereon.

the inquest is taken*and may then adjoufa to some future day for making the n-judgments and decrees thereon.

Commission- 'VI. And, to the intent that no person or persons may have ers to give 30 any cause or pretence for not appearing to make out their days notice, claims or title to the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

their meetinz or Part or Parce* thereof; be it further enacted by the ay-for the pur-thority aforesaid, That five or more of the said of poles atore, shall give notice in writing thirty days at least before their »id 5 meeting at each place, which writing shall be affixed at the

thefametobe respective doors of the guild hall of the city of Canterbury, the doon of the*town hall of the borough of Lewc$> and the town hall of tfee guild hall of borough of Portsmouth, and at the principal gates of, and ey-Canterbury, trances into, the respecti ve forts and batteries before mentioned; xHT" k*ancf shall likewise be Dublished in the London Gazette: and if ^rtfmemth, any person or persons shall oegle<ft or refuse to appear, or, when and the prin- he or they shall appear, shall wilfully refuse to mew his or their - opal gates deeds or writings relating to the premisses, that then the said and entrances of, or any five or more of them, and the jurors to foectfvc forts he impanelled and sworn upon such inquest, shall proceed, upon and batteries the best information they can get or have, to make such inquest* before men- judgments, and decrees, as before directed; and all such judg-ik'J'd; ments and decrees, being entered and certified as aforesaid, in the ULo^ed shall be final and conclusive.

don Gazette. Where persons refuse to appear, or produce their evidence, purfu^nf to such notice the of and jurors are to proceed upon the best information they can get $ and the judgments and decrees thereupon made, are declared to be final and conclusive.

'Upon pay-

VII. And be it Author egactedby the authority aforesaid,

went of the That immediately from and after the time that payment shall sums decreed fee made of the lym and sums of money To to be agreed for or ^vepiopnT ask*k<l by the said jury, and decreed and adjudged by the said p*©ommissioners, or any five or more of them, to the owners ?nd proprietors of the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments

horrid

t

1761.9 Amo ftcundo GEOSL&tt ID., ^19

herein before mentioned, or to any or either of them, the thetrusteea trustees herein before mentioned-Stall be deemed and adjudged S*£v

to (land fcifed of such part and parcel of the find premises as wall to

he so paid for, to and for the life of his Majesty, his heirs, and stand Teifed of 'fuccenors, for ever, freed and difrbarged of and from all and the pranifo, all manner of right, title, chum, and demand whatibver, that can or may be made by any person or persons, bodies politic or ft^CTcrfrecd corporate, ecclesiastical or civil. mddlfehsifsi

efaUdaims, See.

VilI. And be it further enacted by the authority afbro&id, 'CommOTee-That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, upon the complaint of any fottm, ! rf wn-owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, of any other lands and dwnge dons hereditaments adjoining to any part of the lands and heredka- roadjoinieg meats by this act vetted in the said trustees, that, he, she. Or bT they have received any damage by the erecting or compleatine of any of the works thereto belonging, to examine into and Uy of the said hear every fudi complaint, and shall make an estimate of such works, damage, and ftitil return such estimate with, and in the man- we to examine tier they are herein before directed to return, the afbcefiud judg-.ments and decrees. midee and re*

turn an estimate of the damage.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority -aforesaid, No private That no private building or buildings shall be made or erected upon any of the lands veiled by this act as aforesaid; and that the whole profits anting, or 'that shall hereafter arise, from the the Unds bid lands, be, and are hereby appropriated and applied for veftedasafocw' and towards die ercAbn and reparation of the respective for- Wd by this tifications of each place, and to no other life or purpose whatsoever; and all and singular the premisses Hull be and are fits srifing" hereby enacted and declared to be unalienable from the crown; from the said neither shall any part of the premisses be (knifed or demifeable, otherwise than during pkafure only.

b* applied towards the

sredion and reparation of the icfpefHve fortifications. The pretaifles declared to be unalienable from the crown; and are not demifeable but daring pleasure.

X. Provided always, That no commissioner who Ihsdl be Commission-employed in the execution of this act, shall be liable, for or by reaibn of such execution, to any of the penalties mentioned in nalties oftfae tin aA made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King several qualifi-Charles the Second, intituled An act for preventing dangers whim cation acts of map happen frompopish retufantsj or in one other act made in the ][}*

-first year of rthe reign of King Williamand Queen Mary, inti- tjk14W.nL tuled, An act for the abrogating the oaths offttpremacj and,

and appointing other oaths; or in one other act made in the parliament holden in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of the late King William the Third, intituled An act for themter featrky of his Majestf s person, and the ftuctffion of the eroum in the

f roteflant line j and for extinguishiijg the hopes of efVf ales, and all other pretenders, and their open and secret.6

*nd j Geo. I.

The commissiontraare^Qt difauilified, by beingsuch, from fitting in the house of commons) or vtheir election thereby be-pine void.

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

tbrs: or in one other act made in the parliament begun and holaen in the first year of the reign of King George the First, intituled An act for the better feewrity of his Afajeftfs person and government, and the fiucefjion of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, being brotejiants; and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open andfecret abettors.

XL. Provided also, and be it enacted, That such commis-Coners as his Majesty shall nominate for the purpoiies in this act, or any of them, shall not by reason thereof, in any fort be disabled or disqualified from fitting in the house of commons', or their election thereby become void; any law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

---

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Mullen's Pond in the county of Southampton, to the eighteen mile stone from the city of Salisbury near Willoughby Hedge; and from West Amesbury to Anstlow Hill; and from Amesbury to Fiddleton; and from the New Inn in Amesbury to the end of the parish leading to Durrington; and from Wily to Cook's House and Landford; and from Beacon Hill to the Nag's Head; and from thence one mile of the road leading to Shrewton in the county of Wilts.

CAP. XL.

An act for supplying the town of Halifax with water.

CAP. XLI.

An act for rendering more effectual several acts passed in the fifth year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the thirteenth year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the roads from the top of Stokenchurch Hill to Enslow bridge, through the city of Oxford, by Begbrooke, to New Woodstock in the county of Oxon; and for repairing the road from the Crown alehouse, to the turnpike on Stokenchurch Hill aforesaid; and for repairing the mile-ways on each side the said city, as therein mentioned.

CAP. XLII.

An act for repairing, widening, and altering, the road from Sandon in the county of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy in

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III. 221

the county of Chester: and from Hilderstone, to Draycott in the Moors; and from Wetley Rocks, to Tean, in the said county of Stafford.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for repairing and widening roads in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the borough of Saltash in the county of Cornwall.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from a certain place near Bolton in the Moors, to Leigh; and thence to the guide post near Golbourne Dale, and to the south end of Newton Bridge; and from the said guide post to Winwick; and from Newton by Parr Stocks, to the guide post in Parr, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. XLV.

An act for better regulating the poor; maintaining a nightly watch; lighting, paying, and cleansing the streets, rows, and passages; providing fire-engines and firemen: and regulating the hackney coachmen, chairmen, carmen, apd porters; within the city of Chester.

---

CAP. XLVI.

XLVI. An act for repairing and widening the road from thp Lostwithiel turnpike road, in the parish of Creed in the county of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Ruan Laneborne; and from Dennis Water, to three hundred yards on the south side of Trethim Mill, in the parish of Saint Just, in the said county.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for the enlightning the streets, lanes, and passages, within the town and county of the town of Nottingham.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by two several acts, passed in the fixt ha fifteenth years of his late Majesty, for the more effectual repairing the roads leading from Wadefmill in the county of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, and for making the said acts more effectual.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for amending and widening the road from the turnpike road at or near the town of Swindon, to the north end or side of the town of Marlborough, and from the said town of Marlborough to the village of Everly in the county of Wilts.

Anno secundo Georgii III.

[17k.

CAP. L.

An act for repairing, widening, and federal needs

leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and the county of Devon.

CAP. LI.

An net to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the turnpike rpad at Wtl-loughby Hedge in West Knoyle and from Wilton Bridge, to the turnpike road at the west end of Heytesbury; and allb the road from the turnpike road at the top of Hone Hill, in the parish of, to the mile-stone

at the weftem end of Fisherton Street in the county of Wilts.

CAP. LII.

An act for building a bridge cross the Teefe, at or near the ferry in the parish of Stockton, in the county of Durham.

CAP. LIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from Kelfal, in the county of Salop, to Whifton Crois, and from thence over Burnhill Green Rudge Heath, by the two New Inns, and to a place called High Gate Warren, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. LIV.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road, from Castle Street, at the end of the town of Hinkly, to Lutterworth Town's-End, and from, or near, the Guide Post, at Walcot Town's-End, in the county of Leicester, to the eighty mile stone, in Welford Field, in the county of Northampton.

CAP. LV.

An act for continuing and rendering more effectual an act passed in the tenth year of his late King George

the Second, intituled An act for continuing an act passed in the third year of the reign of His Majesty King George the First, for laying a duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny on every piat of

ale or beer, that shall be vended, or fold, within the town of Dumfries, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the said town, and for building a church, and making a harbour there; and for laying a duty on

«23

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III.

the tomagt of flipping, and ditty on goods imported and exported, into, and out of, the port of the said town, for the better repairing of the said

CAP. LVI.

An act to amend and render more effectual an act made in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making navigable Sanky Brook, in the county of Lancaster, for the extending and improving the said navigation.

CAP. LVII.

An act to amend an act made in the thirty fetondyear of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening fevered roads, therein mentioned, in the counties of Southampton and Dorset: and for amending and widening the road between Ringwood Gate, in the county of Southampton to Woolsbridge, and from thence to the great Wtftem road, between a place called Thick Thom and Caihmore Inn.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor, and for cleansing the streets, lanes, and other faffages and places, in the partfl of Sunt James, within the liberty of Westminster, and for enlarging the church yard belonging to the said part/h.

CAP. LIX.

An act for repairing, widening, turning, and flortning the road leading from the turnpike road on Farrard's Common, in the parish of Bradford, through Holt and Melksham, to Homan's Stile, in the parish of Laycock, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. LX.

An act for repairing und widening the road from the turnpike road at Weyhill, in the county of Southampton, to the turnpike road at Lyde Way, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. LXI.

An act for altering, widening, and amending, the road from the north gate of the city of Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch, and other places to Newtown River, and also the road from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through Wherwell, to turnpike road at Andover, in the county of Southampton.

Anno secundo Georgii III.

CAP. LXII.

/n act for repairing and widening the high road*

from Ashborne, in the county of Derby, to the town em Leek, in the county of Stafford, from ReycroS*Gate, upon Rufhton Common, to Congletpn, in /Aa) county of Chester; and also the road leading from Blyth Marsh, in the county of Stafford, through Cheadle, Qak-amoor, and Blore, to the turnpike from Alhbome to Buxton near Thorp, in the county of Derby.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for amending, widening and keeping in repair, the road from the south end of Sparrow's Heme on Buftiy Heath, through the market towns of Watford, Berkhampstead, Saint Peters, and Tring, in the twenty of Hertford, by Pettiphers Elms, to the turnpike road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the county Bucks.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in a!

roads leading from Bridge Town Pomeroy, and from Teing Bridge in the county Devon.

CAP. LXV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the White Poll on Hafleden's Wood, in the parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath, and from Milk floijfe Street, in the same parish, to Caffleden's Oak, in tie parish of Biddenden and from Golford Green, in the said ponjb of Cranbrooke, to Tanner's Vent, Be-

nenden, all in the county of Kent.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for repairing the road from the turnpike road cn the top of Whitefheet Hill, to a place called the Hare Warren; and from thence to the Index Port, near

the Blanford turnpike road, on the side of Hamam Hill, and also for repairing and widening the road from the said Index Port, to a house called Matter Baker's Farm House, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for continuing, enlarging and rendering more effec-

tual, so much of an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the intituled An act for enlarging the terms and ppwers granted by two acts of parliament, for repairing the roads leading from seven Oaks to Woodsgate and Tonbridge 'Wells i and from Woodsgate to Kippings Cross in the

1761.] Anno secundo Georgii III.

county of Kent; and also for repairing the roads from Kippings Cross aforesaid, to Lamberburjt Pound and Pullen's Hid, in the said county; and to Flimwell Vent, in the county of Sussex i as relates to the

emd keeping in repair, the said roads, leading from Kip-ings Cross aforesaid, to Lamberhurst Pound, Pullen's il, and Fliniwell Vent, aforesaid.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for building two new churches, and providing burial places within the town of Liverpool, the county palatine

of Lancaster; and for the the pavements

of the streels in the said town and for the

fares and prices to be paid carters, carmen, hackney coachmen, and chairmen, and for regulating their within the said town

CAP. LXIX.

An act for explaining and amending ft much of of the twenty seventh and twenty ninth years of his late for repairing several roads therein, in the counties

of Leicester and Warwick, as relates to the road between Hinckley and Coventry.

CAP. LXX.

An act to amend and render more several aEls made for cleansing and enlightening the ft reels of the town o/Kingston upon Hull, and for preventing annoyances therein,

CAP. LXXI.

An act for continuing the term and powers of an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for repairing the road from Doncaster, through the parish of Penifton, in the county of York, to Salter's Brook, in the county of Chester; and also the road from Rotherham, in the said county of York, to Hartcliffe Hill, in the said parish of Penifton; and for making the said act more effectual so far as the same relates to the said road between Doncaster and Salter's Brook.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Flimwell Vent, in the county of Sussex, through High gate in the county of Kent, and the parishes <?/Sandhurst, Newendep, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said county of Sussex; and from Highgate aforesaid, to Cooper's Corner, the said

county of Sussex, and to Tubb's Lake in the said county of Kent.

226

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from certain bridge, called James Deeping Stone Bridge, to Peter's Gate in Stamford, in the county of Lincoln, and from thence, to the south end of the town of Morcot, in the county of Rutland.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act to amend and render more effectual an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Mafrfiy, intituled An act for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from Meadbrook, which divides the parishes of Pucklechurch and Mangotsfieldin the county of Gloucester,

to Christian Malford Bridge, in the county of Wilts, and also from Pucklechurch aforesaid, to certain coal mines in the said parish.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for repairing and widening the high road leading from the north end of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the county of Suffolk, to the Jbutb gate in Berry Saint Edmunds, in the said county.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for amending and widening the road leading from the high post road near the town of Faversham, by Bacon's Water, through Ashford, to the town andpart of Hythe, in the county of Kent, and from Bacon's Water, to a certain lane, called Holy-Lane, in Wincheap, the city of Canterbury.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers, and also to render more effectual an act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the several roads from the town of Pool, in the county of Montgomery, to Wrexham, the county of Denbigh;

and also the road from Knockin, the county of Salop, to Llanrhaiader, in Mochnant, in the county of Denbigh, and to repair and widen several other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for amending and widening the road from the Market-House, in Stourbridge, to Colly Gate, in Cradley, and from Pedmore, to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate, to Halesowen, and from the turnpike road on Dudley Wood, to Rednall Green, in the parish of King's Norton, and from Carter's Lane, to the Bell Inn at Northfield, the counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop.

7$iij Anno secundo Georgii III.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in

reads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, the Croft Houses, Glazeley, and the turnpike gate on Abberley Hill, in the counties of Salop and Worcester.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, d reads therein mentioned, lying in the counties of Leicester, and Warwick, and in the county of the city Coventry.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for widening, repairing, and amending, the road from Hesket, by Yewes Bridge, /o Cockermouth, and from thence by Lorton, over Whinlatter, to Keswick, in the county of Cumberland; and from Keswick, by Dummail Rays and Ambleflde, toKerby in Kendall in the county of Westmorland: and from Plumbgarth's Croft, near Kerby in Kendall aforesaid, to the lake called Windermere,

tn the county of Westmorland, and from KclWick aforesaid, te the town of Penrith, in the county of Cumberland.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act to continue, and render more effectual, an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the town of Loughborough, to Ashby de la Zouch, in the county of Leicester j and for repairing and widening the road, branching out of the said road, at Coleorton Church, over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonington, to Rempfton, in the counties of Leicester and Nottingham.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Kirkby-Steven High-Lane Head, in the county of Westmorland, through Sedberg, to Greeta Bridge, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and from Bracken Bar Gate Afkrigg,

in the county of York, through Sedberg, to Kirkby Kendal and also the road from the four lane ends in Marth-waite, to the turnpike road on Grayrigg House, leading from Appleby, to Kirkby Kendal, in the said county of Westmorland.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Cosham, in the county of Southampton, to the city of Chichester.

1627

2.2 8

Anno secundo Georgii III. [1761.

---

CAP. LXXXV.

An act to impower the commissioners and trustees named and appointed by, and in pursuance of an act of parliament, made in the tenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for making more effectual an act made in the ninth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for completing the repairs of the harbour of Dover in the county of Kent, and for restoring the harbour of Rye in the county of Sussex, to its antient goodness so far as the same relates to the harbour of Rye, to let the sea and tides into a new cut or channel, made in pursuance of the said act of the tenth year of his laid late Majesty's reign, as far as a wall, called Winchelsea Wall.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act to enlarge the term and powers granted by an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty, for continuing several acts relating to the harbour of Liverpool, and for enlarging the said harbour, by making an additional dock, and building a pier in the open harbour there, and for enlightening the said dock, and for making another dock with proper piers in the said harbour, and for erecting lighthouses, and other proper lights, in or near the port of Liverpool.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of several acts of parliament, relating to the harbour of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland, and to the roads leading to the said harbour and town of Whitehaven; and for further enlarging the said harbour; and for lighting the said town, and supplying the same with water; and for regulating the carmen there; and for repealing so much of an act of the twenty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the road from Calder Bridge, to Egremont, and directing how the said road shall be repaired, and for repairing several other roads therein mentioned, in the said county.

