The

Statutes at large,

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. Regis:

Being the Third Session of the Eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Vol. XLII. Part 1.

The

Statutes at large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's-Inn, Esq.

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XLII.

CAMBRIDGE,

PRINTED BY JOHN BURGES PRINTER TO THE UNIVERSITY;

(By Assignment from the Executor of Mr. Charles Bathurst,)

FOR J. JOHNSON, IN ST. PAUL'S CHURCH-YARD, G. G. & J. ROBINSON, IN PATER-NOSTER ROW, AND D. OGILVY & SON, NO. 315, HOLBORN, LONDON. 1799.

CUM PRIVILEGIO

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE

Passed Anno tricesimo nono

Statutes at Large,

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. Regis:

Being the THIRD Session of the Eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

Cap. 1. For settling and securing a certain annuity on Horatio Nelson lord Nelson, and the two next persons to whom the title of baron Nelson of the Nile, and of Burnham Thorpe in the county of Norfolk, shall descend, in consideration of the eminent service performed by the said Horatio Nelson lord Nelson, to his Majesty and the publick.

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 3. For continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff; for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 4. Further to continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy, videlicet, On the sixth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the better prevention and punishment of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces, by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience.

Cap. 5. To continue, until the expiration of one month after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act passed in the last session of parliament, chapter sixty-six, videlicet, On the twenty-first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, intituled An act for empowering his Majesty for a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the services of such parts of his military forces in this kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland.

Cap. 6. To enlarge the time limited for the redemption of the land tax; and to explain and amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for making perpetual, subject to redemption and purchase in the manner therein stated, the several sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Cap. 7. For raising the sum of three millions by way of annuities.

Cap. 8. For extending the time allowed for taking out certificates for using or wearing armorial bearings or ensigns, until the fifteenth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 9. To continue, until the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act, made in the last session of parliament, chapter seven, on the second day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled An act to continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, two several acts, passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, the one, chapter thirty-two, on the tenth day of March, and the other, chapter sixty-one, on the twenty-fifth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for suspending, for a limited time, the operation of certain acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty for refraining the negotiation of promissory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England; and also to amend the said act, and further to continue the same, so amended, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 10. To continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter two, videlicet, On the thirtieth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled An act to continue, until the expiration of thirty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter one hundred and thirty-seven, videlicet, On the twentieth of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, intituled, 'An act to continue an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, "An act to revive and continue for a limited time, and amend an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled, "An act to allow the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all persons who have issued notes for small sums of money in that part of the united kingdom" for a limited time.'

Cap. 11. For allowing further time for the payment of instalments to become due on certain sums advanced by way of loan, to certain persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincents.

Cap. 12. To continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter fifteen, videlicet, On the sixteenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also an act passed in the same year, chapter eighty, videlicet, On the twenty-second day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also another act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-six, videlicet, On the fourteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, relating to the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and the issuing of orders in council for that purpose; and to continue, for the same period, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter twenty-one, videlicet, On the twenty-eighth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, authorising his Majesty to make regulations respecting the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

Cap. 13. To repeal the duties imposed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties.

Cap. 14. For exempting, during the present war, certain persons, serving in volunteer corps, from being ballotted for the supplementary militia, under certain conditions; and for making out new lists of men liable to serve in the said militia.

Cap. 15. To continue, until the twenty-first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

Cap. 16. To revive and continue, until thirty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-six, videlicet, On the seventeenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, intituled An act for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacent.

Cap. 17. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to provide admissions duly stamped; to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to allow to such persons who have omitted to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or servants, until the twenty-second day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for payment of the same; to indemnify attornies who have omitted to enter their certificates according to law, and for allowing them, until the first day of Easter term, to enter the same with the proper officer; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that purpose, until the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 18. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 19 For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 20. For the punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 21. To amend and render more effectual two acts, passed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign and the present session of parliament, for the redemption and purchase of the land tax.

Cap. 22. For extending the time for returning statements under an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war, and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties; and to amend the said act.

Cap. 23. To repeal certain parts of three acts, made in the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for raising a provisional force of cavalry; and for making further provision respecting such part of the provisional cavalry of this kingdom as is now actually called out and embodied.

Cap. 24. To continue, until the twenty-fifth day of May next, an act, made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter nine, videlicet, On the fourth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for continuing several acts, made in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh, and in the thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for suspending the operation of certain acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negotiation of promissory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 25. To continue, until the twenty-fifth day of May next, an act, passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter ten, videlicet, On the Fourth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for continuing several acts for allowing the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount.

Cap. 26. To continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-six, videlicet, On the sixth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for disallowing the bounty on the exportation to Ireland of sail cloth or canvas of the manufacture of Great Britain.

Cap. 27. To revive and continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred, an act passed in the session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-two, videlicet, On the sixth of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for prohibiting the importation of cambricks and French lawns into this kingdom, not being the manufacture of Ireland, except for the purpose of being warehoused for exportation.

Cap. 28. To continue, until the twenty-fourth say of June one thousand eight hundred, an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, chapter fifteen, videlicet, On the thirteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, for granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported; and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax.

Cap. 29. For enabling his Majesty to settle an annuity of twelve thousand pounds on his royal highness prince Edward, and a like annuity of twelve thousand pounds on his royal highness prince Ernest Augustus, during his Majesty pleasure.

Cap. 30. To enable his Majesty to settle on her royal highness the princess Amelia, part of the annuity of thirty thousand pounds per annum, which his Majesty was enabled to settle on their royal highnesses his Majesty's other daughters, out of the hereditary revenues, by virtue of an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

Cap. 31. To continue, until the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an act passed in the last session of parliament, chapter ninety-two, videlicet, On the twenty-ninth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, for granting to his Majesty additional duties on distilleries in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland, for a limited time, and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland; and for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on spirits distilled for consumption, and a duty on unmalted grain used in distillation in Scotland.

Cap. 32. To permit ships to sail from certain ports of the island of Newfoundland, and from the coast of Labrador, without convoy.

Cap. 33. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 34. For repealing two acts, passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, which limit the time for killing patridges in England and Scotland; and for amending so much of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to such limitation within that part of Great Britain called England, by making other provisions for that purpose.

Cap. 35. For exempting, during the present war, persons serving in volunteer corps and associations, from being ballotted for the militia, under certain conditions.

Cap. 36. For increasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers.

Cap. 37. For remedying certain defects in the law respecting offences committed upon the high seas.

Cap. 38. To continue, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and four, and amend an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the importation of rape seed, and other feeds used for extracting oil, whenever the prices of middling British rape seed shall be above a certain limit; and to continue several laws relating to the allowing the importation of seal skins cured with foreign salt, free of duty, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and four; to the more effectual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and three; and so much of an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better securing the duties on glass, as was to continue in force for a limited time, until the fifth day of June one thousand eight hundred.

Cap. 39. To amend an act, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on indentures of clerkships to solicitors and attornies, in any of the courts in England, therein-mentioned.

Cap. 40. To amend so much of three acts, made in the last and present sections of parliament, for making perpetual, subject to redemption and purchase, the several sums of money charged as a land tax, as relates to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 41. For raising an additional sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 42. To enable the commercial of appointed to carry into execution certain acts for granting duties upon income, to extend the time limited by the said acts for receiving returns of income; and for explaining and amending the said acts.

Cap. 43. For enlarging the time limited by certain acts passed for the redemption of the land tax, for receiving contracts and making transfers of stock thereon, and for explaining and amending the said acts.

Cap. 44. For further continuing, until the first day of March one thousand eight hundred, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

Cap. 45. For making perpetual so much of an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-four, videlicet, On the twenty-sixth day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, intituled An act to explain and amend the laws relating to transportation, imprisonment, and other punishment of certain offenders, as relates to the punishment of burning in the hand of certain persons convicted of felony within the benefit of clergy.

Cap. 46. For making perpetual so much of an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-four, videlicet, On the twenty-sixth day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, intituled An act to explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other punishment of certain offenders, as relates to the lodgings of judges at county assizes.

Cap. 47. To continue, until the fifth day of July next, an act, made in the present session of parliament, chapter twenty-four, videlicet, On the twenty-first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, for continuing several acts, made in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh and in the thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for suspending the operation of certain acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negotiation of promissory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 48. To continue, until the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act passed in the present session of parliament, for continuing several acts for allowing the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount.

Cap. 49. To extend the bail to be given in cases of criminal information, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 50. For making perpetual an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the further relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery, and deliver, upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit.

Cap. 51. For continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, several laws relating to the transportation of felons and other offenders, and to the authorising the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement in England and Scotland respectively.

Cap. 52. For continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-four, videlicet, On the twenty-sixth day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, intituled An act to explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other punishment of certain offenders, as relates to penitentiary houses.

Cap. 53. To continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 54. To indemnify all persons who may have incurred penalties or forfeitures under an act passed in the second year of the reign of the King James the First, intituled An act concerning tanners, curriers, shoemakers, and other artificers occupying the cutting of leather; and to repeal parts of the said act, relating to the buying of hides.

Cap. 55. For encouraging the improvement of lands subject to the servitude of thirlage, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 56. To explain and amend the laws relative to colliers in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 57. For indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

Cap. 58. To enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to sir James Marriott knight, late judge of the high court of admiralty, in consideration of his diligent and faithful services in the execution of that office.

Cap. 59. For permitting certain goods, imported from the East Indies, to be warehoused; and for repealing the duties now payable thereon and granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 60. For raising the sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities.

Cap. 61. To repeal the duty granted by an act of the last session of parliament on raw linen yarn, the produce of the territories of the king of Prussia, and imported directly from thence into this kingdom; and for charging another duty in lieu thereof.

Cap. 62. To amend an act made in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, and two acts made in the last session of parliament, for raising a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 63. For granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on sugar imported and exported, and on coffee exported; and for reducing the drawbacks now allowed on the exportation of sugar.

Cap. 64. For granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

Cap. 65. For allowing, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and five, a further bounty upon pilchards exported; and for amending an act made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for transferring the management of the salt duties to the commissioners of excise.

Cap. 66. For placing the salaries of the sheriff deputes and substitutes of Scotland, upon the Scots civil list establishment.

Cap. 67. To enable such person as his Majesty shall please to appoint to the vacant office of a baron of the exchequer, to take upon himself the degree of a serjeant at law.

Cap. 68. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of three millions for the uses and purposes therein-mentioned.

Cap. 69. For raising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 70. For raising the sum of three millions, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 71. To enable the lords of of his Majesty's treasury to issue exchequer bills to a limited amount, on the credit of such monies as shall arise by virtue of an act of this session, for granting certain duties on income.

Cap. 72. To amend an act made in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, so far as relates to the assessments made upon trustees, agents, receivers, and guardians.

Cap. 73. For exempting certain specifick legacies which shall be given to bodies corporate, or other publick bodies, from the payment of duty; and also the legacy of books and other articles given by the will of the late reverend Clayton Mordaunt Cracherode to the trustees of the British museum.

Cap. 74. For further continuing until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and three, an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the lord high treasurer, or of of the treasury for the time being, to let to farm the duties granted by an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, on horses let to hire for travelling post, and by time, to such persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

Cap. 75. For reviving and making perpetual an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to prohibit the importation of light silver coin of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland; and to restrain the tender thereof beyond a certain sum.

Cap. 76. For the more secure conveyance of ship letters, and for granting to his Majesty certain rates of portage thereon.

Cap. 77. For repealing the duties on salt made in Scotland, and on salt imported from Scotland into England and Wales, and granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 78. To continue, until the tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, and amend an act passed in the present session of parliament, for continuing an act of the last session of parliament, for granting to ins Majesty additional duties on distilleries, in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland, for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland; and for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on spirits distilled for consumption, and a duty on unmalted grain used in distillation in Scotland.

Cap. 79. For the more effectual suppression of societies established for seditious and treasonable purposes; and for better preventing treasonable and seditious practices.

Cap. 80. For better regulating the manner of carrying slaves, in British vessels, from the coast of Africa.

Cap. 81. To prevent unlawful combinations of workmen.

Cap. 82. To explain and amend an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, two several acts, passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better ordering the militia of the city of London, and for further regulating the trained bands or militia of the said city.

Cap. 83. For transferring to the commissioners for auditing the publick accounts, the duties now performed in the offices of the auditors of the land revenue; and for directing the mode of attesting the accounts of the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces.

Cap. 84. To enable the lords of of the treasury to contract with the most noble Charles duke of Richmond, for the absolute purchase of the property of the said duke, and all others interested, in a certain duty of twelve-pence per chaldron on coals shipped in the river Tyne, to be consumed in England, and to grant a compensation for the same, by way of annuity, payable out of the consolidated fund.

Cap. 85. To protect masters against embezzlements by their clerks or servants.

Cap. 86. For ascertaining the rate of duty to be paid for retail spirit licences; and for authorising the justices of the peace for any county to grant licences to sell ale, beer, or other liquors, by retail, in cities and places where a sufficient number of magistrates cannot be found qualified to grant such licences.

Cap. 87. For enabling his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, and permit the importation, of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision, without payment of duty, to continue in force until six weeks from the commencement of the next session of parliament.

Cap. 88. For erecting the county of Edinburgh into a separate districts, for the purpose of regulating the importation and exportation of corn.

Cap. 89. For regulating the manner in which the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up ships for their regular service.

Cap. 90. To amend two acts, passed in the twenty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the militia of the counties of Middlesex and Surrey; and for applying certain monies remaining in the hands of the clerks to the deputy lieutenants of the county of Middlesex, and other persons, towards the completing of the said militia.

Cap. 91. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by lottery.

Cap. 92. For altering the period of making up the annual account of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

Cap. 93. To repeal so much of an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of queen Anne, and also so much of an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as puts an end to the forfeiture of inheritances upon attainder of treason, after the death of the pretender and his sons.

Cap. 94. To ascertain the salary of the master and worker of his Majesty's mint.

Cap. 95. To permit goods the produce of any foreign colony in America, imported directly from thence in any ship or vessel belonging to the subjects of any country or place in amity with his Majesty, to be entered and landed without payment of the duty granted by an act of the last session of parliament, for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom.

Cap. 96. To enable Matthew Boulton, engineer, to export the machinery necessary for erecting a mint in the dominions of his imperial Majesty, the emperor of all the Russias.

Cap. 97. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Cap. 98. To allow the importation of Spanish wool, in ships belonging to countries in amity with his Majesty.

Cap. 99. To encourage the trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient mode of performing quarantine, and for reducing the duty granted by an act of the last session, on goods the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any place within the streights of Gibraltar.

Cap. 100. To revive and continue, until the end of the next session of parliament, an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to continue and amend an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual encouragement of the British fisheries; and to amend an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for extending the fisheries, and improving the sea coast of this kingdom.

Cap. 101. To continue several laws relating to the further support and encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred, and to the discontinuing the duties payable on the importation of tallow, hog's lard, and grease until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six.

Cap. 102. To revive and continue, until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, the bounties granted by an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for encouraging the fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe.

Cap. 103. For making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.

Cap. 104. To amend an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act to enable his Majesty to grant commissions to a certain number of foreign protestants, who have served abroad as officers or engineers, to act and rank as officers or engineers in America only, under certain restrictions and qualifications.

Cap. 105. To continue and amend so much of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, as permits sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the manufacture of Maidstone geneva.

Cap. 106. For the reduction of the militia forces, at the time and in the manner therein limited for enabling his Majesty more effectually to increase his regular forces, for the vigorous prosecution of the war; and for amending the laws relating to the militia.

Cap. 107. For granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on bills of exchange and promissory notes for small sums of money.

Cap. 108. To amend and render more effectual several acts for the redemption and purchase of the land tax.

Cap. 109. For better recruiting the forces of the East India company.

Cap. 110. For the augmentation of the salaries of the judges of the courts in Westminster Hall, and also of the lords of session, lords of of justiciary, and barons of exchequer, in Scotland; and for enabling his Majesty to grant annuities to persons in certain offices in the said courts of Westminster Hall, on their resignation of their respective offices.

Cap. 111. To permit, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and two, the importation of certain naval stores from Hamburgh, and other ports of Germany.

Cap. 112. To enable his Majesty, by order in council, to permit, until six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, such goods as shall be specified in such order to be imported into this kingdom, in neutral ships.

Cap. 113. To enable such persons as his Majesty may be pleased to appoint to the office of chief justice, or of one of the justices of either bench, or of chief baron, or one of the barons of the exchequer, to take upon themselves the degree of a serjeant at law in vacation.

Cap. 114. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, for applying certain sums of money therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

PUBLICK LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

1. AN act to enable Thomas Courts esquire, banker, to make a communication between his buildings on the opposite sides of William Street, in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the city and liberty of Westminster, by a covered passage to to be built over the said street.

2. An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for rebuilding the pier of Margate in the Isle of Thanet in the county of Kent; and for other purposes mentioned in the said act.

3. An act for making and maintaining the road from or near Whiteburn in the county of Berwick to the town of Kelso in the county of Roxburgh, to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

4. An act for the better relief and employment af the poor of the parish of Saint Bridget, other wise Saint Bride, Fleet Street, in the city of London.

5. An act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, several acts, passed in the ninth, fifteenth, twenty-sixth, and thirty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Coventry canal navigation to the city of Oxford.

6. An act to enable the lords of the manor of Brixham, in the county of Devon, to repair and enlarge, or rebuild, the pier or quay at Brixham Quay, within the said manor, to improve the harbour there, to regulate the moorings of vessels therein, and to establish a market there.

7. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the arable lands, intermixed pastures, open fields, half year lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Upton, in the county of Norfolk, and such parts of the open fields, called Upton Field and Fishley Crofts, as lie in the parish of Fishley, in the said county, and for draining the same.

8. An act for rendering more effectual an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making and keeping in repair a road or passage for horses, on the banks of the river Severn, between Bewdley Bridge and a place called The Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrook Dale, for haling and drawing vessels along the said river; and for other purposes therein-mentioned.

9. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two several acts, the one made and passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the other in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Knaresbrough, in the county of York, by Long Flatt Lane, Gouldsbrough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton Mauleverer, and Scate Moor, to Greenhammerton, in the same county, and for making the same a high carriage road.

10. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of three several acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-sixth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the south side of Tadcaster Cross, and also from Ferrybridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge, in the couny of York, so far as same relate to the road between Ferrybridge and Wetherby, and from thence to Boroughbridge.

11. An act to continue for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and for enlarging the powers of an act, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Evesham Bridge, in the borough of Evesham, in the county of Worcester, to The Globe Inn in Alcester, in the county of Warwick.

12. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain roads leading to and from the towns of Nottingham and Derby, so far as relates to the road leading from Chappel Bar, near the west end of the town of Nottingham, to Saint Marys Bridge in the town of Derby, and from the guide post in the parish of Lenton to Sowley Ferry.

13. An act to continue, for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and for altering and enlarging the powers, of an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the county of Middlesex, to Sparrow's Herne, in the county of Hertford.

14. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and increasing, altering, and enlarging the powers, of two several acts, passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the west end of the town of Burton-upon-Trent, in the county of Stafford, through the said town, to the south end of the town of Derby, in the county of Derby.

15. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the market house in the town of Much Wenlock, and from Gleeton Hill to Cressage, in the county of Salop,

16. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from The Birges Brook to Buildwas Bridge and from thence to join the Wailing Street turnpike road at Tern Bridge, in the county of Salop, so far as relates to the last mentioned road.

17. An act to continue, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and to amend the powers, of an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from Gosport, through Fareham and Wickham, to Bishop's Waltham, and from Wickham aforesaid, to Chawton Ponds in the parish of Chawton, all in the county of Southampton.

18. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term and powers of two acts, passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the east end of the town of Hertford, in the county of Hertford, through Watton, to Broadwater, and from the town of Ware, through Watton, to the north end of the town of Walkern, in the said county.

19. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of several acts, passed in the eleventh year of King George the First, the sixth and twenty-sixth years of his late Majesty, and in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from the parish of Enfield, in the county of Middlesex, to the town of Hertford, and from the end of the town of Hertford to Amwell End, near Ware in the county of Hertford, and other roads in the said acts mentioned.

20. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two acts, passed in the second and twenty-second years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Weyhill, in the county of Southampton, to the turnpike road at Lydeway, in the county of Wilts.

21. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of three several acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the road from Selby to Leeds, in the west riding of the county of York.

22. An act for repairing the several roads in the counties of Dumfries and Roxburgh, to continue in force for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

23. An act to continue, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term and powers of two acts, passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for building a bridge over the river Lea, at or near a place called Jeremy's Ferry, and for making, repairing, and widening roads from thence into the great roads at Snaresbrook in the county of Essex, and at Clapton in the county of Middlesex.

24. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two acts, passed in the third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair the road from Kirkby Kendall, in the county of Westmorland, to Kirkby Ireleth, in the county of Lancaster.

25. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the roads from Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster, through Oldham to Austerlands, in the parish of Saddleworth, in the county of York, and from Oldham to Ashton-under-Lyne, and from Oldham to the village of Royton, in the said county palatine of Lancaster.

26. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from Foston Bridge, in the county of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the county of Nottingham.

27. An act for amending and rendering more effectual an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Loch Gilp to Loch Crinan in the shire of Argyll.

28. An act for building a bridge over the river Severn, from or near Cressage, in the county of Salop, to the opposite shore; and for making proper roads or avenues to and from the same.

29. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two acts, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from Coleham Bridge, in Shrewsbury, to the market place in Church Stretton, and to the top of Lythwood Hill, and from Pulley Common to the maypole in Condover; and from Coleham Bridge to Longdon, and from the fifth milestone near Longdon, to the turnpike gate at Castle Pulverbatch, in the county of Salop,

30. An act to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and enlarge the powers, of two acts, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from the north end of Brown's Lane, in Great Staughton in the county of Huntingdon, to the way post near Wellingborough Bridge in the county of Northampton, and from the pound in Kimbolton to the way post near Brington Bridge, in the said county of Huntingdon,

31. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of several acts, for repairing the road from the north end of Malling Street, near the town of Lewes, and certain other roads in the county of Sussex.

32. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Newark-upon-Trent, in the county of Nottingham, to join the turnpike road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, near the guide post on the Foss Road near Bingham, in the said county of Nottingham,

33. An act to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and to alter, enlarge, and repeal some of the provisions, of two acts, passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the said acts relate to the repairing of the roads from an intrenchment on Askerwell Hill, through Bridport to Penn Inn, from Bridport to Beaminster, from the north end of the south street of Bridport Harbour, from the north turnpike gate at Beaminster to Beaminster Wood, otherwise Wood Common, and to Lenham's Water, all in the county of Dorset.

34. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two acts, passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, so far as the said acts relate to the repairing and widening the road from the north end of Dapden Wharf, in the parish of Stoke, next Guldeford, through Guldeford, to Andrew's Cross, and to Alford Bars, in the county of Surrey, and from thence to New Bridge, in the county of Sussex.

35. An act to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and to alter and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from Gander-Lane in the county of Derby, to Sheffield in the county of York, and from Mosbrough-Green to Clown, both in the said county of Derby.

36. An act for better supplying the town and port of Liverpool with water, from certain springs in the township of Bootle in the county palatine of Lancaster.

37. An act for continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two several acts, the one passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the other in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and keeping in repair the road leading from the north-east corner of Nuffield Common, by the parish church of Nuffield, otherwise Tuffield, in the county of Oxford, through Wallingford to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon, in the county of Berks.

38. An act for altering, enlarging, and repealing some of the provisions in an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several roads leading from the town of Taunton, and other roads adjoining thereto, in the county of Somerset; and also for extending the provisions of the said act, to a road from Tucker's Gate, in the parish of Lyng, to Piper's Inn, in the parish of Ashcott, in the said county of Somerset,

39. An act for continuing for thirty-eight years, and rendering more effectual several acts for charging a duty of two pennies Scots (or one sixth part of a penny sterling) on every pint of ale and beer vended or sold within the towns of Port Glasgow and Newark, and privileges thereof.

40. An act for continuing for thirty-eight years, and rendering more effectual an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on every pint of ale and beer vended or sold within the city of Glasgow and village of Gorbals, and liberties and privileges thereof.

41. An act for better regulating and employing the poor, and for more effectually watching the squares, streets, lanes, and other places, within that part of the parish of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies above the bars, in the county of Middlesex, and the parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said county.

42. An act for the better and more effectual relief and employment of the poor in the hundred of Sanford, in the county of Suffolk.

43. An act for more effectually repairing and amending the road leading from Long Horseley Bar or Gate, on the post road hear the town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horseley, Weldon Bridge, and Whittingham, to the river Breamish, and from thence to Piercy's Croft, in the county of Northumberland, to continue in force for twenty one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

44. An act to amend two acts, made in the twenty-eighth and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the harbour of Leith.

45. An for explaining and amending two acts, passed in the thirty-first and thirty-second years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Livingstone, by the kirk of Shorts, to the city of Glasgow, and other roads therein mentioned.

46. An act for making and repairing the road from Dunkeld to Coupar of Angus, by the bridge of Isla, and the road leading out of the road between Dunkeld and Perth to the Boat at Caputh, by or through the village of Stanley in the county of Perth, to continue in force for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

47. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and enlarging and altering the powers, of two acts, the one passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the other in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the town-of Loughborough to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the county of Leicester; and for repairing and widening the road, branching out of the said road at Coleorton Church, over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonington, to Rempston, in the counties of Leicester and Nottingham.

48. An act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the turnpike road at the bottom of Shaw Hill, in the parish of Melksham, through Googe's Lane, Corsham, Biddestone, and West Tatton. to the turnpike road at Upper Coombe, in the parish of Castle Coombe, in the county of Wilts.

49. An act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the road at or near Beckhampton, and from the north side of Swindon to the Carpenter's Arms in Blunsden, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Wilts.

50. An act for continuing for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and amending the powers, of three several acts, passed in the twenty fifth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road leading from Market Harborough, in the county of Leicester, to the pound in the parish of Brampton, in the county of Huntingdon.

51. An act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from Gateshead, in the county of Durham, to the Church Lane near Ryton Lane Head, and from the Bar Moor to the Hexham turnpike road, near Dilston Bar, in the county of Northumberland, and also several other roads therein described, lying within the said counties.

52. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from Skipton, in the county of York, to Clitheroe, in the county of Lancaster.

53. An act for building a bridge over the river Tweed, at or near the town of Kelso, in the county of Roxburgh.

54. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of the right honourable John lord Rolle in trustees, to sell or exchange the same, and purchase, or take in exchange, other estates to be settled in lieu thereof to the same uses.

55. An act for vesting certain estates in Tokenhouse Yard, in the city of London, in the trustees of the other settled estates of the marquis of Lansdown and the right honourable John Henry Petty, commonly called Earl of Wycombe, in trust to be sold, and for laying out the monies arising from the sale in the manner therein directed; and for empowering the said trustees of the said settled estates to apply the monies arising from the sale of any part thereof in the manner therein directed; and for discharging the said settled estates from a rent charge of five hundred pounds given to James Petty esquire, and the heirs male of his body, by the will of Henry formerly earl of Shelburne, deceased.

56. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Simon Payne esquire, and Hester his wife, in the county of Gloucester, in trustees, to be exchanged for part of their unsettled estates, in the county of Somerset.

57. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain tract or parcel of common, waste, and marsh grounds, called Thornton Marsh, within the several parishes of Poulton and Bispham, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

58. An act for regulating the rates of porterage to be taken by innkeepers and other persons, within the cities of London and Westminster, the borough of Southwark, and places adjacent.

59. An act to enlarge the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of several acts, relating to the harbour of Liverpool; and for making two additional wet docks and piers in or near the port of Liverpool; and for rendering more safe and commodious the said port and docks.

60. An act for authorising the company of proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon canal navigation to vary the course of certain parts of the said canal, directed to be made by an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, and also to made a branch out of the said canal, and also to vary the course of a navigable cut directed to be made from the said Stratford upon Avon canal, in the parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and Birmingham canal, in the manor of Kingswood, in the county of Warwick, by another act passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and for amending the said acts.

61. An act for paving the footways, and for cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the streets, lanes, and other publick passages and places, within the town of Trowbridge, in the county of Wilts; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obstructions, therein.

62. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for enlarging the term and powers of three acts, passed in the first, ninth, and twenty-second, years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and enlarging the road leading from the house called The Sign of the Bells, in the parish of Saint Margaret, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Kent.

63. An act for more effectually repairing and improving the road from The Green Man, in the chapelry of Seend, in the county of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to Beckington, in the county of Somerset, and several other roads communicating with, or lying near to, the said road; and for making and maintaining certain pieces of new road in Trowbridge aforesaid.

64. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the road from Ardwick Green, near Manchester, in the county of Lancaster, to the bridge at the corn mills at Wilmslow, in the county of Chester.

65. An act to continue, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads therein mentioned, leading from a gate, in the town and county of Poole, called Poole Gate; and for repealing two acts of parliament, of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of his late Majesty, relating to the said roads; and also for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned, towards paving and repairing a certain street or way within the said town and county.

66. An act to empower the right honourable Henry earl Fauconberg to charge his settled estates in the counties of York and Chester with the sum of fifteen thousand pounds, in lieu of the right of him the said Henry earl Fauconberg, and the other tenants for life of the said estates, to cut down timber growing thereon; and to grant building leases of such parts of the said settled estates as are near, or adjoining to, the town of Macclesfield, in the said county of Chester; and for vesting the manor and other hereditaments of and in Sutton in the Forest, in the said county of York, other part of the said settled estates, in trustees, in trust to sell the same, and, out of the money arising from the sale thereof, to discharge the incumbrances on the said settled estates.

67. An act for more easily effectuating the sale of part of the freehold estates late of James Duberly esquire, deceased, and for applying the clear monies to arise therefrom upon the trusts of the marriage settlements of his five daughters.

68. An act for vesting the fee simple of several estates in the county of Chester, (devised by the will of Philip Egerton esquire, deceased, to a trustee for a term of years, for the purpose of discharging his debts, with remainder to the uses therein mentioned), in trustees, to be sold for discharging the said debts, and to lay out the surplus (if any) of the monies arising by such sale in the purchase of lands to be settled to the same uses.

69. An act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the port of London.

70. An act for enabling the Grimsby haven company to finish and complete the navigation of the said haven, and for amending an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving, the haven of the town and port of Great Grimsby, in the county of Lincoln.

71. An act for empowering the company of proprietors of the Forth and Clyde navigation to repay, into the court of exchequer in Scotland, the sum advanced to them for the purpose of completing the said navigation; for repealing so much of an act, of the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty, as relates to the said company; and for enabling the barons of the said court of exchequer to advance part of the sum so to be received to the company of proprietors of the Crinan Canal, on certain conditions.

72. An act for settling the right of patronage or presentation of or to the new chapel of Cradley, in that part of the parish of Halesowen which lies in the county and diocese of Worcester, and for other purposes.

73. An act for making and maintaining a tunnel, or road, under the river Thames, from or near to the town of Gravesend, in the county of Kent, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County of Essex.

74. An act for making a new street from the Haymarket into Charles Street, St. James's Square, within the city and liberty of Westminster.

75. An act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Cheadle, through Alveton, to the Uttoxeter and Ashborne turnpike road, at or near Quickshill Bank; and also the road leading from the Stone and Uttoxeter turnpike road, at Bear's Brook, through Hollington, to the said Uttoxeter and Ashborne turnpike road, at or near the Churnet Bridge at Rocester in the county of Stafford, to continue in force for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

76. An act to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term and powers of an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike road, in the parish of Asthall, in the county of Oxford, to the turnpike road at or near Buckland, in the county of Berks.

77. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and enlarging the powers, of three acts, passed in the fourth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads leading from the most southern part oi Butt Lam, in the parish of Lawton, in the county palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said county.

78. An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, the term, and altering the powers, of an act, made in the seventeenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the road from the town, of Skipton to the turnpike road from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the township of Bilton with Harrowgate, and from thence to the road leading from Knaresborough to Wetherby, in the west riding of the county of York.

79. An act for enabling William Stephen Poyntz esquire, and the honourable Elizabeth Mary his wife, to charge the estates late of the right honourable George Samuel lord viscount Montague deceased, in the county of Sussex, with a competent sum of money for improving the same, and for other purposes.

80. An act for confirming and rendering effectual a partition and division between the late honourable Penn Assheton Curzon deceased, and the right honourable Thomas lord Ribblesdale (then Thomas Lister esquire) of the rectory of Whalley, and of the chapels, glebe lands, messuages, tenements, tythes, obventions, profits, and hereditaments thereto belonging, now held under a lease from the lord archbishop of Canterbury, and for that purpose to enable the said lord archbishop and his successors, at all times hereafter, to grant the said rectory and premises by two several leases, according to the said partition and division.

81. An act for vesting a piece of ground and hereditaments in the parish of Saint Mary Woolnoth, in the city of London, belonging to the parish of Saint Mary le Bow, in Abraham Robarts, William Curtis, Ellis Were, and Charles Hornyold, of the said City of London, bankers and co-partners, in fee simple, upon payment of the sum of one thousand three hundred and fifty pounds, upon trust, to be applied in the manner therein mentioned, for the support of a lecturer, and for better regulating the appointment of the said lecturer.

82. An act to amend an act, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for erecting a building for holding the courts, and exercising the jurisdiction, of the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter, in Westminster, and for holding the quarter sessions of the peace, and transacting the other publick business of the said city and liberty.

83. An act for enabling his Majesty to incorporate, by charter, a company to be called The Globe Insurance Company, for insurance on lives, and against loss or damage by fire, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the whole year lands, common fields, half year or shack lands, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Shropham, in the county of Norfolk.

2. An act to enable Thomas Jull, of Ash, next Sandwich, in the county of Kent, esquire, and his issue, to assume and take the surname of Godfrey only, and to bear the arms and crests of the Godfreys, pursuant to the directions contained in a codicil to the will of Thomas Godfrey, late of London, merchant, deceased.

3. An act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Hennings.

4. An act for naturalizing John Roger Teschemacher.

5. An act for naturalizing Hermenegild Augustus Maria Castellain.

6. An act for naturalizing John Alexander Martin.

7. An act for naturalizing John Everard Heyman.

8. An act for naturalizing Anthony Schick.

9. An act for naturalizing John Lawrence Gries.

10. An act for naturalizing Adolphus Kent.

11. An act for naturalizing Johann George Wicke.

12. An act for dissolving the marriage of Edward Jervis Ricketts esquire, with the honourable Cassandra Twisleton, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

13. An act for naturalizing Pierre Jacques Papillon and Pierre Franois Papillon.

14. An act for naturalizing George Christopher Moller.

15. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Molesworth, in the county of Huntingdon.

16. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons and waste grounds, within the parish of Rackheath, in the county of Norfolk.

17. An act for dividing and allotting certain waste lands, and open and common fields, within the parishes of Leintwardine, Burrington, Downton, Aston, and Elton, in the county of Hereford

18. An act for dividing and allotting several open and common lands and grounds, within the tithing of Oare, in the parishes of Wilcot and Huish, in the county of Wilts.

19. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Remenham, in the county of Berks.

20. An act for confirming and establishing a division and inclosure of the open and common fields and pastures, within the manors or lordships of Nether Seal and Over Seal, in the parish of Nether Seal, in the counties of Leicester and Derby, or one of them, and certain exchanges of lands and estates within the said parish.

21. An act to dissolve the marriage of William Williams with Mary Charlotte his now wife, late Mary Charlotte Willis, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

22. An act for naturalizing Godfrey Bitterman.

23. An act for naturalizing Salomon Lange.

24. An act for naturalizing Christian John Adam Witke.

25. An act for naturalizing George Bong.

26. An act for naturalizing John Philip Marindin.

27. An act for naturalizing John De Luc.

28. An act for naturalizing Justin Eliza Caesar Audra.

29. An act for naturalizing Adrien Charles Papillon.

30. An act for naturalizing Lorents Braun.

31. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, half year or shack lands, warrens or reputed warrens, commons, heaths, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parishes of Hevingham and Marsham, in the county of Norfolk; and for extinguishing all rights of sheepwalk, shackage, and common, in, over, and upon, all the lands and grounds within the said parishes.

32. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the commons and waste lands within the manor of Bromsgrove, in the county of Worcester.

33. An act to dissolve the marriage of William Henry Rickets esquire, with the right honourable lady Elizabeth Jane Lambart, and to enable him to marry again and for other purposes therein mentioned.

34. An act for naturalizing John Gabriel Migault.

35. An act for naturalizing John Daniel Humbert.

36. An act for naturalizing Charis Henry Rigaud.

37. An act for naturalizing Francis Henry Christin.

38. An act for vesting certain parts of the lands and barony of Craigiehall, lying in the county of Linlithgow, and comprised in the deed of entail executed by the deceased Sophia marchioness of Annandale, with consent of William marquis of Annandale, her husband, upon the thirty-first July, one thousand seven hundred and eight; and also for vesting certain parts and parcels of the lands and barony of Leny, lying in the county of Edinburgh, and comprised in a disposition and deed of entail thereof, dated the third November one thousand seven hundred and forty-six, granted by sirr Robert Myrton, of Gogar, baronet, with consent therein mentioned in trustees, in trust, to sell or exchange the same, and invert the money arising from such sale in the purchase or exchange of other lands to be settled and secured to, the same series of heirs, and under the same conditions and limitations as are contained in the aforesaid deeds of entail; and for vesting in William Hope Weir esquire, of Craigiehall and Blackwood, and the same series of heirs, in fee tail, certain other parts of the said lands, baronies, and others.

39. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, downs, wastes, and other commonable lands, within the several hamlets or tithing's of Berrington, Broad Campden, and Wellington, in the parish of Chipping Campden, in the county of Gloucester.

40. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain tract or piece of commonable land called Leigh Common, situate in the tything of Leigh, in the parish of Yetminster, in the county of Dorset.

41. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain moors, commons, or waste lands, lying and being within the manor and parish of Clevedon, in the county of Somerset.

42. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the whole year lands, fen lands, heaths, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Kenninghall, in the county of Norfolk,

43. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the lammas meadows, fen grounds, commons, and waste lands, within the parishes of Bressingham and Fersfield, in the county of Norfolk, and for extinguishing all rights of common, sheepwalk, and shackage, in, over, and upon, all the lands and grounds within the said parishes.

44. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open common fields, common downs, and all commonable places and waste lands, in the parish of Easton, in the county of Southampton.

45. An act to amend, and render more effectual, the power of exchange in an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, waste lands, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Southill, in the county of Bedford.

46. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common fields, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Great Ellingham, in the county of Norfolk.

47. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish and manor of Horton, in the county of Buckingham.

48. An act to dissolve the marriage of the most honourable John James marquis of Abercorn, with the most honourable Cecil Hamilton his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

49. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Stanton with Sarah Wright, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

50. An act for naturalizing Catherine Nassau.

51. An act for naturalizing Henry von dem Busch.

52. An act for naturalizing Diederick Arnold Bielfeld.

53. An act for naturalizing Henry Berthoud.

54. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain commons, waste lands, and commonable places, within the manors of Forfield, Bromhill, Bellbroughton, and Brians Bell, in the parish of Bellbroughton, in the county of Worcester.

55. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons, waste lands, and commonable places, within the parish of Rowley Regis, in the county of Stafford.

56. An act for vesting divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Bucks, entailed by the will of John late duke of Bedford in Francis duke of Bedford, in fee simple, and for settling other estates in the said county of greater value in lieu thereof.

57. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Robert Clutterbuck esquire, in trustees, to be sold, and for applying part of the money arising therefrom, under the direction of the court of chancery, in manner, and for the purposes therein mentioned, and for laying out the residue in the purchase of other estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same uses.

58. An Act for confirming, and rendering effectual, a Partition between Lewis John Marie Haussoullier Esquire, and Tryphena Trist Spinster, an Infant, of divers Manors, Boroughs, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon.

59. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Part or Parts of the Estate of Machermore, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, which belonged to Patrick Dunbar, late of Machermore, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts of the said Patrick Dunbar, and his Predecessors, and the Sums with which he charged the said Estate.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Greens Norton, and Hamlet of Durcott, in the Parish of Greens Norton, in the County of Northampton.

61. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Downs, Marshes, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Charlton Marshall, in the County of Dorset.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Commonable Lands in the Parish of Mapowder, in the County of Dorset.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Marsh, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Hirst Courtney, in the Parish of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Purton, otherwise Puriton, in the County of Wilts.

65. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing all the Commons and Waste Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Church Staunton, in the County of Devon.

66. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sherborne, in the County of Warwick.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Honington, in the County of Suffolk.

68. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure of certain Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ranworth, in the County of Norfolk.

69. An Act for dividing, allotting, and otherwise improving, several Stinted Moors, Stinted Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Park and Forest of Weardale, in the Parish of Stanhope, in the County of Durham.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste, Grounds, and Modes, within the Town and Hamlet of Ulverstone, in the Parish of Ulverstone, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, and Stinted Pastures, within the Hamlet of Moorgate, in the Parish of Clarbrough, in the County of Nottingham.

72. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parishes of South Brent and Lympsham, in the County of Somerset.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Water Eaton, in the County of Stafford.

74. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of Harworth, in the County of Nottingham.

73. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Lammas Meadows, and a certain Common called Cheshunt Common, within the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford.

76. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Stratford-under-the-Castle and Milford, in the County of Wilts.

77. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Shuldham Peard Esquire, with Elizabeth his now Wife, late Elizabeth Blight and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

78. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Thoroton Clerk, with Elizabeth his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

79. An Act for naturalizing Maria Groschner, otherwise Huntley.

80. An Act for naturalizing Simeon Jacob Charles Collet DEscury.

81. An Act for naturalizing William Conrad Korff.

82. An Act for naturalizing Abraham Zimon Doncker Cuvelje.

83. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Grasthorpe, in the County of Nottingham.

84. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Houghton and South Stoke, in the County of Sussex.

85. An Act for dividing and enclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Long Preston in the Parish of Long Preston, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for embanking and draining several Parcels of Ground within the same Township, called Long Preston Ings.

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Moor or Common called Knayton Moor, and other Waste Lands, within the Township of Knayton, and Parish of Leek, in the North Riding of the County of York.

87. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Fields, Undivided Enclosures, Commons, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Townships of Sandall Magna, Walton, and Crigglestone, in the Parish of Sandall Magna, in the West Riding of the County of York.

88. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds, and Places, within the Hamlet of Walton, in the Parish of Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham.

89. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving, divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Lyddington with Caldecott and Uppingham, in the County of Rutland, and also a Common or Waste within the same County, called Uppingham Brand; and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising within the same Parishes, and all the Deer Browse and Rights of Common upon Beaumont Chace, in the same County; and making a Compensation for such Tythes and Common Rights respectively.

90. An Act to amend an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common in the Township of Aithorpe, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining the same and certain inclosed Lands within the said Township.

91. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Carlton cum Willingham, in the County of Cambridge, and for extinguishing the Tythes in the same Parish.

92. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estate of Richard Long Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to Articles entered into for the Sale thereof, and for applying the Money arising therefrom for the several Purposes therein mentioned.

93. An Act for vesting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of Part of the Settled Estates of Sir Henry Every Baronet, in Trustees, in Trust to make Sale thereof, and to apply the Money produced by such Sale, or a competent Part thereof, in Payment and Discharge of divers Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, affecting the same, and to invert the Surplus of such Money, (if any such shall be) in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses.

94. An Act for effecting an Exchange of Lands between the Trustees of the Free Grammar School in Watton under Edge, in the County of Gloucester, and Nicholas Owen Smythe Owen Esquire.

95. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Arable Lands, intermixed Fields, Meadows and Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the respective Manors of Pattingham and Patshull, in the County of Stafford.

96. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common, Fen Droves, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Gosberton, in the County of Lincoln.

97. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parishes of Yarkhill, Weston Beggard, Dormington, with the Chapelry of Bartestree, in the said Parish of Dormington and Stoke Edith with the Chapelry of Westhide, in the said Parish of Stoke Edith, all in the County of Hereford.

98. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of Axbridge, in the County of Somerset.

99. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Manors or Townships of Brayton, Thorp Willowby, Burton, and Gateforth with Lund, in the Parish of Brayton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

100. An Act to divide, allot, inclose, and improve, the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, in the Parish of Tuxford, in the County of Nottingham.

101. An Act for dividing, allotting, and otherwise improving, all the Common Fields, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Teddington, otherwise Todington, otherwise Tettington, otherwise, Tuddington, in the County of Middlesex.

102. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Hyde Parker Knight, with Ann Bottler, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

103. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Charles Collins Campbell Esquire, a Major in the Army, with Harriet Fraser, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

104. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Buller, of Calcutta, in the Province of Bengal, in the East Indies, Esquire, with Eliza Catherine Wiggens, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

105. An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Reinaud.

106. An Act for naturalizing Philipp Fredrick Behrends.

107. An Act for naturalizing Francis Louis Count Byland.

108. An Act for enabling Trustees to convey, pursuant to a Contract of Sale already entered into, an Estate at Charleywood, in the Parish of Rickmersworth, in the County of Herts, late belonging to Sir David Lindsay Baronet, deceased, devised, in strict Settlement, by a Codicil to his Will; and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, with Power of leasing the Estates to be settled.

109. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Kempsford and Dryffield, in the County of Gloucester.

110. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds within or belonging to the Manor of King's Bromley, and also certain Open Meadows or Lands within the Parish or Manor of King's Bromley aforesaid, in the County of Stafford.

111. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Cumberworth, with Cumberworth Half, in the Parishes of Silkstone and Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

112. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of North Crossland, in the Parish of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York.

113. An Act for inclosing and leasing, or letting, certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds lying within the Township of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, Highway Rate, and Church Rate, within the said Township; and for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotments, and Inclosure, of the Open and Uninclosed Fields, and also several Exchanges of Lands within the said Township.

114. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Dalton, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

115. An Act for dividing and allotting the Whole Year or Every Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths, Warrens, Fens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Worlington, in the County of Suffolk.

116. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and other Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Singleborough, in the Parish of Great Horwood, in the County of Buckingham.

117. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the Parnhes of Grantchester and Coton, in the County of Cambridge.

118. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish and Manor of Wyrardisbury, otherwise Wraisbury, in the County of Buckingham.

119. An Act for naturalizing George Erck.

120. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Pampisford, in the County of Cambridge.

---

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGII III., Magnae Britannice, Francice, et, /r/-

cejimo nono. '

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the twelfth day of July, Anno Domini 1796, in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE 'Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, And from

thence continued, by several pror, to the twentieth day of November 1798; being the third session the eighteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for settling and securing a certain annuity on Horatio Nelson, lord Nelson, and the two next persons to whom the title of baron Nelson of the Nile, and of Burnham Thorpe, in the county of Norfolk, shall descend, in consideration of the eminent service performed by the said Horatio Nelson, lord Nelson, to his Majesty and the publick.

[December 17, 1798.]

A life annuity of s, ooool. a year settled on lord Nelson, and the two next succeeding heirs to his title, to commence from August i, 1798, and to be paid quarterly.

CAP. II.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[December 17, 1798.]

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

CAP. III.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on,

offices, and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain duties on sugary malt, tobacco, and fnuffi, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[December 17, 1798.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

[38 Geo. 3. c. 60. recited.]

intituled An act for making perpetual, subject to redemption and purchase in the manner therein Stated, the several films of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the several and respective sums of money granted to your Majesty by a land tax, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty which were or should be charged on any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditamentr, in Great Britain, arey after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, continued and made perpetual, with a provifeon that the several sums of money charged upon estates in ready money, debts, goods, wares, merchandizes, or personal estates, or upon any person or persons in respect of any publick office or employment of prof t in the said act mentioned, should\ after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be ascertained, levied, collected, and paid, according to the directions of any act or acts to be passed for that purpose: now we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, taking into our serious consideration such expences as are absolutely necessary for supporting your Majesty's government, and being resolved to Supply the same, have for that end and purpose chearfully and voluntarily given and granted, and do by this act give and grant, unto your Majesty, the several and respective rates, assessments, and duties, and sums of money hereafter mentioned: and we do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Rates on per- parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the fonal estate, several and respective Sums of money which shall have been, or shall be charged upon estates in ready money, debts, goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels or other personal estate, by virtue of an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a c 6oCandaIfo tax to ralfe^ in Great Britain, for the service of the year one on offices, thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and which were not authorised pensions, &c, to be sold in or by another act, made and passed in the same to be levied, thirty-eighth year aforesaid, intituled An act for making perpetual, ^ear1Ifr<oin ffibjeft to redemption and purchase in the manner therein stated, the March 25, several sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land taxy 1799* for

charged by 38 Geo. 3. c. 5. and not authorised to be sold by

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. 3

for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and also the several sums of money herein after charged in respect of any publick offices or employments, or any annuities, pensions, stipends, or other annual payments, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, within the space of one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety* nine, and shall be ascertained, assessed, and taxed, in such manner and form as are herein after expressed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Personal Turns of money which shall have been or shall be charged, by ekates (ex-virtue of the said act, on personal estates as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby set and imposed on the several and respective on land, parishes, constablewicks, divisions, allotments, and places, where- household in the same have been or shall be so charged by virtue of the j^anl^his said act; and that towards raising the said several and respective to

Turns of money hereby charged on the respective parishes, con- be charged, stablewicks. divisions, allotments, and places, in England, Wales, with as much and Berwick, as aforesaid, in respect of such personal ellate as eclll?^Ts aforesaid, all and every person and persons, bodies politick and pound^ate*corporate, guilds and fraternities, within the same parishes, con- for every 100l. stablewicks, divisions, allotments, and places respectively, having in value, any estate in ready money, or in any debts whatsoever owing to them, within Great Britain or without, or having any estate in goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels, or other personal estate whatsoever, within Great Britain or without, belonging to or in trust for them, (except and out of the premises deducted, such Turns as he, she, or they, do bona fide owe, and such debts owing to them as shall be adjudged desperate by the respective commissioners appointed by this act, and also except the stock upon lands, and such goods as are used for household stuff, and also except such loans and debts as are or shall be owing from his Majesty to any person or persons), shall be charged with as much equality and indifference as is possible, by a pound rate; that is to say, By an equal pound rate for every one hundred pounds of such ready money and debts, and for every one hundred pounds worth of such goods, wares, and merchandizes, chattels, or other personal estate, and so for any lesser or greater sum or value, for or towards the said several and respective Turns by this act set or imposed, or intended to be set or imposed, for and upon all and every such parishes, constablewicks, divisions, allotments, and places hereby charged therewith as aforesaid, so that by the said rates so to be taxed or assessed as aforesaid, for or upon the said ready money, debts, goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels, or other personal estate, according to the purport and true meaning of this present act, the full and entire sums hereby set or imposed, or intended to be set and imposed, in England,

Wales, and Berwick, as aforesaid, upon the said personal estates, shall be completely and effectually taxed, aftefTed, levied, and collected, and shall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's The rate to exchequer by four quarterly payments, the first payment thereof terly^and^be

B 2 first payment

4 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

by June 24, to be made on or before the twenty-fourth day of June which

11799 shall be in the year of Our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Offices and

III. And be it further enacted, That, for and towards raising rnedbments ^evera^ sums of money hereby charged on persons in respect j8 Geo. 3. publick offices or employments of profit, all and every person and persons, and all and every commissioner and of, having, uling, or exercising, any publick office or employment of profit in England, Wales, or Berwick, as aforesaid, which is, or shall be, rated or assessed by virtue of an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

c. 5. (military offices of the army or navy excepted ), to pay the rate _ w

assessed there- act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised on^under that -n Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and all and every their clerks, agents, secondaries, substitutes, and other inferior ministers whatsoever, (such military officers who are or shall be in muster by the muster mailer general of his Majesty's army, or in pay in his Majesty's army or navy, in respect of such offices only excepted), shall yield and pay unto his Majesty any sum not exceeding the sum at which such office or employment is or shall be assessed in the year commencing from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, by virtue of the said act, pasted in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year and pensions one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and that all and every and annuities person and persons, guilds, fraternities, bodies politick and corout of ^re-S porate, having an annuity, pension, stipend, or other yearly pay-mises, or in* ment, either out of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in eluded in any England, or out of any branch of his Majesty's revenue in u^emthem Great Britain, or payable, or secured to be paid by any person under^S Geo. or Persons whatsoever in Great Britain, (not being or issuing out of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or charged upon the same, or included in any assessment made upon lands, tenements, or hereditaments, mentioned in the said act, pasted in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and not being annuities or yearly payments, which, by any act or acts of parliament made or to be made, are or shall be especially exempted from the payment of taxes or aids), shall yield and pay unto his Majesty the sum of four shillings for every twenty shillings, by the year, for every such annuity, pension, stipend, or yearly payment respectively, and after that rate for one whole year; the said several rates and sums of money hereby granted to be assessed, imposed, levied, and collected, in such manner as herein after is mentioned.

Commission-

IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the better afiefsing, fan d tax^ordering, levying, and collecting of the several sums of money To

pointed by*as limited and appointed to be raised and paid in the

37 Geo. 3. aforesaid part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Ber- c. 35, and wick

3. c. 5. or not exempted), to pay 4s. in the pound.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3* 5

wick upon Tweed, and for the more effectual putting this act in t

execution in reference to the same, all and every person and adAn^ persons who in and by an act of parliament, made and passed in execution, the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for appointing of for putting in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled; 'An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to he raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven J or in and by another act, made and passed in the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the of appointed by an act made in the last session of parliament, to put in execution an act, made in the same session, intituled, 'An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven J and for appointing other of, together with those named in the first mentioned act, to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight > and for indemnifying such persons as have acted as of for executing the said act, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised to Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ? we re named and appointed of for putting in execution the same acts within the several counties, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, divisions, and places of England, Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, duly qualifying themselves according to the said act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight 5 in that behalf, shall be of for putting in execution this present act, and the powers therein contained, within and for all and every the parishes, constablewicks, divisions, allotments, and places, situate within the same counties, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, divisions, and places, respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several of Committon-aforesaid shall meet together at the most usual and common ers to meet on places of meeting within their respective hundreds, lathes, rapes, J before wapentakes, wards, and other divisions respectively, within Eng- J7^f 30> land, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, within which they are appointed of, on or before the thirtieth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and shall meet afterwards in like manner, as often as it shall be necessary, for putting so much of this act in execution as is hereby committed to their care and charge; and the said of, or so many to insped the of them as shall be present at such meeting or meetings, or the assessments major part of them, are hereby authorised and required to insped Undine March and examine the assessments made by virtue of the said act, for 1799, 0a the year ending on the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand personal seven hundred and ninety-nine, and ascertain the several and re- estate, <of-

b3 spective fices* &c'and

6 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

diiUnguish speblive sums of money charged by virtue of the said act, in every

tholfe onlTnd constablewick, division, allotment, or place, for and in respect of any estate in ready money, debts, goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels, or other personal estate; and also for and in respect of any offices or employments of profit, annuities, pensions, or stipend, as aforesaid, by any assessment made for the said year ending on the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and separate, divide, and set down in writing, the amount of the several and respective sums charged upon estates in readyr monies, debts, goods, wares and merchandizes, chattels, or other personal estate, and also the several and respective sums charged in respect of any offices or employments of profit, annuities, pensions, or stipends, as aforesaid, from the monies charged in such parishes, constablewicks, divisions, allotments, or places by virtue of the said act, upon lands, tenements,

and to deliver or hereditaments: and the said of are hereby re-3. lcnediile*J

containin^the ^uired to deliver, or cause to be delivered, a schedule or dupli-

ium affiriled cate, in parchment, under their hands and seals, fairly written, on each place, containing the whole sum assessed on each parish, constablewick^ division, allotment, or place, where any assessment shall have been made upon personal estates, or in respect of offices and employments of profits, annuities, pensions, or stipends, and also the christian names and surnames of the respective assessors and neral, and^ collectors, unto the receiver general of each county, riding, city.

of the assessors and collectors to the receiver ge-

transmita schedule to the remem

borough, town, and place respectively, where such assessments shall have been made, or his deputy, and shall transmir, or cause brancer's of- to be transmitted, a like schedule or duplicate into the King's ^.ce_^thet e_x" remembrancer's office of the exchequer, and this the commissioners shall cause to have done on or before the tenth day of May out thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; for which duplicates the receiver and remembrancer, or their respective deputies, shall give to the person who brings the same a receipt, in writing, gratis, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be re-

chequer, before May io, 1799.

A receipt to be given for schedictes, on

pena ryo io.coyerecj to the use as other penalties are by this act reco-

whaiceh ff verable-

ments are

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every

made, for the parish or place, in which any assessment shall have been or shall

year ending be made under and by virtue of the said last recited act on any

March 35, person or persons in respect of any offices or employments of j under*

38 Geo. 3. profit, annuities, pensions, or stipends, by any assessment for the

c. 5. inrefpebl year ending on the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven of offices, See. hundred and ninety-nine, shall, from and after that time, be wholly discharged from so much of the sums to be levied upon such parish or place according to the proportions established under the said recited act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the pow-

to be thereafter discharged from the sums thereby levied, rovvers and the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting an m c. 5. aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for

made perpe- the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight,

ers, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which, in and by the said act passed in the thirty-eighth year 0}

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. 7

are provided and established for ascertaining, raising, levying, miti- tual by 3S gating, adjudging, paying, and managing the rates and assessments to be putin0* granted by the said act and which, by the said other act passed in execution in the same thirty-eighth year aforesaid, intituled An act for making levying the perpetual, subject to redemption and purchase in the manner therein rates under fated the several sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a ^IS a*land tax for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty are continued and made perpetual in relation to the rates and assessments charged on lands, tenements, and hereditaments, until the redemption and purchase thereof, shall be practised, used, and put in execution, in and for the ascertaining, raising, levying, mitigating, adjudging, paying, and managing the rates, assessments, and sums of money to be charged, assessed, and levied by virtue of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the proportions Where defi-set by this act upon all and every the respective parishes, constablewicks, divisions, allotments, and places, in England, Wales, ments to be and Berwick upon Tweed, in respect of any such personal estate as made, aforesaid, shall not be fully assessed, levied, and paid, according to the true meaning thereof, or if any of the said assessments in respect of such personal estate shall be rated or imposed upon any person not being of ability to pay the same, or that, through any wilfulness, neglect, mistake, or accident, the said assessment, charged in each parish or place as aforesaid by virtue of this act, happens not to be paid to the receiver general, his deputy or deputies, as in this act is directed, that then and in all and every such case or cases the several and respective of, assessors, and collectors, acting in the execution of this act, and every of them respectively, are hereby authorised and required to assess and re-affess, or cause to be assessed and re-assessed, levied, and paid, all and every such sum and sums of money upon the respective parishes or places wherein such deficiencies shall happen, as to the said of, or such number of them as by this act are authorised to cause the said first assessment hereby required to be made, shall seem rnofl agreeable to equity and justice; the said new assessment to be made, collected, and paid, in such manner, and by such means, as in this act or any act hereby referred to, is declared and directed for other assessments.

IX. Andy in order to ascertain more particularly the mode of of -fejfing and rating the several persons who shall be charged with any rate or assessment, in respect of any efates in ready money9 debts, or personal estatey in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, Persons to be be it further enacted, That every person who is or shall be rated where rated for or in respect of any personal estate to him or her any- resident$ ways belonging, shall be rated at such place where he or file shall be resident at the time of the execution of this act \ and all persons 'not being householders, nor having a certain place of

Personal estate to be af-

8 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

residence, shall be taxed at the place where they, shall be resident and if out of at the time of the execution of this acct; and if any person who 5n\henfacem> oug^t taxe<^, n England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed\ by of their ialt virtue of this act, for or in respect of his or her personal estate, abode. fbiall at the time of his or her assessment be out of the realm,

such person shall be rated therefore in such parish, constablewick, division, allotment, or place, where he was last abiding within this realm.

X. Provided always, That where any person shall have any felled'where it goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels, or personal estate, in any shall be. parish or parishes, constablewick or constablewicks, division or divisions, allotment or allotments, or place or places, other than the parish, constablewick, division, allotment, or place, where he or she shall be resident, or had his or her residence, it shall be lawful, at any time before the twenty-fourth day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to rate and assess such person for such goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels, or personal estate, in any parish or parishes, constablewick or constablewicks, 'division or divisions, allotment or allotments, or place or places, where Persons dou- the same shall be; provided also, That if any person or persons, KSedo, ^by reason of his, her, or their, having several mansion houses or places of residence, or otherwise, shall be doubly charged for any personal estate by occasion of this act, then upon certificate made by any two or more of the commissioners for the county, riding, city, or pface, of his, her, or their last personal residence, under their hands and seals, of the sum or sums charged upon him, her, or them,; (which certificate the said of are hereby required to give without delay, fee, or reward), and upon oath made of such certificate before any two of who have authority; to put this act in execution for the county, riding, city, or $lace, where the said certificate shall be made, which oath the said of are hereby authorised and required to administer, then the person or persons so doubly charged shall, for so much as shall be certified, be discharged in every other parish, constablewick, division, allotment, or place, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed.

XI. Provided also, That this act shall not extend to the inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland, "Jersey, or Guernsey, for assessing any such personal estate, which they, or any to their use, have land, Ireland, within those places, for or towards the said sum hereby autho-

the excess on certificate.

This act not to extend to personal estates in Scot-

Jersey, or Guernsey.

rifed to be charged upon any parish or parishes, constablewick or constablewicks, division or divisions, allotment or allotments, or place or places in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, as aforesaid; and if any person that ought to be taxed by virtue of this act, for or in respect of his or her personal estate, shall, by changing his or her place of residence, or by any other fraud or covin, escape from the taxation, and not be taxed, and the same be proved before the of, or any two or more of them, Persons avoid- at any time within one year next after such tax made, every. b^c^ar"ed, to Person ^iat shall escape j$om the taxation and payment shall treble.^be charged upon proof thereof, at treble the value of so much

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. 9

as he or she should or ought to have been charged at by this act; the said treble value, upon certificate thereof made into the exchequer by the of before whom such proof shall be made, to be levied on the goods, lands and hereditaments of such persons.

XII. And for the better discovery of personal estate intended to be charged by this act, be it further enacted, That every householder

in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall, upon demand count^otkhtir of the assessors of the respective parishes or places, give an ac- lodgers, on count of the names and qualities of such persons as shall sojourn penalty of'5l. or lodge in their respective houses, under the penalty of forfeiting to his Majesty the sum of five pounds, to be levied and recovered in such manner as any other penalty in this act mentioned shall and may be levied and recovered.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several members ^liament to' of parliament who, at the execution of this act, during this or {, e rated at the subsequent session of parliament, shall abide within the cities their mansion of London and Westminster, and the suburbs of the same, or houses. within the county of Middlesex, shall for or in respect of their

ready money or debts, or any other tax which may be laid on their personal estate or persons in respect thereof, during this or the next session of parliament, be aftefted only in the places where such members havv. their manfipn houses, or other places where they most usually reside during the intervals of parliament; and in case any affeftor or commissioner shall assess, or cause to be aftested, any member of parliament, contrary to the provision hereby made, he or they shall forfeit to the party grieved the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, or upon the case, together with full eofts of suit; any things herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, That where any person liable to be Inhabitants of

rated in respect of such personal estate, and inhabiting withinowns'iav- y r t i r 1*-7- ing personal

the city of London^ or any other city or town corporate in Eng- e^ate in one

land, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, hath his dwelling house in or more pa-

one of the parishes or wards therein, and hath any goods, wares, rishes, to be

or merchandizes, in any one or more of the other parishes or in the

7 j*one where

wards within the same, that then such person shall be taxed, they rep1(ie#

charged, and aftested, for such his goods and merchandizes in

the parish or ward where he dwelleth, and not elsewhere within the said city and town corporate.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the officers in the re- Officers of the ceipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and in other the publick offi- and oSier* ces, upon request to them made by the respective assessors, shall pUbjick of-deliver gratis, true lifts or accounts of all pensions, annuities, fices, on rje-stipends, or other annual payments, and of all fees, salaries, and quelh to de-other allowances, payable at the said receipt, or in the said publick offices, to any commissioner or of, officer or nuities See/ officers, for the execution of this act, for the better guidance of to the com* the said assessors in the charging of the same; and that in all cases missioners, where an pensions, annuities, stipends, or other yearly payments, or the fee*alaries, wages, or other allowances or profits, charged aipeflor<

by

1 aift

; ejralat

IO

of payment of the rate, it tn.iy be there stopped, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

and in default by this act, shall be payable at the receipt of the exchequer, or'1 "at any other publick office, or by any of his Majesty's receivers or paymasters in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, the tax or payment which in pursuance of this act, shall be charged for or in respect of such annuities, stipends, fees, salaries, wages* allowances, or profits, shall and may (in case of non-payment thereof) be detained and stopped out of the same, or out of any money which shall be paid upon such pensions, annuities, stipends, fees, salaries, wages, allowances, or profits, or for arrears thereof, and be applied to the satisfaction of the rates and duties not otherwise paid as aforesaid; and the proper officers in the said exchequer, and other the publick offices aforesaid, shall keep true accounts of all monies stopped, and (upon request) shall give copies of such accounts to the proper collectors of such monies for the respective parishes or places where the said monies are assessed by this act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every person in England\

Officers to pay

where employed, &c.

Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, rated or assessed for his office or employment, shall be rated and pay for his said office or employment in the county, city, or place, where the same shall be exercised, although the revenue or profits arising by such office or employment are payable elsewhere.

XVII. Provided always, That the right honourable the master of the rolls, the mailers in chancery, fix clerks, clerks of the petty bag, examiners, registers, clerks of the inrolments, clerks of the affidavit and subpoena offices, and all other the officers of the court of chancery, that execute their offices within the liberty of the rolls, shall there be a lie lied for their respective offices, salaries, and other profits, and not elsewhere; and the said mailers in chancery for the time being, and the said fix clerks and registers for the time being, shall be the commissioners for putting in execution, and shall put in execution this act within the said liberty, and exercise the powers therein contained; and that all annuities, stipends, and pensions, payable to any officers in respect of their offices, shall be taxed and assessed where such officers are rated and assessed for their to b ratedC* ces' and not elsewhere; and that all other pensions, stipends, where

Officers in chancery to 1 e aliened in the rolls liberty.

Matters in chancery, iix clerks, and remitters, to be commissioners.

payable.

Where any office is executed by deputy, the a He II ment to be pai l l y him, See,

and annuities, in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, not charged upon lands, shall be charged and assessed in the parishes and places where they are payable.

XVIII. And whereas divers officer and employments of profit, chargeable by this act, are executed by deputy, and the principal officers Jiving in places remote from the division, parish or place, where such offices or employments are taxable, the rates and assessments for such particular offices and employments cannot be recovered without great charge and difficulty; be it therefore enacted, That where any office or employment of profit, chargeable by this act, is or shall be executed by deputy, such deputy shall pay such act'eflment as shall be charged thereon, and deduct the same out of the profits of such office or employment; and in case of refusal or nonpayment thereof, such deputy shall be liable to such dif&fs as by

IX

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3.

this act is prescribed against any person having and enjoying any office or employment of profit, and to all other remedies and penalties therein respectively contained; and that there shall be the like remedies and penalties for the recovering the monies, aftefted upon any such office or employment of profit to the land tax for the year one thousand seven hundred and six, and for any subsequent year not yet satisfied, in all cases where the accounts of those years, or any of them, are not otherwise cleared in the exchequer.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, Her

That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not charge, royal

or be construed to charge, her majesty, the Queen, or any of family, not the royal family, for or in respect of any annuities or yearly chargetblein payments granted to her said Majesty, and to their said royal respect of highnesses; but that such sums of money, annuities, or yearly annuities* payments, and her said Majesty, and their royal highnesses, and

their treasurers, receivers general, and servants, for the time being, in respect of the same, shall be free and clear from all taxes, impositions, and other charges whatsoever.

XX. Provided also, That this act, or any of the several clauses Superan-herein contained, shall not extend to charge the pensions of any superannuated commission or warrant sea-officers, or the pensions penfon's Of of widows of sea-officers flain in the service of the crown; or the widows of revenue of the most noble order of the garter; or the pensions of sea officers, the poor knights of Witidfor^ payable out of the exchequer only; or to charge a certain pension of one hundred pounds granted by the pension late King Charles the Second to the poor clergy of the Isle of Man; poor clergy or to charge the pensions or salaries of his Majesty's pages of of the Isle of honour; or of the officers and persons employed, or to be Man, or the employed, in collecting the tolls and duties payable by virtue of honour or any act or acts of parliament for making, repairing, or maintain- the salaries ingany publick roads, by reason of their said offices or employ- of collectors merits, or any salary arising thereby.

tolls, not

XXI. And whereas the rents and revenues belonging to the c r^e residenliaries of the cathedral churches in England and Wales are chargeable to the land tax granted and made perpetual as aforesaid, and

in some cases the overplus of the said rents and revenues above such tax repairs, and other charges, is to go in Jharcs for the maintenance of the said residentaries, which fares are diminished by the said land pe/^entarjes tax; it is provided and enacted, That in such cases the said not chargeable residentiaries shall not, by this act or any of the clauses therein in certain contained, be further chargeable as enjoying offices of profit out cases, of the said rents and revenues; any thing heiein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And whereas by the said act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making perpetual, subject to redemption and purchase in the manner therein stated, the several sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it was enacted That the several duties imposed on sugar, by three acts of the

11

Duties on i

sugar by j

27 Geo. 3. c. 13.

24. Geo. 3. c. ( 4. and

37 Geo. 3. c. 1 s j on malt, by 27 Geo. 3. c. 13; and the duties of excise on tobacco and snuff, by 29 Geo. 3. c. 68; which, by 38 Geo. 3. C. 60. were to cease on March 25,

3799, to be continued till March 25,

3800.

Monies paid into the exchequer under this act to be entered separate from other payments.

2, 000. ooool. may be borrowed on the credit of this act.

Tallies of loan to be itruck, See.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

twenty-seventh, thirty-fourth, and thirty-seventh years of the reign of his present Majesty; on malt by an act ? made in the twenty-seventh year f the reign of his present Majesty; and the duties of excise on tobacco and snuff, by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, should continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of Match one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer, but should fr 0771 thenceforth cease and determine, unless the same should be spedaily continued by parliament; be it further enacted, That the said several duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, and the said acts granting the same, and all the provisions thereot, shall be, and the same are hereby severally and respectively continued from and after the expiration of the time limited, as aforesaid, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred 5 and all the monies arising thereby, which shall be paid into the said receipt of the exchequer, shall be entered separate and distinct from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, one book of register, in which all the money that shall be paid into the exchequer for the rates and duties hereby granted on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, and also the rates and assessments hereby granted on personal estates, and on offices and employments of profit, pensions, annuities, and stipends, herein-before mentioned, shall be entered and registered apart and distinct from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, natives and foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two millions, upon the funds hereby established and made chargeable as aforesaid, and such other monies as are by this act appointed for repaying the same, with the interest thereof, and to have and receive, for their forbearance of the money lent, interest after a rate not exceeding four pounds and ten shillings per centum per annum, upon or in respect of the whole amount of the money so raised, foas such loans to be allowed be made by the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, who are hereby authorised to issue their warrants for that purpose, as fast as such loans shall be wanted for the publick service; and moreover, that no money so to be lent upon security of this act shall be rated or aftefted by virtue of this act, or any other act or acts of parliament whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act as aforesaid, and pay the same into the receipt of the exchequer, shall immediately have a tally of loan struck for the fame? and

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. 13

an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the same date _ with his, her or their tally 3, in or upon which order shall be also contained a warrant for the payment of interest for the forbearance thereof, so that such interest do not exceed, upon or in respect of the whole amount of the monies raised, the said rate of four pounds and ten shillings per centum per annum, and to be paid every three months, until the repayment of the principal; and all such orders for payment of money so to be Sniftered and lent shall be registered in course, according to the dates re- in COurfe. spectively; and that all and every person and persons shall be paid in course, according as their orders shall stand registered in the said register books, so as the person or persons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, administrators or assigns, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders first entered in the said book of register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first person or persons to be paid out of the monies to come in by virtue of this act; and he, she, or they, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid, and so successively and in course; and that the monies composing the funds established by virtue of this act shall be in the same order liable to the satisfaction of the said respective persons and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns respectively, without any undue preference of one before another, and not otherwise, and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever; and No fee for that no fee, reward, or gratuity, diredfly or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's subjects, for providing or making any such books or registers, or any entries, views, or searches, in or for payment of money lent, or the interest: thereof, as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieved by the party offending, with full costs of fuss; or if the officer himself take or demand any such fee or reward, then to forfeit his place also; and if any undue preference of one Penalty for before another shall be made either in point of registry or undue prepayment, contrary to the ti^ue meaning of this act, by any such Terence, officer or officers, then the party offending shall be liable, by action of debt, or on the case, to pay the value of the debt, with full costs of suit, to the party aggrieved, and shall be forejudged of his place or office; and if such preference shall be unduly made by any deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his master, then such deputy or clerk only shall be liable to such action, debt, damage, and costs, and shall for ever be incapable of his place or office: and in rafe the auditor of the receipt shall not direct the said orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the tellers make payment upon such order according to each person's due place and order, as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective deputies and clerks therein offending to be liable to such action, debt, damages, and costs, in such manner as aforesaid: all which said

i4

It shall not be deemed undue preference which of the tallies, dated or brought the same day, are ftrll entered; nor if subsequent orders be paid before such as were

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

penalties, forfeitures, damages, and coils, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, shall be in anywise granted or allowed.

XXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if it shall happen that several tallies of loan, or orders for payment, as aforesaid, bear date, -or be brought the same day to the auditor of the receipt to be registered; then it shall be interpreted no undue preference which of those be entered first, so as he enters them all the same day.

XXVII. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the auditor directs, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do pay subsequent orders to persons that come and demand their

Orders assign-abk.

not demanded monies, and bring their orders, before other persons who did not in courie. come to take their monies and bring their orders in course; so as there be so much money reserved as will satisfy precedent order; which shall not be otherwise disposed of but kept for them; interefh upon loan being to cease from the time the money is so reserved and kept in bank for them.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons, to whom any money shall be due for loans to be registered by virtue of this act, after order entered into the book of register aforesaid, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, by proper words of alignment, to be indorsed and written on his, her, or their order, may assign and transfer, his, her, or their right, title, interest, and benefit of such order to any other; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt

aforesaid, and an entry or memorial thereof also made in the book of register as aforesaid for orders, (which the officers shall upon request, without fee or charge, accordingly make), shall entitle such assignee, his executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and such assignee may, in like manner, assign again, and so toties quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who hath or have made any such assignment to make void, release or discharge the same, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

XXIX. And to the end there may he no want or failure of a certain sum, not to exceed in the whole two millions, to he raised either by such loans as aforesaid, or by issuing exchequer bills, as is herein' after mentioned, or by both or either of those says or means, for the publick service, be it further provided and enacted, That in case the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the common sum, of of the treasury for the time being, shall judge it or different more adviseable to raise the said sum of two millions, or any part sums, in the thereof, by exchequer bills, instead of such loans as aforesaid;

that then they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered,

Commissioners of the treasury empowered to prepare any number of exchequer bills of one

principal

monies.

r5

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3.

at any time or times, at once. Or by such proportions at a time as they respectively shall find to be most for the advantage of the publick, to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the exchequer, in such method and form as they or he shall think most safe and convenient, any number of new exchequer bills, containing one common sum or different sums in the principal monies; so that in case there shall be no loans made, then all the principal sums to be contained in che said bills to be made forth by this acct fihali not exceed two millions; and in case any such loans shall be made as aforesaid, then all the principal sums to be contained in the said bills to be made forth by this act, together with such loans so made, shall not exceed the said sum of two millions*

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said bills to t

prepared and made in pursuance of this act shall and may bear an interest at an interest not exceeding the rate of four pounds and ten shillings 4b jos. per per centum per annum, upon or in respect of the whole amount of oent* Per the monies thereby raised, and proportionably for any greater or aan'

less sum to be contained therein, and to be payable to the bearers thereof respectively; nevertheless the said interest shall be abated and saved upon such of the said bills to be made forth by this act as shall at any time or times be in the receipt of the exchequer, or in the hands or power of any receivers or collectors of any taxes, aids, or revenues whatsoever, payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during such time and times respectively as such bills shall be or remain in the said receipt, or in such hands or power as aforesaid.

XXXI. And it is hereby enacted, That all the said bills so to These bills to be prepared and made shall be numbered arithmetically, beginning be numbered with No, /, and so proceeding in an arithmetical progression af- ari]^ITuU* cending, wherein the common excess or difference shall always*

be one, and shall be registered according!}/, so that the principal sum be contained in every such bill, (after the payment of the loans which shall have been made as aforesaid, if any such be, with the interest thereof, or reserving money sufficient for that purpose), may regularly be paid off and discharged, in course, according to the number of every such bill as it shall stand in the said register; and that the interest upon all and every the said bills shall be payable every three months, according to the purport and true meaning of this act; and that upon every such bill there shall be indorsed, printed or written, in words at length or in figures, the sum after which the principal to be contained therein shall be payable in such course as aforesaid, according to the purport and true meaning of this act.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case Treasury the said sum, not exceeding two millions, shall be raised partly dire(^ lbe

by loans, and partly by exchequer bills, according to the powers for lo^s before given by this aci; that then, and in such case, it shall and or exchequer may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's bills* treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, when and as often as they shall, by virtue of the said powers* direct any such loans to be taken, or any such

i6 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

exchequer bills to be made out, at the same time also to direct and appoint the course and order in which such loans and exchequer bills shall stand upon the said register, and after what time they shall respectively begin to be payable in course, so as no subsequent loans or exchequer bills be made to alter the course at first appointed for prior loans or exchequer bills at the time of taking in or making out such prior loans or exchequer bills; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

chequ/s^cc?

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the said bills shall be prepared and made with such cheques, indents, or counterfoils, as shall be directed by the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being; and that the person or persons who is, are, or shall be appointed to pay off the said bills in course, shall from time to time have the use and custody of one part of all the cheques, indents, or counterfoils of the said exchequer bills to be prepared and made by virtue of this act, from which the said bills shall have been cut, to prevent his or their being imposed upon by counterfeit or forged bills; and that the undertakers, contractors for exchanging or circulating the said bills, or such of them as shall be current, shall from time to time have the use and custody, of one other part of the said cheques, indents, or counterfoils of the said exchequer bills from which the same shall have been cut off as aforesaid, in order to prevent their being imposed upon by any counterfeit or forged bills; and that all the said parts of the said cheques, indents, or counterfoils, shall be delivered back into the exchequer, when the said bills to be made forth by virtue of this act shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged.

The bills to

XXXIV. And it is hereby enacted, That the of cash^n the3S treasur7> or any ^ree or more of them now being, and the exchequer. said high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered, to cause such bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this act, to be placed as so much cash in the respective offices of the tellers of the said receipt of exchequer, each and every of which tellers shall be severally charged with a proportion of the said bills which, shall be so placed in his office r.espectively; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Clauses in the

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all the said bills to malt ad re- jfluec] as aforesaid shall be current in like manner, and with cheque^bills fQC^ privileges and advantages, and subject to such rules and di-extended to redtions, as are prescribed and enacted by an act of this present this session of parliament, (intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mu?n, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine), for or concerning the exchequer bills thereby authorised to be made forth; and that all and every the clauses and provisoes in the said last mentioned act relating to the currency, exchanging, or receiving the same last mentioned exchequer bills by any publick receivers of aids, taxes, or (applies, or in his Majesty's receipt of the exchequer, or for preventing the forging, counterfeiting,

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3.7

or altering the same bills, or for making out new bills in the room of such as shall be filled up with indorsements, lost, burnt, defaced, or otherwise destroyed, or for making out exchequer bills of five thousand pounds each, or for making^out exchequer bills without bearing interest, or for making them afterwards to bear an interest, or a higher or lower rate of interest, from time to time, as the contractors shall agree to* or for preventing any misapplication of the fund on which the same are charged, or any other misbehaviour of any officers concerned in the receiving, issuing, exchanging, paying off, or cancelling the same last mentioned exchequer bills; or for enabling the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, to contract from time to time with any person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, for payment of the interest of, or exchanging for ready money, on demand, the exchequer bills thereby authorised to be issued, at a rate or premium -not exceeding four pounds and ten shillings per centum per annum; or for preventing any disabilities in such contractors, or for making them not liable to be bankrupts on account of such contracts; or for appointing a paymaster or paymasters for paying off or cancelling the same exchequer bills in due course and order, shall be extended, and construed to extend, as well to the exchequer bills by this act authorised to be made forth, except only with respect to such matters which are otherwise specially provided for in this act, as to the exchequer bills to be made forth in pursuance of the said afor granting and continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, as amply, fully, and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted, verbatim, in this act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the loans and ex- The loans and chequer bills to be advanced or lent on the credit of this act shall ^q'uer be repaid at such periods and in such proportions as shall be a fuechC- settled and ascertained in and by any contract to be entered into periods as shall for that purpose by and between the of of the treasury be settled by for the time being, or any three or more of them, and the governor and deputy governor of the bank of England, on the part of ariVn^by^this the governor and company of the said bank of England, out of the act to be ap-rates, duties, and assessments hereby granted, if the same shall be plied for that sufficient; and the monies which shall from time to time arise at Purpose> the said receipt of exchequer, of or for the rates, duties, and assessments, by this act granted, shall, from time to time, as the same shall arise at the said receipt, be issued and applied at the said receipt for or towards paying off and discharging the orders of loan and exchequer bills for the monies which shall have been lent at the said receipt, and for satisfying the interest thereof, at such times and in such proportions as aforesaid, until all the principal and interest payable upon such orders of loan or exchequer bills, on the days and times herein mentioned, shall be fully satisfied, or sufficient monies shall be reserved in the exchequer for the full payment and satisfaction of the same; or the monies which shall from time to time arise at the said receipt of the

i8

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

exchequer, of or for the said rates, duties, or assessments hereby granted, shall, at such times and in such proportions as aforesaid, be issued to such paymaster by way of imprest, and upon account, for or towards paying off and discharging the said exchequer bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this act, in such course as aforesaid, and for or towards such other payments as are in and by this act directed or allowed to be made or discharged out^. of the same, and for no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever.

to take^r^ac-

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That, quarterly, on the fifth day of July, the tenth day of October, the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of April, or within ten days after each of those days and times in every year, after the passing of this act, or sooner if there shall be occasion, the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the

count, quarterly, of the money raised by loans or exchequer bills; and urn fat is tied money, at the end of any quarter, to be

time being, shall cause a true and perfect account in writing to

be taken, and attested by the proper officers, of all the monies charged on the which shall have been raised by loans or by exchequer bills, or by consolidated any or either of those ways or means, for or towards the said sum fund, not exceeding two millions, by this act intended to be raised as

aforesaid, and which ought to be paid and discharged before the end of each quarter, and how much thereof shall, before the end of each quarter, have been paid off and discharged, and how much thereof shall, at the end of each quarter, remain undischarged upon the said orders of loan and exchequer bills respectively, or upon any or either of them; and if at the end of any quarter there shall not be, in the said receipt of the exchequer, sufficient monies of the said rates, duties, and assessments, hereby granted, the monies so remaining unsatisfied or not discharged, with the interest due for the lame, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon the consolidated fund (except such monies of the said consolidated fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any former act or acts of parliament in that behalf); and such monies of the said consolidated fund shall and may be issued for supplying money to the said paymaster, for discharging the said unsatisfied orders of loan or exchequer bills in course, as the said of of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall direct, until all the principal and interest which shall be or remain due upon the said orders of loan or exchequer bills, or any of them, shall be fully cleared and paid off, or money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose: and if at any time or times, before or after any money of the said rates, duties, or assessments hereby granted, shall be brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a want of money for paying interest which shall be actually incurred and grown due upon the said orders of loan or exchequer bills, or any of them, or for payment of any premium or rate which shall be incurred or grown due by any contract or contracts to be made by virtue of this act for exchanging the same bills, that then, and in every such case, the money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the said rates, duties, and assessments hereby granted, remaining in the said receipt of the exchequer as aforesaid, if

*9

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3.

there shall be sufficient of those monies in the said receipt, otherwise the same shall and may be supplied out of the monies of the said consolidated fund, (except as before excepted), and be issued accordingly.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That what- and to be re-ever monies shall be issued out of the said consolidated fund shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first supplies to pges r " be then after granted in parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And whereas several orders of loan or exchequer bills made upon and in pursuance of an act of parliament of the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled., An act for Deficiency of granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised inlandtax Great Britain, for the service of the' year one thousand seven goW to be hundred and ninety-seven), fill remain unpaid, for want of suffi- supplied. cient money arising by the said act being come into the exchequer to answer and pay the same, and it is uncertain how much thereof the monies arising by the said act will be able to answer and discharge; be it enacted, That if the money arisen or to arise into the exchequer, for or on account of the said aids, on or before the twenty-ninth day of September, which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall not be sufficient to discharge the whole principal and interest due, or to grow due, on the several orders of loan or exchequer bills made upon or in pursuance of the said act, that then so much money as shall then appear to be deficient or wanting for answering the purposes aforesaid, shall and may be supplied and made good out of any of the monies arising into the exchequer by or from the loans or exchequer bills on this act, or any other monies or loans that are or shall be appropriated for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall direct and apply the same accordingly; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures^caSon1^ hereby imposed shall, if sued for within six calendar months from penalties the time of such penalties or forfeitures being incurred, be to his where sued Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, for in fix with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform months* or sue for the same within the time aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster for offences committed in England, or in his Majesty's court of exchequer in Scotland for offences committed in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, protection, privilege, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for his Majesty's attorney general in England, or his Majesty's advocate in Scotland, in case it shall appear to his satisfaction that any such last- penalty or forfeiture was incurred without intention or fraud, to flay all further proceedings, by entering a noli prosequi, or otherwise, with respect as well to the share of such penalty or to

If not sued for in that time, to be recovered in the name of the attorney general, &c.

Limitation of actions.

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

Act may be altered or repealed this session.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3. [1798.

forfeiture claimed by such informer or informers, as to the share thereof belonging to his Majesty,

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in default of prosecution within the time herein-before limited, no such last mentioned penalty^or forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the name of his Majesty's attorney general in England, and of his Majesty's advocate in Scotland, by information in the court of exchequer in England or Scotland respectively, in which case the whole of such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and that all penalties and forfeitures, and shares of penalties and forfeitures incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall be paid into the hands of such person or persons as the commissioners for the affairs of taxes shall appoint to receive the same, to the use of his Majesty; and that in all cases where the whole of such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures shall be recovered to the use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, it shall be lawful for the said of to cause such reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of such penalty or forfeiture forecovered, after deducing all charges and expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout to or amongst any person or persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as informers in respect of such penalties or forfeitures so recovered; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit shall be brought against: any person or persons for anything done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, or if the plaintiff* or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant hath in any other cases to recover costs bylaw,

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this atft may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts of this present session of parliament.

CAP. IV.

An further to continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy, videlicet, On the sixth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the better prevention and punishment of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces, by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience.

[December 17, 1798.]

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 5.

CAP. V.

An act to continue) until the expiration of one month after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act passed in the last session of parliament, chapter sixty-six, videlicet, On the twenty-first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, intituled An act for empowering his Majesty for a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the services of such parts of his militia forces in this kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland.

[December 20, 1798.]

CAP. VI.

An act to enlarge the time limited for the redemption of the land tax; and to explain and amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for making perpetual, subject to redemption and purchase in the manner therein stated, the several Turns of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

[December 22, 1798.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that further provision should he made for effectually carrying into execution an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An 38 Geo. 3. c, ait for making perpetual, subject to redemption and purchase in 6o> recited, the manner therein stated, the several sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all bodies politick and corporate, companies, and persons, in the said act mentioned, who by the 12, 13,

said act are empowered to contrait for the redemption of the14* land tax charged on any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of which they shall be in possession, or bene- fnp(fffessionaf ficially entitled to the rents and profits, in preference to anybodies, land entitled corporations, or companies, or other persons having any estate to redeem, in or interest in remainder, reversion, or expediency, or being Prese*LenCe to substitute heirs of entail in the same manors, messuages, lands, March a5, tenements, or hereditaments, until the twenty-fifth day of Decern- 1799, (instead her one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and their re- of Dec. 35, speitive committees, curators, tutors, guardians, or trustees, on verfioners* in* their behalf, (except tenants for years absolute, or for years preference ta determinable on lives on any dpmise, for which a fine or pre-all others, till mium was paid, and tenants for lives on any demise, where a rent June 25, 1799, was reserved, or a fine or premium was paid,) shall have and be entitled to the like benefit or preference, in and to the redemp- arc 25 tion of such land tax, until the twenty-fifth day of March on; e thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and in case no contrail shall have been entered into by or on behalf of such bodies, corporations;, or companies, or persons in ppfle(Iion3 or entitled c 3 as

22. Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1798.

as last mentioned, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, then and in every such case the bodies, corporations, or companies, or other person or persons having such estates and interests in remainder, reversion, or expectancy, or being substitute heirs of entail, entitled in their order to succeed to the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and wfio by the said act were empowered to contract for the redemption of the land tax charged thereon, after the said twenty-fifth day of December, and until the twenty-fifth day of March, in preference to any other bodies, corporations, or companies, or other persons whatsoever, not having an estate or interest therein, and their respective committees, curators, tutors, guardians, or trustees, on their behalf, shall have and be entitled to such and the like benefit of preference in the redemption of such land tax, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, as is given to them respectively by the said act until the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

tax

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no land any other per-

tax before the said twenty-fifth day of June one thousand

fons before seven hundred and ninety-nine, be put up to sale by auction or June 25, 1799, otherwise, or sold to any person or persons other than such per-unless notice son pr persons as by this act are enabled to redeem the same fiTcVprefer^1 Pr'or to t^e said twenty-fifth day of June one thousand seven encebegiven. hundred and ninety-nine, except where notice shall be given not;

to claim the benefit of preference given by this act.

rfo/sUn&c5> IH* And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fnterested in twenty-fifth day oijune one thousand seven hundred and ninety-lands, may nine, any persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, having any redeem on the interest in any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or herein efoS ditaments, may at any time thereafter, contract and agree for while the t^le redemption of their land tax charged thereon, in the same land tax re- manner, and under the same terms and conditions, as such per-mains unfold, fons, bodies, corporations, or companies, may do prior to the said twenty-fifth day of June-, provided that such land tax shall then remain unfold in pursuance of the provisions of the said No land tax aft: provided also, That no land tax shall be sold in pursuance 10 sold to Of aft, after the said twenty-fifth day of June one thou-

foifs interest- ^an(^even hundred and ninety-nine, in any case where the per-erd, where they fons, bodies, corporations, or companies, shall have given notice have given^to the respective of for the purposes of the said act, notice of their Gf an intention of redeeming the same in pursuance thereof, other than to such persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, interested as aforesaid: provided also. That no such land tax shall be redeemed by any bodies, corporations, or companies, having any estate in remainder, reversion, or expectancy, in the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whereon such

intention to redeem 5 nor redeemed by reversioners for three months,

iii possesson land tax shall be charged, for the space of three months after give such notice given to the respective of, by any persons, notice, " bodies,

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. 23

bodies, corporations, or companies, considered by the said a# as being in the a#ual possession of the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of an intention to redeem the same in pursuance of this a#.

IV. And be it further enacted, That were any contract shall s

be entered into after the twenty-fifth day of March one thou- March 25, sand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in pursuance of this a#, the transfers of capital stock to be transferred as the consideration thereof, shall frock to be be made within the period of four years from the twenty-fifth

day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by the from June like number of instalments, and on the like days in each year, the first in-with the like power to transfer the same by any less number of fralment on or instalments or in advance, as by the said recited a# is allowed, before Aug. 1. and the first: of the said instalments shall, in every such case be made I0, on or before the first: day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

V. And be it further enacted, That where the land tax charged upon the glebe lands or tythes of any living shall not have been glebe or redeemed by the incumbent thereof before the twenty-fifth day tythes is not of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, then it redeemed by shall be lawful for the patron of the advowson of such living* at the incumbent any time after the said-twenty fifth day of March, to contract patron

the redemption of the land tax charged thereon, in the same ^nay redeem manner in all respects as a person seized or entitled in remainder, as aYeVer-reversion, or expe#ancy, is by the said a# entitled to contract;, ^bere the provided always, That were such land tax shall have been re-liv*ng shall deemed by the incumbent of such living out of his own estate, or not have been by the patron thereof, and such living shall not have been ex-exonerated by onerated therefrom, it shall be lawful for the incumbent who shall next succeed to such living at any time after his institution succeeding^ or indu#ion, or donation thereto, to demand an assignment of incumbent -such land tax from the preceding incumbent, or his represen-may demand tatives in case of his death, or from such patron, or his heirs or t^f"^ent representatives, as the case may be, in the same manner as a per- ax as anreson in remainder, reversion, or expe#ancy, is by the said a# verfioner authorised to demand an assignment of any land tax on his or her coming into estate or interest becoming; vested in possession. possessionmay

VI. And be it further enacted and declared, That for the

do under f. 18. of 38

purpose of raising money for the redemption of the land tax, by Geo. 3. c. 60. the sale, mortgage, or grant of any manors, messuages, lands* Lands may be tenements, or hereditaments, authorised to be sold or charged By fold ormori-the said a# passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his, aged to represent Majesty, or this a#, all and every the provisions thereof, faxmi^the^'relating to such sale, mortgage, or grant, shall be construed to whole estate extend to empower the sale, mortgage, or grant, of so many, v9r ok the feller, such part or parts of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, whether or hereditaments, as shall be sufficient for the purpose not only, of redeeming such land tax, if any, as may be charged on the ornot/if'

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fold, limited to the mortgaged, or charged, but also of redeeming the land tax same uses; charged on the rest or any other part or parts of, such their or his

24 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1798.

m one conn-

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whether, b^e all same Hiall be respectively situate in the same or any other

others. place or division of the same county, riding, shire, or stewartry,

or in any other county, riding, shire, or stewartry, and whether the same shall be charged or not charged with land tax, provided they respectively (land settled and limited to the same uses, and in the same order and course of limitation; and that all and every the certificates which shall be granted in any division of any county, riding, shire, stewartry, or place, shall be as valid and effectual in all respects, in every other division of the same county, riding, shire, or stewartry, and also in every other county, riding, shire, or stewartry, in Great Britain, for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of land tax^charged on the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, comprized in such certificates, and for authorising and enabling the completion of the contract to be made thereon, by sale, mortgage, or grant of other manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, wheresoever situate, in Great Britain, as they might be under the said act, within the county, riding, fibre, stewartry, or division, where such certificates shall be granted.

Any perform

VII. And be it further enacted, That when any body politick

deein^his la/Ld OI. ^orporate3 or other person or persons, who shall redeem any tax*(notSex- tax charged in any county, riding, shire, stewartry, or place,

ceeding 25l. shall be desirous to pay the consideration for the same in lawful perann.) for a rfibtiey of Great Britain, in lieu of transferring (lock in three consideration, 'p0ljnds per centum bank annuities, in the manner, by the said act be pai^the^ direvsted, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them so to do, pro-receiver gel; 'vided the land tax so to be redeemed or purchased in such county, nefial, and; f Tiding, shire, stewartry, or place, shall not exceed the sum or proportioned twenty-five pounds per annum; and in every such case the con- price of * tra<^ shall ben the form anc^ to the effetft expressed in the sche-psr cent!con- dule to this act annexed; and the consideration for such redemp-iols; the con- tion shall be so much of lawful money of Great Britain, to be irabfcto be in pajd into ^he hands of the receiver general of the land tax for the rebtecUn the cdnty, riding, or place, in England, or his deputy or colleger tehedule. for the shire, stewartry, or place in Scotland, where the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of which the said land tax shall be so redeemed, shall be situate, as, according to the current price of stock transmitted to such receiver general or dbjleblor, at such of the respective periods herein after mentioned See f. as the party shall eleeft, shall be sufficient to purchase so much

P g^capital stock of publick annuities, in this act mentioned, as will yield an annuity or dividend exceeding the amount of the land -^tax so to be redeemed as aforesaid by one tenth part thereof; The receiver and such receiver general or collector, or their respective depu-t^eSj and they are hereby respectively authorised and required, receipt to be upon the production of the certificate of the amount of the land indorsed on tax to be redeemed, and of the contrabl entered into thereupon, t)ie contract. as herein is directed, to accept and receive such sum or sums of money which shall have been contracted to be paid as the consideratioin fot such redemption, and shall give a certificate or receipt,

r

25

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6.

acknowledging such payment, which shall be indorsed on such contrail; and such certificate or receipt shall be as valid and effectual in all respects, after the registry thereof, (which registry is hereby directed and allowed to be made), as the certificate or receipt of the cashier or cashiers of the bank is by the said act directed to be, in case the consideration was to be transferred in three pounds per centum bank annuities. i,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the cashier or cashiers ^nfafit^he of the governor and company of the bank of England ill all, and prjce of con-they are hereby required, on Tuesday in every week, 'the same not iols every being a holyday, or being a holyday, then on the day preceding, Tuesday to the not being a holyday, to cause an account of the average price at ta?* u which the three pounds per centum consolidated annuities shall ip], the fame7 have been fold on such day, (or otherwise on the following open in the Gazette, day on which such stock shall be sold, in case any stock shall and transmit*have been fold, and the books for fuefi side filial 1 be opened at the

bank of England on such day), and shall cause the same to be ral^whcfshall transmitted to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, who adjust the-shall thereupon cause the same to be pubh(hed in the London consideration Gazette, and also transmitted to the respective receivers general the^redfim^ in the several counties, ridings, or places in England, and to the t; on or ^he receiver general in Scotland, to be by him transmitted to the re- land tax speilive collectors in the several shires, stewartries, and places in accordingly* Scotland or their respective deputies; which account, so published and transmitted, shall be sufficient authority to such receivers general or their deputies, and to such collectors, to settle and adjust the sums which ought to be paid as the consideration for the redemption of such land tax on all payments made after the receipt of such account, and before the receipt of any subsequent account, if the said books at the bank of England shall then remain open for such sales.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the party entering into The party re-such contract may elet to pay the consideration for the redemption of the land tax either according to the current price of the whokk

said stock, as the same shall have been transmitted to such re- consideration

ceiver or colletor in the week preceding the day of entering within one

into the same, in which case the whole of the money shall be paid c^dVn^to

to such receiver or collector within the week in which such t]ie

contract shall be entered into, (computing the same from the current prie

Tuesday to the Wednesday in the following week), or according of dock; or to the current price of stock, as the same shall be transmitted to 16

*J merits ac-

such receiver or collector in the week preceding the day or days cordingtothe

stipulated for payment, in which cases such consideration may price of dock

be paid by sixteen instalments within the space of four years, or in the week.

by any less number of instalments, or by one payment, as the

party shall choose, and shall cause to be stipulated in the contract; payment;

and in every such case the sum stipulated to be paid shall be or by any less

duly paid to the respective receivers or collectors on the day or number of

days stipulated in such contrails respectively; and if any person ^one8*

so contracting shall neglect or omit to pay such sum of money payment, the

on the day or days, or within the time stipulated in such con-price to be af-

trad, stained at

26 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6.

[1^98.

tra#, every such person shall forfeit one sixteenth part of the consideration to be paid for the redemption of land tax mentioned in such contract-, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered by the said a#.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon every contract entered into as aforesaid, upon which the payment of money shall be made by instalments, there shall be paid at the time of making the second, and so of every subsequent instalment upon such contract, into the hands of such respective receivers or colle#ors, (whole receipt shall be a sufficient discharge), to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a purchaseSr ^um money? by way of interest, equal to the amount of the shall pay, by land tax redeemed, deducting therefrom a sum bearing the same way of inte- proportion to such land tax as the amount of the dock to be pur-3eft, a pro- chafed with the money then before paid bears to the whole U^i^tax^re- arnount of stock to be purchased with the money agreed to be paid in such contract, of which sums so to be paid by way of interest, a separate account shall be kept by such respective receivers and colle#ors, and the same shall be applied in the same manner as in the said a# is directed with respect to the interest coniraiiuon- thereby made payable.

rS or a'e 

XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any contract shall be entered into in pursuance of this a#, the of appointed for the redemption and sale of the land tax, with whom such contract shall be made, shall forthwith cause an abstra# to be transmitted to the receiver general of the same county or the day of payment, bn failure of paying any initalment, the party to forfeit i- 16th of the consideration agreed for.

On payment of the id and all other in-

land tax re< deemed.

On making i'uch contrails the commission-

the land tax shall cause ab-Itraits to be transmitted to ] the receivers general of such parts of riding in England, or to the receiver general of Scotland, of such contracts as will enable them to ascertain the ilock

parts of such contracts as will enable such receivers general to ascertain the amount of stock to be purchased as the consideration for the redemption of land tax redeemed by such con-

ed for the redemption of the land tax, &c. an account of which the receiver general fli all

to be purchas- tra#, or intended so to be, the sums in money payable on such contract, and the day or days of payment thereof; an account of which stock, sums of money, and the day or days of payment thereof, the said receivers general respectively shall forthwith cause to be transmitted to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, for the information of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury; and the said of of the treasury, communicate or any three or more of them for the time being, are hereby empowered to dire#, from time to time, as there shall be occasion, sufficient money to be advanced to the commissioners for the redu#ion of the national debt, for the purchase of so much capital stock as shall be mentioned in such contract, before or on the respective days appointed for the payment of the sums payable on such contract, or as soon after as the same can conveniently be done, out of any monies in the hands of such receivers general respectively, or out of any publick monies in the receipt the reduction of the exchequer, applicable to the supplies and service of the year, as to the said of of the treasury shall seem expedient; which sums so advanced shall be, from time to time, replaced by and out of the monies to be paid upon such contract to such receivers general, and the stock so purchased shall be, placed irv

the

to the tax office for the information of the trta-fury, who shall direct money to be advanced to the of for

of the national debt, for the purchase of the stock mentioned in the contract.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. 27

the name of the commissioners for the reduction of the national which shall be debt, for the uses and purposes of this act, and as if the same monies

had been purchased by and with the monies paid on such con- to \>t p trail. upon such

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where contract,

any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall Where l.inda be sold by virtue of the said ail or of this ail, for the purpose of ^eruption redeeming any land tax, it shall be lawful for the person or of the land persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, making such sale, to tax, the fel-agree with the purchaser of such manors, messuages, lands, kf may agree tenements, or hereditaments so proposed to be sold, that the chafer that1" purchase money for the same shall be paid by instalments, pro- the purchase vided such instalments be to be paid into the bank of England in money shall, the manner directed by the said ail, within the same period, by and on the same days and times as shall be specified in the contract for the redemption of such land tax, for the transfer or into the bank payment of the respective instalments of stock to be transferred on the days thereon, together with interest at the time of payment of each specifred in instalment, as in the said act is directed to be paid upon the /redemption transfer of stock by instalments: provided also. That such for the tra nf-agreement, and the days and times stipulated for the payment fer of (lock; of such instalments, and the amount thereof respectively, be facJjtagr* inserted and expressed in the indenture whereby such manors, ^teVhi the messuages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, shall be conveyed: conveyance provided also. That if the person who shall have entered into of the lands such contrail for the redemption of such land tax, shall die 5 ^onco before the transfer and payment of all the said instalments, then tradfngfonhe and in such case the future instalments shall be made good by the redemption person or persons who shall for the time being be entitled to the die before the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, the land transfer and tax whereof shall have been so redeemed, and the afters of the alUhZ?n- person so dying shall not be liable to make good the same. ftalments, the

future instalments shall be made good by the persons entitled to the lands exonerated $ and the aifets of the person dying shall not be liable.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the^Pure^a*

fer fail in paying his said respective instalments, or the interest to be paid thereon, shall not be paid by such purchaser into the bank of Englandmitaiments, on the days and times whereon the same ought to be paid as the persons aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the person or persons, bodies, ^rho

have been beneficially

corporations, or companies, who would for the time being have been beneficially entitled to the said manors, messuages, lands, entitled to tenements, and hereditaments, in case the same had not been the lands, fold upon every such default to enter into and hold and enjoy lfnot lQld, such manors, messuages, lands, tenements and hereditameins, ^a^1at1^into and by all lawful ways and means to recover and compel the compel payment of such respective instalments, and the interest thereon, payment, in like manner as if the lame had been secured by an actual aiKl the (ae mortgage of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or C

hereditaments, and the same may again be put up to sale for the {aic for raif-purpose of raising the money remaining unpaid under and subject ing the money to the same terms and conditions by which the same might be reaming

" k>idunfmd*

28

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1798.

fold in the first instance, and with the like power of relief, in all cases, to the purchaser making such default, as is given by the said act in cases of default in transferring stock by the party, contracting for the land tax.

?Tf

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any

for not manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be

ex.; .: ag fold or charged for the purpose of redeeming any land tax, and

confi Oration money to ar^e ^erehy shall not exceed the sum of five for Ved^emp-11 hunted pounds, and the consideration for the redemption of tion is to be such land tax shall in the contract be stipulated to be paid in paid in money, money, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the respective the purchaser purchasers or mortgagees of such manors, messuages, lands, tene-fold-maypay ments> or hereditaments, or the respective grantees of any rent the purchase charge thereout, to pay their respective purchase or mortgage money to the monies to the receiver general for the county or riding, or the receiver ge- collector for the shire or stewartry, where the same manors, receiptTfhah messuages> lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be situate, be equivalent whose receipts shall be as effectual in all respects to discharge to those of the such respective purchasers, mortgagees, or grantees, as the receipt of the cashier of the bank of England would have been in case such money had been paid into the bank; and the respective person, bodies, corporations, or companies, whose land tax shall have been redeemed therewith, shall be entitled to have and receive the same discharges, and their respective estates shall be exonerated and discharged from such land tax, in the same manner, in all respects, as if such monies had been actually paid by them; and in case there shall be any surplus of such monies after reserving the consideration for such land tax, the same shall be paid to a trustee or trustees to be named by the respective persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, redeeming such land tax, in order that the same may be applied in the manner directed by the said act respecting surplus stock, where the same shall not exceed two hundred pounds stock.

TriihC&-any And be it further enacted, That where, in any parish or

fheWefl-"' place the sums rated and assessed by any assessment made by virtue ments under of an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his the land tax present Majesty, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty Wt session a tax to ratfe^ tn Great Britain, y#/* the service of the year

shall exceed one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, on the manors, messuages,

or be ief6 than lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in such pariftror place, shall the sum exceed or be less in amount than the sum which has been set or

(CST^arish ^TjP^e^ upon such parish or place, in respect of the said manors, &c. the com- naclfuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, it shall be lawful roissioners of for the of of land tax acting for the division where land tax may, such parish or place is situate, and they are hereby required, rf'mSn^and'* seven days asser any complaint thereof shall be lodged

settlethe same* c^er^ to such of by any person charged in

and in case of such assessment, (of which complaint such clerk is hereby required doubt from to give notice to all such of the of acting for the

variation in fai<j division who shall be then resident within the same), to meet

former assess. together

y dllU.

the surplus, if any, after redemption of the land tax, may be paid to a trustee for the feller.

f. 34-.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. ig

together at their usual place of meeting within their division, at meats, the 1

which meeting the said of shall proceed to ascertain

o * hp determined

and settle the just sum which has been set or imposed upon such^a certifi-

parish or place in fefpecl of the said manors, messuages, lands, cate from the

tenements, or hereditaments; and in case any doubt shall arise exchequer;

amongst the said of, by reason of any variation in

former assessments, as to the amouht of the fiim which shall thenap-

have been set and imposed upon any parlftl or place* the same portioned over

shall and may be determined by the certificate of the King's the parish by

remembrancer from the rolls of the exchequer in England\ and by ^o^s^rTthe

the certificate of one of the barons of the exchequer in Scotland, same pr'0p0r-

from the duplicates returned to them respectively for the period of tions in which

twenty years last pad, and if the said duplicates shall vary, then they were

from the duplicate for the year next antecedent to such period; before 1

which certificate the said remembrancer in England and barons

in Scotland shall give, at the request of the said of,

gratis^ and the same shall be final and conclusive; and when

such assessment shall have been less in amount than the sum

which ought to be imposed upon such parish or place, the said of shall cause the deficiency to be assessed upon the respective manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, charged with land tax in such parish or place by the said assessment, as nearly as may be, according to the same proportions in which they respectively flood charged before such adjustment; and when such assessment shall exceed in amount the sum which ought to be imposed upon such parish or place, the said of shall cause the excess to be deducted and abated from the sums charged upon the respective manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in such parish or place, as nearly as may be, according to the same proportions in which such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments respectively flood charged before such adjustment.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where, in anyparish where any or place the sums rated and assessed, or to be rated and assessed, lands are by virtue of the said last mentioned act, on the manors, messuages, omitted to be lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in such parish or place, shall ot have been charged upon all the manors, messuages, lands, any perfor/ tenements, and hereditaments, situate in such parish or place, aggrieved by and chargeable to the said rate, then and in every such case it such omiffioa shall be lawful for any person or persons having any interest in any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fioneTS) gmng charged by the said assessment, in such parish or place, who shall seven d'ays think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by reason of any notice, though such omission, to appeal to the of ofland taxor supply, ea^under

acting for such parish or place, in order that the manors, messuages, the act be lands, tenements, or hereditaments, omitted to befocharged, may expired; and be duly charged in such assessment, notwithstanding the time limit- the commit', ed for making appeals in and by the said last mentioned act shall*l0nt\rs be expired; provided the person or persons so intending to appeal time for shall give seven days previous notice thereof, in writing, to one hearing the or piore of the assessors of the parish or place where such assessment

appeal.

3 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1798.

shall be made; and the said assessor or assessors shall give publick notice of any appeal so made, by affixing the lame in writing on the church or chapel door, or on the market house or cross, or other place where notices have been usually affixed in fuel] parish or place; which notice shall be deemed good and sufficient to all and every persons chargeable by such assessment, in respect of their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, -as aforesaid; and the respective of ailing for the divisions where such appeals shall be made, shall appoint a convenient time for hearing and determining the same, of which they shall cause the like publick notice to be given as aforesaid.

Commissioners

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if upon such any appeal in^lir'h hear- appear to fold of, or any three or more of

appeals, direct them, or the major part of them then present, for hearing and assessors to determining such appeals, by proof upon oath or affirmation, makeanew (which oath or affirmation the said of are hereby ^ua^tlsea, lthorised to administer), that any manors, messuages, lands, former affiffi- tenements, or hereditaments, have been omitted to be charged in ment. such assessment, it shall be lawful for the said of to

direcSt the assessors to make a new rate, by assessing all such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in such parish or place, as were omitted to be assessed in the former assessment, and to deduct the amount thereof from the charge upon other manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as were before charged in such assessment, in proportion as the same were so respectively charged therein, without altering the respective proportions at which the same were so charged, and upon the confirmation of such new assessment, to settle and adjust the sums which may have been overcharged upon and paid accordingly by any person or persons charged in such former assessment, and direct in what manner the sums overpaid shall be returned, and thereupon to qualh such former assessment.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted That nothing ments of C herein contained shall be construed to authorise the said com-persons who missioners of land tax or fupjdy to make any alteration in the shall have assessment of any person or persons, bodies, corporations, or com-Pan^es' w before the day to be appointed for hearing and determining such appeals as aforesaid, have contracted with the of specially named for that purpose for the redemption of land tax charged upon his, her, or their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments; and who shall not at that time of entering into such contract have declared to the said of his, her, or their option to be considered on the same footing as a person not interested in the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, purchasing the land tax charged thereon, is by the said first recited act considered as far as relates to the land tax comprised in such contract, unless the person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, having so contracted, shall be desirous of refeinding the contrail so

redemption of their land Ux; unless they declare th ir option to be considered as purchasers or their drhre to reicind their contrail.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. 3r

made, or of declaring his, her, or their option respecting the same as aforesaid, and shall give notice thereof to the of of land tax or supply before the day appointed for hearing and determining appeals under this act, in which cases only the contracts so made shall become null and void in order to such alteration being made in such assessment; but otherwise every such contract, whereupon such option shall not have been declared, shall stand good, and the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whereon the land tax so redeemed shall be charged, shall be and continue exonerated from the same, and from all further assessments according to the directions of the said first recited act, and as if this act had not been made; and the land tax so redeemed shall be entered in such new assessment as the just charge in respect of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments so exonerated.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Tha!t where, Future

in any parish or place, any rate charged upon any manors, contrails to messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be altered suchaUer-by virtue of this act, all such contrails as aforesaid, which shall edafTdlments be entered into after the day for hearing and determining appeals, shall be regulated according to the charge in such altered assessment. In the sche'

XX. And be it further enacted, That in the schedule or b^any^erson description which shall be produced to the of of land having benefit tax or supply, or to the justices of the peace, or to the clerk of preference, the peace, in any county, riding, shire, division, or place, by fctent to Rate virtue of the said act of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his the nature of present Majesty, and of this ail, by any person or persons, the premises, bodies, corporations, or companies, having benefit of preference the name of as therein and herein is mentioned, that it shall be sufficient in ^occupier, such schedule to state the respective natures of the premises, and where Pituate, the name or names of the occupier or occupiers thereof, and the and such other parish or place where the same shall be situate, and such other circumstances circumstances as the said of, or justices, or cleric of as

the peace, shall require, without stating therein the quantities or the commis-reputed quantities of such premises. (loners, with-

XXI. And be it further enacted, That where any body politick out dating or corporate, or company, or other person or persons, shall '

redeem his, her, or their land tax, by or out of his, her, or their w^ere* er own personal estate, or by or out of any trust property applicable fon/redeem to such redemption by virtue of the said act, or by and out of any their land monies which shall arise and be produced by any mortgage or tax by any grant to be made by virtue of the said act, or by any other means other means than by sale under the said act, and also where any such body d^mand^n* politick or corporate, or company, or other person or persons, alignment shall be entitled under the said act, on the determination of any from purchas-precedent estate, to demand an alignment of 2ny contract from the person or persons who shall have entered into the same, for the redemption of any land tax, his, her, or their executors, Way as persons administrators, or assigns, it shall be lawful for all and every in actual such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other persons, in

initance.

3

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1798.

either for the purpose of reimbursing all sums of money laid out in the redemption of such land tax, or of paying off any sums borrowed on that account, or for the purpose ofc* raising money to purchase the alignment of any contract from the proprietor or proprietors thereof, to carry into execution all and every or any of the powers by the said act or this given, in order to raise money by iale for the redemption of any land tax, in such and the same manner, and under and subject to such and the same rules, restritftions, and regulations, in all respects, as any bodies, corporations, or companies, or other person or persons being in the actual possession, or beneficially entitled to the rents and profits of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements-; or hereditaments* are by the said act ind this act empowered to carry the same into execution for the purpose of redeeming any such land tax in the first inllance.

If the acting of of land tax refuse to grant certificates of the amount of the land tax, judices in their petty sessions, or the clerks of the peace, may grant the lame; and the clerk of the of refuting to produce duplicates of the assessments to such justice.*, on their order, flmll forfeit Sol.

Certificates ?. ran ted by commdfionei s not having qualified, shall be valid; and the of dial I be indemnified, on I heir qualifying.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if the acting commissionets of the land tax, in any division or place, shall, before the passing of this act, have refused, or hereafter shall refuse, to grant certificates of the amount of the land tax charged upon any person or persons applying for the same, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the justices of the peace, assembled at any petty sessions to be holden in and for such division and place, and also for the respective clerks of the peace in the respective counties wherein such divisions or places shall be situate, and they are hereby respectively required, upon complaint of such refusal as aforesaid, and upon the production of such schedule as is in and by the said act directed to be produced to the said of of land tax, to grant to the person or persons applying for the same such and the like certificate or certificates of the amount of his, her, or their land tax, as is by the said act directed to be granted by the said of of land tax, and for that purpose the said justices are hereby empowered to order the duplicates of the afiVffrnents of land tax in the custody of the clerk to such of of land tax, or any other person or persons, to be brought before them; and in case the said clerk to the commissioners shall refule to deliver up the said duplicates, when so required to do by the said justices, he shall for every such refusal forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered in such manner as other penalties are by the said act directed to be recovered, and all certificates granted in pursuance of this act shall be as valid and effectual as if the same were granted by the of acfling in and for such division or place*, and all certificates which shall have been signed by any person or persons named in any aef or ac\s of parliament for appointing of for the county or riding within which such certificates may have been granted, although such of shall not have before acted in the particular division or place where the said certificates were granted, or shall have omitted to take the several oaths prescribed by any act or acts of parliament to be taken by such of, shall in like manner be valid and effectual to all the intents and Diimofes of the said act, and the respective commissioners who

x'/9S.T Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. 33

shall have so signed the same, shall and are hereby respectively indemnified for so doing, and shall be freed and discharged from all penalties and rlifabilities whatever incurred thereby, provided that such of shall, within three calendar months after the passing of this act, take all such oaths as aforesaid, which he or they may have omitted to take before the granting such certificates.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That is.only to be no greater fee or reward shall be taken or demanded by any clerks of the such clerk of the peace for any certificate granted under the pefl(le for such authority of this act, than one shilling in respect of each sum so'certificates, certified.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That were the execu- Where the tors, administrators, or assigns of any person or persons, who shall have redeemed the land tax charged on any manors, demptioners messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, by or out of are entitled to his, her, or their own estate, shall be entitled under the said act receive the to receive an annuity or interest out of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, equal to the amount of the redeemed as land tax which shall have been so redeemed, it shall be lawful an annuity, for such executors, administrators, or assigns, from time to time, they shall have to use the same powers and remedies for the recovery of such ^dieTas*annuity or interefi as landlords can or may use for the recovery iancjiords* of rents in arrear; and also, that where any bodies politick or and so shall corporate, and companies, or any persons having any estate or reversioners, interefi in remainder, reversion, or expectancy, or being substitute heirs of pntail in any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, to\e conii_ or hereditaments, shall, under and by virtue of the said recited dered as pur-act of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chafers), till and of the benefit of preference thereby given, by and out of ftTff

his, her, or their own property, contract for the redemption of goru^'/

the land tax charged thereon, during the continuance of any. preceding estate or interefi, (not being a lease or demise -at rack rent,) and shall not in the contract for the redemption thereof declare his or her option to be considered on the same footing as a person not interested in the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under the said act is considered, then and in such case the corporations or companies, or other persons in reversion, remainder, or expectancy, or being substitute heirs of entail as aforesaid, shall in the mean time, until their respective efiates and interefis vest in possession by reason of the determination of the preceding estate, be entitled to have and receive the amount of the land tax so redeemed, and shall have the same powers and remedies for the recovery of the land tax so redeemed as landlords may use for the recovery of rents in arrear.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That when two or more Joint tenants,

persons shall be seised or entitled in undivided shares and propor- &c. may re- t -; deem their

tions, either as coparceners, tenants in common, or joint te- pr0portion of

nants, of or to any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here- land tax, and

ditaments, it shall be lawful for any one or more of such persons on a partition

D

their share

34

shall be exonerated.

On one of such joint tenants, &c. neglecting to redeem, any other such tenant may claim a preference.

Persons may sell lands by parcels to make good Instalments; the particular instalment to be satisfied shall be specified in the

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1798.

to apply to the of of land tax or supply, acting in and for the division, shire, stewartry, or place, wherein such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be situate, to settle and adjust the amount and proportion of each of such person's share of and in the land tax charged thereon, and to grant a certificate thereof5 and the said of shall grant such certificate to the person or persons applying for the same, and thereupon it shall be lawful for such person or persons to claim the like benefit of preference for the redemption of his, her, or their proportion of the said land tax, and do all acts necessary for carrying such contract into execution, in the same manner as if such proportion of land tax had been separately charged on any manors, messuages, lands, tenements* or hereditaments, and as if such person or persons was or were solely seised or entitled; and in case partition shall, at any time after the redemption of such land tax, be made of the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, between such coparceners, tenants in common, or joint tenants, then and in such case the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall upon such partition be allotted to the person or persons who shall so have redeemed his, her, or their proportion of the said land tax, shall, immediately upon such partition being completed, be and become exonerated and discharged from such land tax, and every, part thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any one or more of such person or persons, who shall be seised or entitled, in undivided shares or proportions, of or to any manors, messuages* lands, tenements, or hereditaments as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to redeem his, her, or their proportion or proportions of the land tax charged on such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, then and in such case it shall be lawful for any other or others of such person or persons to claim the like benefit of preference for the redemption of the proportion or proportions of the person or persons so neglecting or refusing to redeem, of and in such land tax, and to contract for the redemption thereof, and to do all acts necessary for carrying such contract into execution, as he, she, or they can claim or do for the redemption of his, her, or their own proportion of the said land tax, and to discharge the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, from his, her, or their just: proportion of the land tax so redeemed, and to have the refldue as an annuity, in the same manner as any person having a limited estate may do on his or her redeeming the land tax, in preference to persons in reversion, remainder, or expectancy.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for an body politick or corporate, or company aforesaid, or any other person or persons who is or are authorised by the said act of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or by this act, to sell any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, for the purpose of redeeming his, her, or their land tax, to put up to foie, from time to time.

tn whole were sold at once.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. 35

such part or parcel of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, conveyance, or hereditaments, as shall be necessary for the purpose of making good the respective instalments agreed to be transferred for re- be raised by deeming such land tax, as the same shall respectively become all such laics due, or any number of such instalments at once, as rtiaiI seem than if the most expedient: provided always, That in every conveyanc be made upon such Tales, there shall be specified the particular instalment or instalments for the payment of which such sale 'shall have been made, and the amount thereof: provided also,

That no more money shall be raised by all such sales together than would or might be raised under the provisions of the said act, or this act, if the whole had been sold at one time.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if hinds

the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, different*1 which shall be fp sold at various times, shall be situate in dif- counties, efferent counties, then and in such case the person, body, corpo- tificates of the ration, or company, who shall be desirous of making any such

lale, shall, in case any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or dn % d to the hereditaments, situate in any other county, shall have been fold of for the purpose of making good any prior instalment, produce in the county and shew to the commissioners for executing the said act, for the 'v!?^re^county or place wherein the manors, messuages, lands, tene- pjgg^e^made, ments, or hereditaments, so proposed to be sold, shall be situate, who may a certificate under the hands and Teals of the commissioners for take examina-such other county or counties of such former sale or sales, which certificate shall contain a statement and account of the manors, files.

messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which shall have been so Told, and also the amount of the purchase money for the same, and the particular instalments to be made good therewith, which certificate such last mentioned of are hereby authorised and required to give to the person, body, corporation, or company, applying for the same; and such first-mentioned of are hereby authorised and empowered to examine, upon oath or affirmation, in the manner mentioned in the said act, the person or persons who shall be desirous of making such Tale as last mentioned, touching any matters or things relating to any former sales, which such of may think necessary for their information, and to receive any affidavit or deposition in writing in the manner mentioned in the said act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any farm or lands The whole usually occupied together, shall be proposed to be sold under the ot a farm provisions of the said act;, in order to redeem the land tax be eligibly110 charged thereon, and also on other lands, tenements, or heredi- divided, but taments, which fTand settled and limited to the same uses, and in which is more the same order and course of limitation, and which farm or ^tlo^deem lands shall be more than sufficient for that purpose; and in case f"ndt/x

it shall appear to the satisfaction of the of, that such may be sold, farm or lands cannot be divided in order that an adequate part with the con-thereof may be sold without loss to the parties interested, and in len-t of the case the person or persons who shall be entitled to the first or entitled, 11 and

d 2 next 7

36

'he surplus shall be inverted in the funds for the benefit of all concerned.

f. 3*.

Lords of manors may enfranchise copyholds though not seised of legal estates in the manor; rents not to be sold but to redeem land tax to the same amount*.f. 41, 42.

Parirties may apply trust property applicable to charitable purposes in redeeming land tax on lands settled to charitable uses, and the lands may be charged with an annuity equal to the income of the property applied, f. 40.

f. 44-

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1798.

next beneficial estate in -remainder, reversion, or expectancy, being of full age, shall consent and agree to the sale of the whole farm and lands so proposed to be sold, on the terms and restrictions herein mentioned, it shall be lawful in such case for the of to direct and authorise the sale of the whole of such farm and lands, in the manner directed by the said aftt; and the surplus money, after purchasing stock sufficient to redeem such land tax, and paying and discharging the costs and expences attending the sale thereof, -shall be placed in the books of the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the accountant-general of the court of chancery, to the intend that the same may be laid out in the purchase of stock; which stock, and the dividends and annual produce thereof, shall be applied and disposed of in such manner as in the said act is directed with respect to the surplus of stock purchased with the money arising from Tales, where no more shall be sold than what shall have been eligible or necessary to be sold for the redemption of such land tax.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That any person beneficially entitled unto any manor may, in the manner directed, and with the approbation of the court of chancery, in the manner required by the said act*, enfranchise copyhold or customary estates belonging to the same, whether such person be seised of a legal estate in the same manor or not; provided that no sale shall be allowed of any rents under the said act, or this act, at any less price than will, in the judgement of the of, be sufficient to redeem land tax to the same amount.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any parish or place is or shall be under any act of parliament, or any deed or will, or under any decree of any court, or otherwise, entitled to receive, apply, and dispose of any trust property applicable to any charitable purposes, it shall and may be lawful for such parish or place, and the trustees in whom such trust property is or shall be veiled, to apply such trust property, or any part thereof, in the redemption of the land tax charged upon any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, settled to charitable uses, to the benefit of which any such parish or place is or may be entitled; and by indenture or indentures, under the hands and Teals of the parson, vicar, or curate, and of the churchwardens and overseers of such parish or place, or of the major part of them, enrolled in such manner as is by the said act directed with respect to indentures executed by trustees and other persons for the sale of lands for redeeming the land tax, to charge such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or a Sufficient part thereof, with the payment of an annuity or rent charge equal to the amount of the income of the trust property which shall have been applied in the redemption of such land tax: provided always, That no such trust property shall be so applied, or annuity charged, without the approbation of two such justices, certified in such manner and with such proof of notice as is by the said act directed, in case of the application

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. 37

plication of the poor rates or church rates for the redemption of the land tax.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Trustees for for the trustees for the time being of any trust property hereto- funder fore given by any will, for the purpose of being laid out in the any wills purchase of lands or impropriate tythes, for the benefit of the may lay out poor clergy in England, with such consent as is required by such trull property will, to layout from time to time any sum or sums of money, ^mm ion of which by virtue of such will now is, or are, or hereafter shall be, jand tax on applicable for the purpose aforesaid, in, for, or towards the pur- livings, chafe of so much of three pounds per centum bank annuities before-mentioned as may be necessary, (or to apply any portion, of such three pounds per centum bank annuities as they may be possessed of under their trust-, and as may be necessary for the purpose), for the redemption or purchase of the land tax charged, or hereafter to be charged, in pursuance of the said act of the last session of parliament herein-before referred to, upon the c. 5. lands, tythes, or other profits arising from such living or livings belonging to the church of England, as the said trustees for the time being, with such consent as aforesaid, fthall think fit, the redemption of which land tax shall have been contrabled for on or before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine now next ensuing; by the incumbent or incumbents of such living or livings, with the consent of the said trustees, and of such other persons whose consent is required by such will, or the purchase whereof shall afterwards be con-trabled for at any sale by contract or publick aubfion, or otherwise, under the regulations of the said act, by such incumbent or incumbents with the like consents, and from time to time to transfer to the commissioners for reduction of the national debt, such three pounds per centum bank annuities, according to such respective contracts; and such transfers of stock shall, from the quarter day preceding the making thereof, wholly exonerate and aifeharge the lands, tythes, or other profits of such living- or livings, from the payment of the land tax so redeemed or purchased; and every such redemption or purchase of land tax by n virtue of this act, for the benefit of such living or livings, shall be deemed valid and effectual in the law, and equivalent, to all intents, constructions, and purposes, to a purchase or purchases of lands or tythes for that purpose, under the trusts of such will; No glebe any statutes of mortmain, or other statute or law to the contrary^ lands ibid by notwithstanding.cum-

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no glebe lands Deeming the

which shall be sold in pursuance of the said aeft, by the incum- land tax, bent of any living for the purpose of redeeming the land tax shall be freed 'charged thereon, shall be sold, freed or discharged from the ^h'es^unle's tythes, unless the ordinary of such living shall certify his con- the ordinary sent that the same shall be discharged from tythes at the time shall certify of certifying his consent to the sale of such glebe lands. his eonfem.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Corporations

fqr all bodies politick or corporate, and companies, and all truf- or trustees

r r may tell lands

3 iees otwuhilau<h.

3

ing any bye laws, St c l against alienations.

Lands may be sold for redemption of land tax, either by pri-

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1798.

tees for charitable purposes, being in respect of their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under the governance, guidance, or controul, of any private statutes, bye laws, ordinances, or regulations, retraining the alienations of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to sell or mortgage, or grant any rent charge out of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the purpose of redeeming the land tax thereon, or on any other manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, belonging to such bodies politick or corporate, or companies and trustees as aforesaid, in the manner authorised by the said act and this act, notwithstanding any such private statutes, bye laws, ordinances, or regulations, to the contrary.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in cases where any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, may be sold in pursuance of the said act or of this act, for the purpose of redeeming any land tax, it shall be lawful to sell the

au^ion^The^ame> e^er by private contract or by publick auction, provided, of that in ca^"e of by private contract, the said of being in the for executing the said act shall be satisfied that the price agreed to be given for the same is not less than the actual value thereof, according to any estimate made or directed to be made by them, and verified upon oath, which any one of the of is hereby empowered to administer; provided also, That when they shall judge it necessary to direct any such sale to be by publick auction in pursuance of the said act, it shall not be necessary to require any such estimate as by the said act is required in cases of sale.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be proposed to be sold or charged in pursuance of the said act and of this act, it shall be lawful to raise so much money by such sale or charge as shall be sufficient not only for the purpose of redeeming any land tax for which such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or

former case satisfied that the price is adeq cate, according to an estimate on oath.

Sufficient may be raised by sale of lands to pay the expences of the sale, as well as of

theredUn^ hereditaments, shall be sold, but also for the purpose of paying tio^mo^nev' an^ Satisfying all stich costs and expences as the person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, making any such sale or charge shall incur on account thereof; and it shall be lawful for the said of for executing the said act and this act, and also for any courts, where the authority of such courts is made requisite to such sale or charge, to order and diredf that such costs and expences shall be paid and satisfied out of the purchase money for the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, before the same shall be paid by the respective purchasers into the bank of England, pursuant to the directions of the said act, or that so much thereof as they shall deem sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose; and the said grder or direction of the said of, or of such courts respectively shall be a sufficient discharge to such purchasers for so much of the purchase money as shall be applied in the payment of such costs and expences, or ?.$ shall be raised for that purpose.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. 39

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Lands ex-manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be tl^and^taJT exempt from or not atdually charged with the payment of any may fol(1 land tax by virtue of the said last recited a d, it shall be lawful for redemp-to sell or charge the same for the purpose of redeeming the land tion of the tax charged upon any other manors, messuages, lands, tenements,

or hereditaments, settled or limited to the same uses and purposes to the same for which such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or heredi^ uses. ments, so exempt or not actually charged as aforesaid, shall be settled or limited, as effectually as if the same manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments were, and every part thereof was, charged with such land tax.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any per-when any fan or persons, bodies politick or corporate, holding any manors, beneficial messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under any bene- leaseholders' ficial lease or leases, or by any copy or copies of court roll, orers not- by any other grant, according to the custom of any manor, for have contract-life or lives, or years absolute, or years determinable upon any ed for re-life or lives, granted by any person or persons, body politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporation aggregate or foie, or by any tax previ0U3 guild, myffery, fraternity, or brotherhood, whether corporate or to Dec. 25, not corporate, or by any trustee or trustees for charities or other 1798* the publick purposes, shall not have contracted for the redemption

of the land tax charged thereon before the twenty-fifth day of ^bjecTto the

December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, then interest of

and in any of the said cases it shall be lawful for all such last- such lease-

mentioned person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, companies and trustees, in the manner and form, and under the ^on^of^ie*

restrictions and regulations in the said act, and this act, directed iam} tax Qa

and contained in cases of sales thereby and hereby respectively that or other

authorised, to sell and dispose of the fee simple and inheritance estates limited

of any of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or heredi- e ame

taments, and also the rents and other profits received or payable upon or in respect of such leasehold or copyhold tenements or hereditaments, subject to the subsisting interests of such respective lessees, copyholders, or other customary tenants, for the purpose of raising money for the redemption of the land tax

charged thereon j and also on any other manors, messuages,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and whether in the same or different counties, the reversion, fee simple, and inheritance whereof shall be settled and limited to the same uses, and in the same order and course of limitation. The said

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That estates to be*no manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, offered for holden under such leases, or by copy of court roll, as aforesaid, tw months shall be sold, or offered for sale, to any person or persons whom- ficianeafe* soever, other than to the person or persons for the time being holders, &c. beneficially interested therein under the subsisting lease or leases, who shall also or copy or copies of court roll thereof, until two months have afterwards be elapsed after an offer shall have been made to sell the same to the her*0 person or persons so beneficially interested, during which period person at the

P 4 of lame price.

4^ Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1798.

of two months such person or persons, by themselves or agents, shall be exclusively entitled^to contract for the purchase thereof, and shall afterwards be preferred in the purchase to any other person or persons whomsoever, at the price or sum which any Joint tenants, such other person or persons would give; and that any one joint &c4may ciori' tenant, or tenants in common, beneficially entitled as aforesaid, wholer the maY contra& for ^le whole, with the like preference, on the refusal of the other joint tenant, or tenants in common, to contract for their respective shares.

Such purchase

XL. And be it further enacted, That the respective sums of ^pheVand money to ar^e by virtue of any such last mentioned saie or Tales, ijch estates to O'iall be paid, applied, and disposed of, and the respective manors, be exonerated, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, the land tax

as in case of other sales.

\Mhere land

tax charged on lands held under such beneficial

payable half-yearly, and recoverable as rent.

whereof shall have been reduced therewith, or with the dock purchased thereby, shall be exonerated and aifeharged from such land tax, in the same manner, in all respects, as is directed in cases of other sales by the said act and this adTrespectively authorised.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the land tax charged upon such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, tythes, or hereditaments as aforesaid, holden under any such beneficial lease or leases as aforesaid, or by copy of court roll, shall leases shall be be redeemed by the monies arising by any such sale or sales as sale^uch of last-mentlone(L then and in any such case, such of the same manors, thelandsasare messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as shall not have not fold shall been fold, shall, immediately after such land tax dial 1 be redeem-be chargeable e(j7 be and become charged and chargeable with a yearly sum or amount^of the ^Ur: ns respectively, by way of rent charge, equal to the amount of land tax, as a the land tax so redeemed; which rent charge or rent charges rerent charge, spectively shall, from time to time, be paid and payable half yearly, videlicet, at Lady-Day and Michaelmas in every year, by equal portions, free of all taxes and deductions whatsoever, to such person or persons, bodies, corporations, companies, and trustees, and to their heirs, successors, and assigns, and shall be applicable in their hands to such and the same uses and purposes as the re^ served yearly rents and profits of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall, from to time, be applicable to; and the first payment of such rent charges respectively, shall be made on such of those days as the land tax redeemed would become payable; and also that such person or persons, bodies, corporations, companies, " and trustees, as aforesaid, and their reflective heirs, successors, and assigns, shall have, and be entitled to life and take the same powers, remedies, benefits, and advantages, for the recovery of such rent charges respectively, as landlords by law have or are entitled to use and take for the recovery of rents in arrear.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all, person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, being beneficially entitled to any copyhold or customary messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by surrender, or by such other ways and means as shall be authorised by the respective customs of the manors whereof the same shall beholden, and with the consent of the said

Copyholds may be barren krech Sec for the pur-pofeo; redern lion of land tax, and the produce ap-

fa id of for the purposes of this a cl, to be certified in plied as in the writing under their respective hands and Teals, or any two of them, ^d e to.fell, mortgage, or charge any such copyhold or customaryestates. rive fiu ages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the purpose of redeeming the land tax charged thereon, or on any other copyhold hereditaments settled to the same uses, and the monies to arise and be produced by such falc, mortgage, or charge, shall be applied in the same manner in-all respects as in the said act is clireded with respect to monies arising from the sale of freehold estates.T

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such sale No such sale. or charge of any copyhold estates by surrender or otherwise, stal] to be v^a-be valid, unless the certificate of the consent of the said commis- consent^f the boners for the purposes of this act thereto shall be entered upon commissioners the court rolls of the manor of which such copyhold or customary under this act estates shall be holden. ".is entered on

XLIVh And be it further enacted, That it shall and may b e^U*

lawful for any company or companies of proprietors of canals or niesf&c0*ay-other navigations, or other works of publick utility, established redeem their or fandioned by the authority of parliament, to raise such sum or land tax by sums of money as shall be necessary for the redemption of thecaJls on the land tax charged on such canals or navigations, or other such ^mortgigeo1" such works of publick utility, or on any messuages, lands, or any othA'tenements, or hereditaments, belonging thereto, or any tolls means, of raif-arising the reout, either by calls upon the respective proprictorSS^d^y au-or by mortgage, or by all and every or any of the ways and respective-fts* means whereby they were, are, or shall be authorised or em- jUch propri-powered by any act or acts now in being, or that shall hereafter ctors to "be be passed, to raise money for any of the purposes in such acts re"en^-jecl to ^ie spectively mentioned or to be mentioned; and also for the respectTb1^ tive proprietor or proprietors to redeem his, her, or their share or under this act. proportion in the same, or the Chares or proportions of other proprietors in like manner as joint tenants are hereby authorised to redeem the land tax charged on other hereditaments.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That where the monies to be Where the raised by the sale or charge of any manors, messuages, lands, te-, toAe nements, or hereditaments, for the purpose of redeeming any for the re-

tax, shall not exceed the sum of one thousand pounds, then and in^ption of every such case the indenture or indentures, whereby such sale or the land tax charge shall be made, in which a greater consideration shall not ^al1 notex-be expressed, and the inrolments thereof, shall not be liable to stamp duty whatever; and also that no transfer of any stock in inrolments,the funds, which shall be made by virtue and in pursuance of the transfers of said act, for the redemption and sale-of the land tax, to and in the letters name of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, nor any letter of attorney authorising any person or persons to to be free from transfer any such stock in the funds to the commissioners for theltamp duties, reduction of the national debt, nor any affidavit to be made in pursuance of the said act, shall be liable to any stamp duty whatever; and all affidavits made in pursuance thereof, before the passing of this act, shall be as valid and effectual, to all intents

Time for registering contracts enlarged.

left. 75.

Reghlry of deeds where

42 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. [1798.

and purposes whatsoever, although the same shall not be {lamped, as if the same had been made after the passing of this ail; and the said of for the purposes of this ail shall be, and they are hereby indemnified against all persons whomsoever, for having received, before the passing of this act, any affidavit or affidavits which shall have been made in pursuance of the said aft-mentioned act, and which shall not have been stamped.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to register any contract for the redemption or purchase of any land tax notwithstanding more than four months shall have elapsed from the day of the date thereof, provided that such contract be registered, in manner directed in the said ail, before the transfer of the second inflalment of such stock to be made thereon, or within three calendar months from the time of making the transfer, of stock thereon, in case the whole consideration shall be transferred at one time; and ail contrails whereby the consideration shall be agreed to be paid in money, may be registered in like manner at any time within three calendar months from the time of payment of such consideration.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the regiflry of any the con lid era- deeds required to be inrolled or registered by the said ail, where is under acol. the consideration expressed therein respectively shall not exceed two hundred pounds, by the proper officer appointed for registering contrails under the said ail, shall be as valid and effectual as if the same were enrolled or registered in the manner directed by the said ail; and such officer is hereby required to register the same gratis.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the provisions of this ail shall, in the execution of the said first recited tobeconilrued ail of the thirty-eighth year aforesaid, be used and applied, and together as construed, in like manner, as if the same provisions were specially enacted in the said act; and all and every the provisions of the said ail shall, in the execution of this ail, except where the same are thereby expressly varied, be used and applied, extended and construed, in like manner as if the same provisions (except as aforesaid) were specially enacted in this ail.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the acceptance of the office of a commissioner for the redemption or sale of land said ail, not be tax under the said ail, by reason of any allowance for executing deemed aplace the same, shall not be deemed, taken, or conllrued to be a place hLP Majestyder or emplyment P1*0^ under his Majesty, notwithstanding the appointment shall be by warrant under the royal sign manual, but that the same shall be deemed, taken, and conllrued to be a place or employment under the authority of the said ail, to all intents and purposes, and shall not impeach any claim or title which such of may have to any other allowance whatever under his Majesty.

Act may be L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this ail altered or re- may altered, varied, or repealed, by any ail or acts to be made fiffion.1 1S Pre^ent session of parliament*

The ail of 38 Geo. 3. c. 60. and this nil,

one ail.

Office of commissioner to execute the

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. 43

SCHEDULE to which the ACT refers.

FORM of the CERTIFICATE of the Contrail when the Consideration is to he paid in Money.

KNOW all men, That we A.B. and C.D. two of the of appointed for the purposes of an act [Here insert the title of the ail of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty ], for the [county, ridings &c.] do hereby certify that we have con- c. trafted and agreed with A.B. for the redemption by him [or her, as the case may require'] of land tax, being the

land tax [or parcel of the land tax, as the case may require] charged upon the [describe the lands, sfc.] The consideration for the redemption is declared to be so much of lawful money of Great Britain, to be paid to the receiver general, or his deputy, or collector, [as the case may require,] for the said [.county, riding, shire, &c.] ot as according to the current price

of stock transmitted to such [receiver general, or his deputy, or collectorf\ on the day of [or if by infalments, name

the particular days and proportions,] will be sufficient ro purchase capital stock, in the three pounds per centum consolidated bank annuities, such price to be estimated according to the current price of (lock transferred in the week preceding the day of making the contract: [ory the day of payment; as the case may require:  $r, if to be paid by infalments, the days of payment in respect of each inflalment, with interest, to be paid at the time of the second and each subsequent instalment to the said receiver general or his deputy, equal to the amount of the land tax redeemed, deducting therefrom a sum bearing the same proportion to such land tax as the amount of stock to be purchased with the money paid before the time of each payment bears to the whole amount of stock to be purchased with the money agreed to be paid on such contract.J

CAP. VII.

An act for raising the sum of three millions by way of annuities.

[December 22, 1798.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have re- solved that the sum of three millions be raised by annuities, in manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most: humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

44

Even^ contributor ot iool; to be entitled to a principal of xool. in the 3 per cent, confols; and a principal of/i- 9s. 6d. in the 3 per cent, reduced.

Contributors who have made deposits to pay the remainder of fufc-scriptions by instalments.

Guardians may subscribe for infants.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. [1798.

same* 'That every contributor towards raising the said sum of three millions shall for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal sum of one hundred pounds, in consolidated annuities, after tire rate-of three pounds per centum per annum; and also to a further principal sum of eighty-seven pounds nine shillings and sixpence in reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; the said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and the said reduced annuities, after- the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from: the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and that the said consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, and the said reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum respectively, in respect of each one-hundred pounds so to be contributed as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and rrlade payable out of, the consolidated fund, and shall be payable and transferable at the bank of England; and the said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, shall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per Centura, filial 1 be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year.

II. And whereas, pursuant to and upon the terms and conditions expressed in the said restation, several persons have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purposes subscribed together the whole of the said sum of three millions to be raised by annuities; and made deposits of ten poundst per centum on the respe clive sums by them fa subscribed to the said sum of three millions, to be raised by annuities, with the cafloiers of the governor and company of the bank ^England; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such contributors, who have made such deposits with the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England,

' (which cashier or cashiers is and are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of such contributions, without any other warrant to be had in that behalf), to advance and pay unto the said cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, the several remainders of the sums by them respectively' subscribed towards the said sum of three millions, at or before the respective days and times, and in the proportions herein after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to say). The further sum of thirty pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-second day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; the further sum of thirty pounds per centum, on or before the eighth day of February then next following; and the remaining sum of thirty pounds per centum, on or before the twenty* second day of February then next following.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for any guardian or trustee, having the disposition of the money

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 7 45

of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards advancing the said sum of three millions, to be raised by annuities in manner aforesaid; and such infant, upon the payment of such sum or sums subscribed by such guardian or trustee, shall become a contributor within the meaning of this act, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments, in respect thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor; the said guardian and trustee, as to the said sum or sums so advanced, is hereby discharged, so as the name of such infant be expressed in the receipt or receipts for such money.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several subscribers

or contributors, their executors, adminstrators, successors, and certain armui-assigns, in respetft of the said sum of three millions, shall be en- ties, which titled to an annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, for shall be paid every one hundred pounds by him, her, or them respectively ad- ^f, ^-3iot?ti vanced and paid, to commence from the fifth day of January one subscr]-ptions thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until redemption by are complet-parliament in manner herein after mentioned; and shall also be ed. entitled in respect of every such one hundred pounds so advanced and paid, to a further annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, in respect of the additional principal sum of eighty-seven pounds nine shillings and sixpence, from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, until redemption by parliament in manner herein after mentioned; which said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum respectively, shall be payable and paid, half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to say).

The said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds centum, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January, in every year; and the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October, in every year; the first payment upon the said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to be due on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and on the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; but shall not be payable until the respective subscribers or contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall have completed the whole of the sums by them subscribed for the purchase of the said annuities.

[As soon as

V. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or afilgns,

shall have completed their payments of such part of the whole they maybe*sum payable by them respectively towards the said sum of three transferred... millions, as shall be payable in respectl of the said consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, to which they shall become entitled in respect of such subscriptions, the principal sum or sums in the said consolidated annuities shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such respective contributors* their executors, administrators,

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. [1798.

successors, and assigns, completing such payments; and as soon as such contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall have completed the payments of such part of the whole sum payable by them respectively towards the said sum of three millions, as shall be payable in respect of the said reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, the principal sum or sums in the said reduced annuities shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such respective contributors, their respective successors, executors, administrators, and assigns, completing such payments; and the persons to whose credit such principal sums shall be so placed, their respective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in the books of the bank of England', and the said governor and company of the bank of England are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this act, to prepare proper books for the purpose of entering the names of all such contributors, and of placing to their credit the principal sums To paid by them respectively; and that such of the said contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, who shall complete the payments of such parts of the whole sum payable by them respectively, towards the said sum of three millions, as shall be payable in respect of any or either of the said annuities, at any time before the governor and company of the bank of England shall have prepared their receipts according to the directions of this act, shall be entitled to have the sums so paid forthwith placed to their credit in the books of the bank of England; and the said governor and company are hereby required to cause such sums to be forthwith placed to the credit of the persons entitled to the annuities in respect thereof, in the books of the said bank of England; and such entries in the said books shall be in lieu of the receipts hereby directed to be given for all sums paid in manner aforesaid; and such sums shall carry the consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the said reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, respectively, redeemable by parliament; and shall respectively be taken and deemed to be stock transferrable according to the true intent and meaning of this act, until redemption thereof, in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

Annuities payable and

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the annuities aforesaid shall be payable and paid, and be transferrable, at the bank at ThVbank6 England; and shall be subject to such redemption as is herein after mentioned.

VII. And, for the more easy and sure payment of all the annuities, Bank to ap- established by this act^ be it further enacted, That the said governor point a cashier and company of the bank of England, and their successors, shall anf eenera?^rom ^me to ^me? until all the said annuities shall be redeemed, and thetrea- appoint and employ one or more sufficient person or persons, fury to order within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or first

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. 47

cashier or cashiers, and one other sufficient person, within the.^pneytobe same office, to be their accountant general; and that so much 01^; ^" the monies by this act appropriated for the purpose, as shall he payment of sufficient from time to time to answer the said annuities, and the annuities, other payments, herein directed to be made out of the said monies, shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this act appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the said first or chief cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, for the time being, by way of imprest and upon account, for the payment of the said respective annuities payable by virtue of this act; and that such cashier or cashiers, to whom the said money shall from time to time be issued, shall from time to time, without delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due course of the exchequer; and that the said accountant general for the time being shall from time to time inspect and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the cashier or cashiers Cashier to gave

of the governor and company of the bank of England, who shall tr

have received, or shall receive, any part, of the said contributions which maybe towards the said sum of three millions, shall give a receipt or re- assigned before ceipts in writing to every such contributor for all such sums; and Feb. 7, 1799. that the receipts to be given shall be assignable, by indorsement thereupon made, at any time before the seventh day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer: provided always, That such cashier or cashiers shall give security Cashier to to the good liking of any three or more of the commissioners of give security the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, for duly money answering and paying into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, cejves into the for the publick use, all the monies which they have already receiv- exchequer, ed, and shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the said sum of three millions, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in them reposed, and shall from time to time pay all such monies as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the farthest, into and shall acccount for the same in the exchequer according to the due course thereof, denuding the reout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this act, for which sums so paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

IX. And be it enacted, That in the office of the accountant A book to be general of the governor and company of the bank of England for keP* In the ac-the time being, a book or books shall be provided and kept, in neralNs office which the names of the contributors shall be fairly entered; for entering '

which book or books the said respective contributors} their respect contributors

names, a duplicate where-

4s

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. [1798.

administrators, successors, and alligns, shall and

auditor of the exchequer.

Contributors duly paying their (ubfcrip- ! tions, entitled to annuities tax free.

of to be trans tive executors,

nutted to the may from time to time, and at all seasonable times, tefort to and inspect without any fee or charge; and that the said accountant-general shall, on or before the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or books into t(ae office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain for ever.

X. And be further enacted, That such contributors, duly paying the whole sum so subscribed at or before the respective times in tins act limited in that behalf, and their respective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this act to have, receive, and enjoy, the said several annuities, by this act granted in respect of the sum so subscribed, out of the monies granted and appropriated in this session of parliament for payment thereof, and shall have good and fare imerefts and estates therein, according to the several provisions in this act contained, in respect of the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pound? per centum per annum respectively, payable and transferable at the bank of England; and that the said annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever.

XI. Provided always, That in case any such contributors who have already deposited with or shall hereafter pay to the said cashier or cashiers any sum or Turns of money at the time and in the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the sum or sums so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall not advance and pay to the said cashier or cashiers, the residue of the sum or sums so subscribed at the times and in the manner before-mentioned, then and in every such case so much offithe respective sum or sums so subscribed, as shall have been actually paid in part thereof to the said cashier or cashiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the said annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum respectively, in respect thereof, shall be extinguished; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all persons who shall be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in respect of the said sum of three millions, and all persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be poHelled thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise; any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the

Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, to be forfeited.

Annuities to be deemed personal ellate.

Treasury may apply the money paid into the exchequer.

high treasurer for the time being, to issue and apply from time to time all such sums o? money as shall re so paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the said cashier or cashiers, to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this present session of parliament.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. 49

XIV. And be it further enacted, That hooks shall be con- Accountant-Hantly kept by the said accountant-general for the time being,

wherein all alignments or transfers of all sums advanced or con- for entering

tributed towards the said sum of three millions, shall be entered transfer

and registered; which entry shall be conceived in proper words

for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such

alignments or transfers, or if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised, in

writing under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other

method of aligning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available

in law: provided always, That all persons polleHed of any share Stock maybe

or interest in either of the said Hocks of annuities, or any estate devised.

or interest therein, may devise the same by will, in writing,

attested by two or more credible witneies; but that no payment

shall be made upon any such devise, until so much of the said

will as relates to such share, estate, or interest, in the said Hocks

of annuities be entered in the said office; and that in default

of such transfer or devise, such share, estate, or interest, in the said stocks of annuities, shall go to the executors, administrators, successors, and assigns; and that no stamp duties whatsoever Transfers not

shall be charged on any of the said transfers; any law or statute toftamP

to the contrary notwithstanding. unes.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, out Treasury may of the monies arising from the contributions towards raising the dentalex^ said sum of three millions by annuities, any three or more of penCes out of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the contribu-time being, shall have power to discharge all such incident tions, and charges as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, in ^ITe^afhfer such manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and also and account> to settle and appoint such allowances as shall be thought proper ant-general, for the service, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or cashiers,

for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said contributions; and also shall have power to make, out of the consolidated fund, such further allowances as shall be judged reasonable, for the service, pains, and labour of the said cashier or cashiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this act; and also for the service, pains, and labour of the said accountant-general, for. performing the trull reposed in him by this act; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the service, pains, and labour/, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their dif-

P0^;, The 3l. per

XVI. And be it further enacted, I hat all the monies to cent, confols.

which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of under this act this act, in respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards to be added to the said sum of three millions, on which the said consolidated

annuities, Cofo0ls.

E

5

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. [1798.

annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum^ shall be attending, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities transferrable at the bank of England\ into which the several sums carrying an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annu?ny were, by several acts made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-second, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent' acts, consolidated, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the said act made in the twenty-fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign, is directed in respect of the several and respective annuities redeemable by virtue of the said act; and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities at the rates aforesaid.

The 3l. per

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to to^e added^ 2n}7 person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of

to the joint ail, in respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards

flock of 3l. the said sum of three millions on which the said reduced annuities, per cent, re- after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumr shall be duced. attending, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities transferrable at the bank of England., which, by an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, were reduced from four pounds per centum per annum to three pounds per centum per annumy and shall be deemed part of the said joint Hock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the several acts by which the said annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were respectively granted, are directed in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof, and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the said joint Annuities stock of annuities at the rate aforesaid; and so much money shall

thKadl b ^rom ^me to ^me continue to ^et aPart and issued at the repaid ^out of C ceipt th& exchequer, to the said cashier or cashiers of the the consoli- bank of England\ out of the consolidated fund, as shall be fuf-dated fund. ficient to satisfy and pay the said annuities after the respective rates of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum.> together with the charges attending the same; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Persons coun-

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or kinfJK: persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be tri^utions^&c". forgec* or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the guilty of*forging or counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for the whole

felony. of, Qr any part or parts of, the said contributions towards the

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 7. 51

said Turn of three millions, either with or without the name or names of any person or persons being inserted therein, as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or shall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publish, as true, any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, every such person or persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Bank to con-said governor and company of the bank of England, and their portion till successors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their the annuities own funds, in pursuance of the acts for establishing the same, hereby grant-or any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of ed cease. this act, until all the annuities by this act granted shall be redeemed by parliament, or shall cease as aforesaid; 2nd that the said governor 2nd company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or gra- No fee to be tuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his ceivin^co^- Majesty's subjects, for receiving or paying the said subscription tributfons, or or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt con- paying or cerning the same, or for paying the said annuities, or any of transferring them, or for any transfer of any sum, great or (mail, to made

in pursuance of this act, upon pain that any officer or person F y

offending, by taking or demanding any such fee, reward, or

gratuity, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty

pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any

of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no

essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction or order

of restraint, or any more than one imparlance shall be granted

or allowed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Persons sued Tons shall be sued, moleded, or prosecuted, for any thing done irj^tfiue^by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defend- -ants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded Treble costs. to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

5*

[Preamble.]

38 Geo. 3. C. 53, recited.

Time allowed by recited act for making entries, and obtaining certificates, extended to Feb. 15, 1799.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 8, 9. [1798.

CAP. VIII.

An act for extending the time allowed for taking out certificates for using or wearing armorial bearings or ensigns, until the fifteenth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[January 4, 1799.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a duty on certificates issued with respect to armorial bearings or ensigns, it was enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty or within the space of two calendar months next ensuing, every person liable to any of the duties by the said act imposed should make entry of his or her name and place of abode in the manner, and for the purpofiy in the said act mentioned, under the penalty in the [said act contained, in order to obtain a certificate thereof duly stampedy as by the said act is directed: and whereas many persons, using or wearing armorial bearings or enfignsy through ignorancey absencey or same unavoidable accidenty have omitted or neglected to make such entriesy and obtain such certificates as aforesaid, within the time I'united by the said act, whereby they are Or may become liable to the penalty contained therein; for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the time allowed by the said recited act for making such entries, and obtaining such certificates, shall be, and is hereby extended until and upon the fifteenth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and that every person liable to any of the duties by the said recited act imposed, who, on the twenty-fourth day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall have neglected or omitted to make such entry, and obtain such certificate, and who, before the fifteenth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall make such entry, and obtain such certificate as by the said recited act is required, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties and forfeitures incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of such omission or neglect; and every such entry so to be made shall be of the like force and effiedt as if the same had been made within the time limited by the said recited act.

CAP. IX.

An act to continuey until the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine y an act, made in the last session of parliament, chapter seveny on the fiecond day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seveny intituled An act to continue.

53

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 9.

tinue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, two several acts, passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, the one chapter thirty-two, on the tenth clay of March, and the other, chapter sixty-one, on the twenty-fifth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for suspending for a limited time, the operation of certain acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negp-ciation of promissory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England, and also to amend the said act, and further to continue the same, so amended, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.  r[ January 4, 1799.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the thirty-seventh year of

[Preamble.]

ihe reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to fuf- 37 Geo. 3. pend for a limited time, the operations of two adds of the fif- c. 3 % an teenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for reftfaining the negociation of promissory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England: and whereas another act was passed in We same session of parliament, intituled An act to revive, amend, and 37 Geo. 3. C. continue, for a limited time, an add passed in the present session 6l> recltecli of parliament, intituled, cAn act to suspend, for a limited time, the operation of two acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negociation of promissory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum within that part of Great Britain called England and whereas the said first receited act-> as revived, amended, and continued, by the said second recited act, has, by two other acts % one passed in the same session of parliament, and the other in the laf session of parliament, being further continued until the expiration of six weeks after the cominencement of this present session and whereas it is expedient that the said two first recited acts should be further continued and amended; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said first herein- and further before recited act, as revived, amended, and continued, by the ^a^ch^ to said second herein-before recited act, and also the said second T7^C. but'af-herein-before recited act, shall have further continuance, and be ter Feb. t, in force, from the expiration of the present term thereof, until 1799? shall, the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety- onlyextend to

j*j f'P'rrain note*

nine; and that, from and after the said first day of February one payable on thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the said redited acts demand to shall have further continuance and be in force, until the twenty- the bearer, fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, but shall only extend to and have effect upon promissory notes or draughts, or undertakings in writing, payable on demand to the beater thereof for any sum of money less than the sum of five

e 3 pounds5

54 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. io  12. [1798.

pounds, and not less than the sum of twenty shillings in the v whole; any thing in the said acts, or any other law or statute, to

Act may be the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that this altered or re- act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be Session in this present session of parliament,

CAP. X.

An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred anc^ ninety-nine, and amend an act passed in the thirty -eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter two, videlicet. On the thirtieth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled An act to continue, until the expiration of thirty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act passed in the session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter one hundred and thirty -seven, videlicet, On the twentieth of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled, 'An act to continue an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, "An act to revive and continue, for a limited time, and amend an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled, "An act to allow the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britaimcalled Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all persons who have issued notes for small sums of money in that part of the united kingdom, " for a limited time.'

[January 4, 1799.]

From the fifteenth of January 1799, no notes under five shillings to be issued.

CAP. XI.

An act for allowing further time for the payment of instalments to become due on certain sums advanced by way of loan, to certain persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and St. Vincents.

[January 4, 1799.]

CAP. XII.

An act to contiue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, An act passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter fifteen, videlicet, On the sixteenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also an act passed in the same year, chapter eighty, videlicet, On the twenty-second day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also another act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-six, videlicet, On the fourteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, relating to the ad-miftion of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and the iffiiing of orders in council for that purpose; and to continue, for the same period, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter twenty-one, videlicet, On the twenty-eighth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, authorising his Majesty to make regulations respecting the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

[January 4, 1799.]

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 55

CAP. XIII.

An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act, made in the last of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties.

[January 9, 1799.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble, commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise an ample contribution for the prosecution of the war.; and taking notice that the provisions made for that purpose, by an act of the last session of parliament, intituled,

An act for granting to his Majesty an aid and contribution for the c. 1, rect e prosecution of the war, have in sundry instances been greatly evacted, and that many persons are not assessed under the said act in a just proportion to their means of contributing to the publick service; have cheerfully and voluntarily given and granted, and do by this act give and grant, unto your Majesty, the several and respective rates and duties herein after mentioned: and we do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said recited act as So much charges any person with an additional duty in proportion to the thereof as im-amount of the rates or duties to which such person was or final duties should be assessed according to any assessment or assessments made or appoints*in pursuance of any act or acts in force at the time of pa(T- comissioning the said recited act, or as authorises or appoints commifi ^rs> repealed; sioners for executing the same, or for hearing and determining Tr^. appeals, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed from and after except in cer-the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety- tain particu-nine; save and except in cases herein after mentioned, and in lars all cases relating to the recovering, collecting, paying, or ac- L >9J counting for any arrears of the rates or assessments charged by virtue of the said act, which may become payable on or before the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and may after that time remain unpaid; or to the recovering any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been then incurred under and by virtue of the said act.

II. And be it further enacted, That instead of the rates and The following assessments by the said act imposed and hereby repealed as afore- blTim said, and during the term herein after mentioned, there shall be p0fed on all raised, levied, collected, and paid annually, unto and for the use income, from of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, throughout the kingdom property in of Great Britain, upon all income arising from property in Great ^elontehlgttoI1, Britain belonging to any of his Majesty's subjects, although not subjects*E 4 resident though not

56

residing the re; and upon all income of all

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

resident in Great Britain, and upon all income of every person residing in Great Britain, znd of every body politick or corporate* or company, fraternity, or society of persons (whether corporate

and all ^or* or n0t corPorate) 'n Great Britain, whether any such income as" 7 aforesaid shall arise from lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

d HOO U flf 41 n

in wheresoever the same shall be situate in Great Britain or elsewhere, or from any kind of personal property, or other property whatever, or from any profession, office, stipend, pension, employment, trade, or vocation, the several rates and duties following; that is to say, One one-hundred-and^twentieth part of the income or from personal of every such person, body politick or corporate, company, property; or fraternity, or society estimated according to this act, if the same from any pro- shall amount unto sixty pounds per annum^ and shall be under session, office, sixty-five pounds per annum; one ninety-fifth part of such

v* fr ^C# income, if the same shall amount to sixty-five pounds, but shall

r*Z] 1 th ^nder seventy pounds; one seventieth part of such income, if

partoffucli2^ the same shall amount to seventy pounds, but shall be under

income. seventy-five pounds; one sixty-fifth part of such income, if the

6 1 and 1*ame amount to seventy-five pounds, but shall be under

under 70I f e^ghty pounds; one sixtieth part of such income, if the same shall

i, _jl amount to eighty pounds, but shall be under eighty^five pounds;

I^? nn O n ct-xf CAk ff rtf Airtk lnrtrtnno if fko fomn /kill nmninil-rt

Great Britain, whether arising from lands in Great Britain, or elsewhere;

2Si

951

- 8ol.* - one fifty-fifth part of such income, if the same shall amount to

___85l.; - eighty-five pounds, but shall be under ninety pounds; one fiftieth

- 90l.; - part of such income, if the same shall amount to ninety pounds,

- 951.; - T\> but shall be under ninety-five pounds; one forty-fifth part of such  1001.5 iT income, if the same shall amount to ninety-five pounds, but shall

100l.-105l. be under one hundred pounds; one fortieth part of such income, if the same shall amount to one hundred pounds, but shall be j05l-noh; under one hundred and five pounds; one thirty-eighth part of such income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and five pounds, but shall be under one hundred and ten pounds; one 110l.-115l.; 3V thirty-sixth part of such income, if the same shall amount to, T one hundred and ten pounds, but shall be under one hundred and 1151.-120 ., fifteen pounds; one thirty-fourth part of such income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and fifteen pounds, but shall

JZ0l.-125l.;

3a be under one hundred and twenty pounds; one thirty-second part of such income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and twenty pounds, but shall be under one hundred and twenty-125l.-130l. 5 five pounds; one thirtieth part of such income, if the lame shall amount to one hundred and twenty-five pounds, but shall be

1301.-1351.

under one hundred and thirty pounds; one twenty-eighth part of such income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and thirty pounds, but shall be under one hundred and thirty-five pounds; i3Sl-'4ol*one twenty-sixth part of such income, if the same shall amount t.l. to one hundred and thirty-five pounds, but shall be under one 140 .-145 > 2.4 hundred and forty pounds; one twenty-fourth part of such income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and forty pounds, but 145I ..1501.; be unc^er one hundred and forty-five pounds: one twenty-

second part of such income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and forty-five pounds, but shall be under one hundred

and

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13, 57

and fifty pounds; one twentieth part of such income, if the same i$ol.andun-

shall amount to one hundred and fifty pounds, but shall be under der 1551.; 3

one hundred and fifty-five pounds; one nineteenth part of such 1551.-1601.j r\

income, if the same shall amount to one hundred an-d fifty-five

pounds, but shall be under one hundred and sixty pounds; one 1601.-1651.; -rs

eighteenth part of such income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and sixty pounds, but shall be under one hundred and

sixty-five pounds; one seventeenth part of such income if the 1651.170b; -a\

same shall amount to one hundred and sixty-five pounds, but

shall be under one hundred and seventy pounds; one sixteenth 1701.-1751.; -jV

part of such income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and seventy pounds, but shall be under one hundred and seventy-

five pounds; one fifteenth part of such income, if the same shall 1> tt

amount to one hundred and seventy-five pounds, but shall be under one hundred and eighty pounds; one fourteenth part of 1801.-185l.;

such income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and eighty pounds, but shall be under one hundred and eighty-five

pounds; one thirteenth part of such income, if the same shall 1851.-190L; TrT

amount to one hundred and eighty-five pounds, but shall be under one hundred and ninety pounds; one twelfth part of such 1901.-1951.; A

income, if the same shall amount to one hundred and ninety

pounds, but shall be under one hundred and ninety-five pounds;

one eleventh part of such income, if the same shall amount to 1951..200l.; rxr

one hundred and ninety-five pounds, but shall be under two

hundred pounds; and one tenth part of such income, if the same 200l. or 1 T

shall amount to two hundred pounds, or upwards: which respect upwards j iiy

five rates shall be charged and assessed by of, to be

chosen for that purpose in the manner herein after directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That every person having a child Persons having or children born in wedlock, and maintained principally by such per- children, mainson at his or herexpence, whether such child or children be the child at ufei/exp^nce^ or children of him or her, or of his or her wife or husband by any shall be allowed former marriage, shall be entitled to the respective abatements the following^following; that is to say, Any person whose income is sixty pounds a year or upwards, and under four hundred pounds a vear, i11Corxie of 6ol-having such child or children, shall have an abatement after the and under 400l. rate of five pounds per centum for each such child: any person a year, 5 per whose income is four hundred pounds a year or upwards, and eac

under one thousand pounds a year an abatement after the rate ol 4CCi/an(i under four pounds per centum for each such child, where any of the i}ooool.4per children are or is of an age exceeding six years; and where all cent, for each such children are under the age of six years, then an abatement ^cnre after the rate of three pounds per centum for each such child: any one above fix person having an income or one thousand pounds a year or years old, upwards, and under five thousand pounds a year, an abatement and 3 per cent, after the rate of three pounds per centum for each such child, ^en^ where any of such children are or is of an age exceeding fix under fix: years; and where all such children are under that age, then an i, ooool. and abatement after the rate of two pounds per centum for each such under 5, 000l. child: and all person s having an income of five thousand pounds 3

a year or upwards, an abatement alter the rate ol two pounds 1^manner.*

Per ooool.and

manner.

58 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

up wards, 2 per per centum for each such child, where any of such children are or

cent* in hke's an aSe excee^ng Years> and where all such children are under the age of six years, then an abatement after the rate of one pound per centum for each such child: which abatement shall be allowed by the respective of for the purposes of this act, and for hearing and determining appeals under this act, upon delivery of a declaration {fating the number of such persons children, and on proof made, to the satisfaction of the said of, of the truth of the matters contained in such declaration; and the said of shall cause the said abatements to be deducted from the amount of such person's assessment as the case shall require.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to extend to charge the {lock or fund of any friendly society established under or by virtue of an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encouragement and relief offriendly societies.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no corporation, faternity, or society of persons established for charitable purposes only, shall be chargeable under this act, in respect of the

This act not to affect the itock of friendly societies established under 33 Geo. 3. c. 5+.

Nor corporations, See. established for charitable purposes only. Nor any annual presiding officer of a corporation for his official

income of such corporation, fraternity, or society.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no annual officer presiding over any corporation or royal burgh, shall be chargeable by virtue of this act in respect of the income derived from his salary and emoluments in respect of such office.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no rector or vicar shall be charged in respect of any stipend paid to a curate, such rector or vicar being usually reftdent, and ordinarily doing duty in some parish of which he is rector or vicar, or having some other legal excuse for not residing on such rectory or vicarage.'

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no person who shall, on or before the passing of this act, actually be in Great Britain for some temporary purpose only, and not with

flonaHy only) an^ VieW orntent establishing his or her Yefidence therein, in Great'shall be chargeable with the duties, imposed by this act as a person Britain, not actually redding in Great Britain, but shall be chargeable never-to be charged thcless with any duties to which such person might, on or after act, but under t'ie^fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and 38 Geo. 3. ninety-nine, be chargeable by virtue of the said act of the thirty  c. 16. eighth year of his Majesty's reign, if this act had not been made;

and the said act of the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, and all the provisions therein contained, shall be in full force. If the income with respect to such person, as if this act had not been made, of such persons

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the in-

be charged come of any person, being in Great Britain ior such temporary under that act pUrpGfe only, or any part thereof, shall be charged under the said

Rectors, See. not chargeable for their curates' salaries.

Persons and this, deduction may be made on account of such double charge.

recited act, and also under this act, it shall be lawful for the respective of for the purposes of this act, or for hearing and determining appeals under this act, on proof upon oath of a

59

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.

double charge, to make such deaudion on account thereof, as to the said respective of shall seem just and proper. Po f

X. And be it further enacted, That any subject of his Majesty, fionally absent whose ordinary residence shall have been in Great Britain, and from Great who shall have departed from Great Britain and gone into any Britain, at the parts beyond the seas for the purposeonly of occasional residence

at the time of the execution of this act, shall be deemed, not- this a<^a]j withstanding such temporary absence, a person chargeable in re- be charged sped of his or her income, as a person actually reftding in Great under this act; Britain, and shall be assessed and charged accordingly (in the th^drln0^ manner herein after directed) upon the whole amount of his or come her income, whether the same shall strife from property in Great [See f. 38, 39. Britain or elsewhere, or from any profession, office, pension, 73- 88.] stipend, employment, trade, or vocation, in Great Britain or

el (e where. of

XI. And be it further enacted, That the respective persons au- of the house

thorised or appointed to be of for executing and ad- tax, &c. shall ing in the execution of the acts relative to the duties on houses, ^fe of the^windows, or lights, or other the duties placed under the manage- missioners ment of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, shall from of land tax, time to time cause lifts to be made of such persons who are or Sec. in their shall be named or described in or by any act or acts, passed or to ^p^d^sdi be passed in the present or any future parliament, to act as com- r^de^iby this*" missioners of land taxor supply, or other the duties aforesaid, act, [Sees.23.] within their county, riding, shire, stewartry, or place, and who and 10 others shall be qualified as by this act is required, and ten other persons m

at the least, also so qualified, for each division of such county or^if so many riding, and for each city, borough, town, or place in England, for Can be found; which of are or shall be separately named in such ad and shall ap-or acts, or for each shire, stewartry, or place in Scotland, if so the Hu-ft many persons can be found qualified as by this act is required, or meeting for so many as can be found so qualified therein respectively, for such purpose, which purpose the said acting of, or any two of them, within seven acting for any division of any county or riding, or any city, bo- days after be-rough, town, or place in England, or for any shire, stewartry, or by a^yfofpec-place in Scotland, who shall receive notice of this act, shall appoint for, &c. and

a day and time for holding the first meeting for the purpose of shall deliver making out such lifts as aforesaid, containing the places of rest- such lilts, fig n-

o j nv them

dence respectively of the persons named therein to ad within their to their clerk respective divisions, cities, boroughs, towns, or places, in Eng- to transmitto land, and shires, stewartries and places in Scotland; which meet- the tax office; ing shall be holden within the space of (even days after any two of of such division, city, borough, town, or place in before persons England, or shire, stewartry, or place in Scotland, shall be required having, within by any inspector or surveyor to hold the same; and the said com- four yearsmissioners present at any meeting held for the purposes aforesaid, preceding, shall make out and deliver such lifts, signed by the majority of the of present at such meeting, to the clerk of such com- the pannel to missioners, who shall forthwith transmit the same to the commrf- serve) as grand

sioners for the affairs of taxes; who shall (in respect of lifts made jurors lor each

v r county, &c. m

in England; at a meeting to be

I3* [!79&-

lifts; and before the barons of the exchequer in Scotland. Such grand

6o Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c.

bU^heflf^iffm ^ngtond) cause the Tame to be laid before such persons who shall

within ten* ^ave served, or have been returned upon the pannel of jurors to

days after re- serve, as jurors upon the grand inquest of the county at large, or

ceipt of such of the city, borough, town, or place, being respectively a

county of itself, at any assize or sessions of oyer and terminer

and general gaol delivery, within the space of four years before

the passing of this act, or l'o many of them as final 1 be present

at any meeting to be holden in pursuance of the summons of the

-, sheriff for the same county, city, borough, town, or place (which

ions shall fe*- summonses the said sheriffs, or their deputies respectively, shall

lect a compe- cause to be ifhied, returnable within ten days after the trans-

tent number, million of such lifts to them respectively); and in respect of lifts

mac^en Scotland the same shall be laid before the barons of

tobe commis- exchequer there; and the persons present at such meeting,

sioners under and the said barons respectively shall, out of such lifts, felebfc

this act; and such number of persons, qualified as hereby is required, as shall for supplying neCelfary for carrying; into execution the general purposes of

vsiCEncics in*

the orderin t^lis act> and for applying from time to time any vacancy that;

which they may arise as herein after mentioned; and shall appoint such per-shall be fele6t> fons to be of for such purposes, in and for the whole ' ed: if a suffi* county, riding, shire, stewartry, city, borough, town, or place, can^othe*n l^e orc^er which they shall be selected to serve; and if in found quali- England shall appoint who and what number shall act for each bed, the defi- division of any county or riding, and for each city, borough, ciency maybe town, or place therein, for which of are or shall be from The lifts feParately named as aforesaid; and if the persons present at the of the adjoin- fnid meeting, or the said barons respectively, shall not find in any ing counties, lifts sufficient numbers of persons qualified to be of, of*co^m" such number from the lifts of any adjoining or

iffiffionersln neighbouring division or divisions of the same county, riding, or any one displace, or from the county at large adjoining to any city, borough, tri&nottoex- or town, being a county of itself, if in Engla?id> and if in Scotland^ be^pThan01"rorn l^e any adjoining or neighbouring shire, stewartry,

two^ and their or P^ace' as may necessary; and such persons shall be declared Barnes to be to be so appointed of as aforesaid in the order in which they shall be selected and set down in writing by the said persons and barons respectively, or the majority of them there present, and they shall be of for the purposes of this act in the order in which they shall be so appointed: provided always, That the number of of to be be appointed to a! together in any one division, or in any city, borough, town, or place in England, or anyone shire, stewartry, or place in Scotland\ shall not exceed the number of five, or be less than two; and the names of the persons so to be appointed shall from time to time be returned to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes at their office.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to restrain the said of, or any of them, from adding as of in any other part of the county, riding, or place, for which they are appointed.

returned to the tax office,

Commissioners not re-itrained from acting in any other part of the county, Sic-

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 61

XIII. And be it farther enacted, That any persons qualified Qualified per-as by this act is required, may at any time after such lifts shall thdr^ames76 be returned, cause their names to be inferred in such lifts, by giv- inserted in the ing notice thereof to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, lifts returned,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the several clerks oftic^to^th^tax assize shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the pasting of 0jfgce#

this act, transmit to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, true TJie cjerj, g 0p and perfect copies of the several pannels of persons returned within assize shall re-the period before-mentioned, to serve as jurors as aforesaid, within turn to the tax the several and respective counties, ridings, cities, towns, and places in England, who are empowered by this act to select and panels1; and appoint of under this act; and the proper officers in Scotland in Scotland shall, in like manner, return to the said barons lifts lifts of jurors of persons who shall have been summoned to serve as jurors in ^ned^o^ihe Scotland, within the like period; which lifts, together with barons these lifts of persons qualified to act as of under this act, lifts, andthofe the said of for the affairs of taxes shall transmit to of the persons the said sheriffs, with directions to them to summon, within the qualified for time herein-before limited, the respective persons who are em- er^the tax" powered as aforesaid to select and nominate of at such office shall places as such sheriffs shall respectively name; which summons transmit to the shall respectively be by publick advertisements, signed by such sheriffs or their deputies, and inserted in some newspapers usually^gi-andju^ circulated in the respective counties, ridings, shires, stewartries, r0rs, &c. by and places aforesaid, four days at lead before the day to be publickadver-named for the meeting of such persons for the purposes before tisement, with

 r r four^g no_

mentioned. tice J

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, within In L]nco)n.

the county of Lincoln, lifts of persons qualified to act as commis- fbjre bits shaft

sioners for the purposes of this act shall be returned by the re- be returned

spective of acting for the several hundreds and fubdi- commis-

visions within the several divisions of Lindsey, Holland, and Kef- (jone, rsor the;

., r ., J. J hundreds and

tevetij within the said county; and that separate of subdivisions in

shall be chosen to act within those respective hundreds and sub- Lindsey, See.

divisions, in like manner as herein-before directed to be done, and separace

within the several divisions of the other counties herein-men- comftbOIV-, ers be cliolen

tioned-.for such hun.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said persons who dreds, See. shall have served, or have been returned to serve on the grand The said inquest as aforesaid, in England, and the barons of the exchequer grand jurors, in Scotland, shall appoint three persons, qualified as herein direct- ^c.* aP* ed, to act as of of appeal for each county at large, persons quali-riding, shire, or stewartry in Great Britain, and also three other bed as direct-persons at the least, if so many can be found qualified, in like ed in f. 25 to manner to supply vacancies as herein is mentioned; and the l?e comrr*ju names of such persons shall be returned to the commissioners for p^Un eadf* the affairs of taxes at their office, who shall give notice of fqch county, and appointment to such of of appeal, who shall forth- three more to with appoint a time and place for their first: meeting, for theupply vacti.i-purpose of hearing and determining appeals to be made by virtue names shall be

of returned to the

62 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

tax office, who of this a (St, which shall be ten days at least before the first instal-ilc^ti^ce1 of^heh- ment t^ie duty granted by virtue of this act shall become

appointment; on which i'uch of ill all appoint theirfirll meeting

payable; and such meeting or meetings shall be held from time to time, with or without adjournment, so long as any such appeal shall be depending; and the said of of appeal, shall also, ten days at the least before any subsequent instaiment

for hearing * rates hereby granted shall become payable, in case any ap-appeals at leait peals shall be then depending, hold a meeting or meetings at

ten days before the hr ft initalment becomes due; and subsequent meetings, ten days before every instaiment, if necelTkry,

such time or times and place as shall be appointed by them, for hearing and determining such appeals; and that such meetings shall from time to time be held, with or without adjournment, so long as any such appeal shall be depending; and the said of of appeal shall cause publick notice to be given of their said first and subsequent meetings for the purpose of hearing and determining appeals in the manner herein directed and give notice thereof; such meetings to be held from time to time till all appeals are heard.

In London, the

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That within and for the city of London, the mayor, aldermen, and common council, in common council assembled, shall elecft fix persons, qualified as herein is required, three of whom at the least shall be aldermen, out of which number so to be elected the lifted per ions; may0r and aldermen shall choose three; and the governors and whom shall be directors the bank of England shall choose two other persons; aldermen ;,) and the directors of the united company of merchants of England from which trading to the East Indies, shall choose one other person; the number the sub-governor, deputy-governor, and directors of the South Sea Sierme^ shall company> shall choose one other person; and the governors and choose three; directors of the Royal Exchange insurance company, and the the bank shall governors and directors of the London Insurance company, shall also choose each choose one other person, qualified as by this act is required; so ns  tlfe East a n d t^le ^lree persons so chosen by the mayor and aldermen.

mayor, aldermen, and common council shall elect fix qua-

fons 5 the East India company, the South Sea company, and the Royal Exchange and London The three

together with the other persons respectively chosen as aforesaid, shall be of for the purposes of this act, within and for the said city of London; and the names of the persons so chosen shall be returned to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes.

insurance companies, each one; to be of for London.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That within and for the of said city of London, the commissioners for hearing and determin-

of appeal in London ft 1 all be chosen, one by the mayor and aldermen; one by the bank, East India company, and South Sea company; and one by the two insurance companies.

ing appeals shall be chosen as follows; videlicet, The said mayor and aldermen of the said city shall choose one person to be such commissioner; the said governors and directors of the bank of England, the said directors of the united East India company, and the said governors and directors of the South Sea company, shall choose one other person to be such commissioner; and the said respective governors and directors of the several insurance companies before-mentioned, shall choose a third person to be such commissioner; and the three persons so chosen as lass aforesaid, shall be of for hearing and determining appeals within and for the said city; and their names shall be returned to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes.

I79*l Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 63

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That within For Middlesex and for the county of Middlesex, except the district of the Tower (^cept the Hamlets, called The Tower Division, the sheriff shall cause to be summoned such jurors only who shall have been returned from sheriff shall the hundred of OJfiilfion, in the said county, on the pannel of the summon such grand jury in the court of our lord the King, before the King 8r^nci jurors

o j j^o7^o oniv as are?

himself at Westminster, within the period before-mentioned. returned on

XX. And be it further enacted, That within and for the the pannel at distri6t of the Tovjcr Hamlets, commonly called The Toiuer Westminster Division, in the county of Middlesex, it shall be lawful for tfe lieutenant of the tower of London, or deputy lieutenant, or ma- For the Tower jor thereof, to summon the justices of the peace adding in and p^nt 6 for the said division at the time of paffng this act, and who shall Of the" continue so to act until they shall be so respectively summoned; tower shall and such justices being so summoned shall fele6l the several and summon the respective commifioners to act for such division under this act

for any of the purposes herein-mentioned, in the same manner peieLq Com-and with the same powers as the grand inquest of any county is missioners and hereby empowered to do, and also certain other persons to sup- affiants to the ply vacancies as they shall arise, in the manner before-mentioned, commffifone

and also so many other persons as they shall think necessary, to for be affiants to the commercial commifioners to be appointed division. under this act; and the names of the persons so chosen shall be [Scef 98. returned to the commifioners for the affairs of taxes. I10> ,

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as When acom-any one or more of the commifioners for the purposes of this miff oner, or act, or any of the commifioners for hearing and determining ^m^oner appeals under this act, named or appointed to act for any county, shall die or deriding, shire, stewartry, or place in Great Britain, or any divi- dine to act, fion, city, borough, town, or place within the same, shall die, the person or decline to act in the execution of the powers and truf s there-of, or having begun to act shall decline to act any further he^therein, then and in every such case the person or persons next in pointed in his order on such lifts shall be appointed the commifioner or com- room; and missioners, in the place of the commifioner or commifioners so t^0^!an^c refusing or declining to act, or dying; and the jurors who shall {ha^ from0* from time to time serve on the grand inquest at the afizes or time to time fefions of oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery, and the Fleet and add several and respective persons before-mentioned, in England, and w^mcs the barons of the exchequer in Scotland, shall respectively, astle 1 s* often as occasion shall require, fele61 and add new names to the persons before selected, who shall respectively in their order be a commifioner or commifioners for the purposes of this act, or a commifioner or commifioners of appeals, as the case may require, as and when any such vacancy shall happen; and when any such commifioner appointed to act for any city, borough, town, or place shall die, or refuse or decline to act as aforesaid, then and in every such case, the place of the commifioner so dying, or refusing or declining to act, shall be filled up in such manner, and by the same persons, as the said commifioner was appointed.

64

Commim oners and commissionevs of appeals to take the following

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every person to be appointed a commissioner for the purposes of this act, and every person appointed to hear and determine appeals, before he shall begin to abf therein (except in administering the oath herein after expressed) shall take the following oath; (that is to say).

Oath,

I A.B. do swear, That I will truly, faithfully, impartially,

JL and honestly, according to the best of mv {kill and knowledge, execute the several powers and authorities veiled in me by an act of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, [Here set forth the title of this afi]; and that I will exercise the powers entrusted to me by the said vaiSt, in such manner only as shall appear to me necessary for the due execution of the same; and that I will judge and determine upon all matters and things which shall be brought before me under the said act, without fayour, afteblion, or malice; and that I will not disclose any particular contained in any schedule of income, or any evidence or answer given by any person who shall be examined or make affidavit respecting the same, except in such cases and to such persons only where it shall be necessary to disclose the same for the purposes of this act, or in order to, or in the course of, a prosecution for perjury committed in such examination or affidavit.

So help me GOD.'

to be administered by any commissioner, and subscribed by the party fw earing, and their names returned to the tax office.

Penalty on a<sting as a commissioner, without taking the oath, iool.

Qualification of of for counties at large, Sec. ioyooool. personal estate, or thrice the value of the qualification required for a commissioner of land tax.

Which oath any one of the respective of appointed for the purposes of this act, or to hear and determine appeals under the same, is hereby authorised to administer; and which oath so taken shall be subscribed by the party taking the same; and the names of all persons so subscribing shall, within one month afterwards, be transmitted to the office of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and if any person shall act as a commissioner for the purposes of, this ab>, or as a commissioner for hearing and determining appeals, before he shall have taken the oath herein-mentioned, (except in administering the same), he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay, the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered by the said first: recited act.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person shall be capable of abling as a commissioner for the purposes of this act, within or for any county at large, riding, shire, stewartry, city, borough, town, or place in Great Britain, who shall not be possessed of a personal estate of the value of ten thousand pounds, or who shall not be seised or possessed of an estate of the like nature, and of thrice the value or more, as is or shall be required as the qualification of a commissioner to a & in the execution of an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty in such county at large, riding, shire, stewartry, city, borough,

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 65

town, or place 5 or shall be the heir apparent of a person seised or possessed of an estate of the like nature, and of thrice the value, or more, of the estate of which a person ought to be seised or No possessed in order to qualify Ins heir apparent to be a commis- fioner frail fioner to ad in the execution of the said act; nor shall any person be capable of be capable of acting as a commissioner for hearing and determin- being a coming appeals in pursuance of this act, in any county, riding, shire, or stewartry, who shall be a commissioner for the purposes of pp ' this act; nor unless such person shall in like manner be possessed ^omndffion-of a personal estate of the value of twenty thousand pounds, or ers of appeal be seised or possessed of an estate of the like nature, and of twice to be twice the value, or more, as is required by this act, for a commissioner for the purposes of this act as aforesaid, or shall be heir apparent f0* coinmif-of some person who shall in like manner be seised or possessed of sioners. a like estate as aforesaid, of twice the value, or more, of the estate of which a person ought to be seised or possessed in order Quai; fication to qualify his heir apparent to be a commissioner for the purposes otcommission-of this act. ' ers in cities

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no per- (being counson shall be capable of acting as a commissioner for the purposes peri0nal*of this act, within or for any city, borough, town, or place, being estate, or respectively a county of itself, who shall not be possessed of a three fifths personal estate of the value of three thousand pounds, or be seised oP

or possessed of an estate of the like nature and of three fifths of county the value, as is required by this act for a commissioner for the pur- at large; in poses of this act, within a county at large; nor within any of the the inns of inns of court, inns of chancery, or liberty of the rolls, who shall court, See. not be possessed of a personal estate of the value of three thousand alf^?fication pounds, or be seised or possessed of an estate of the like nature for a borough, and value as is required by this act for a commissioner for the &c. purposes of this act for any borough, town, or place; and that In such cities within and for any such city, town, or place, being a county of the magi-itself, the magistrates and justices of the said city, town, or place, fbm

shall be summoned, together with such jurors as aforesaid, to ad m0ned with" in the feledion and nomination of the respective of the grand to be appointed under this act. jurors.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Only one herein contained shall be construed to require more than one ^c-tion third of any qualification, consisting of lands, tenements, or landT&c. hereditaments, to be situate within the respective county, riding, need be with-shire, or stewartry, for which any person shall be appointed to ad in the county, as a commissioner.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any per- Land and son whose estate shall consist of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, personalty and also of personal estate, to any of the respective values herein- ^thera^a before required, estimating in every such case one hundred pounds qualification: personal estate, and four pounds per annum of estate in lands, iool. person-tenements, or hereditaments, as equivalent to each other, mayahy.tobe ad as a commissioner for any of the purposes of this act, as if e^tuvalent to^ such required value had wholly arisen from lands, tenements, or lQ^e[a^nuin

66

Penalty on a commissioner acting without being so qualified 50l.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

hereditaments, or wholly from personal estate; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any commissioner for any of the purposes of this act before or after mentioned, or any other person herein required to be seised or possessed of a qualification to acct in the execution of this act, shall act therein, or in any of the powers therein contained and veiled in such commissioner, or other person as aforesaid, without being duly qualified as by this act is required, every such person shall forfeit and pay, fop every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds; to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered by virtue of the said first recited act.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case there shall not be a sufficient number of of for the purposes of this act, for any city, borough, town, or place, for which by this act such of are particularly to be appointed, capable of acting according to the qualification required by this act, then in every such case any of the commissioners for the purposes of this act, appointed for the county at large within which such city, borough, town, or place shall be situate, or next adjoining thereto, may and they are hereby required to act as of for the purposes of this act, for such city, borough, town, or place.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if there shall not have been a grand inquest impannelled within the period before-mentioned, in any city, town, or place, being a county of itself, it shall be lawful for the sheriff of such city, town, or place, to summon the persons named in the commission of the peace for such city, town, or place, at the time of passing this act, and who shall continue so to act until they shall be so respectively summonedjand such magistrates and justices, being so summoned, shall feledi: the several and respective of to act for such city, town, or place, under this act, for any of the purposes herein-mentioned, in the same manner and with the same powers as the grand inquest of such city, town, or place, if impannelled

who Hi all then within the period before-mentioned, together with such persons select the

If there be not a sufficient number of of duly qualified for any

of for the city, &c. county at large may act within such city, &c.

If no grand jury shall have been impannelled in any city. See. within the time mentioned in f. 11. the sheriff may summon the acting justices of the peace for such city, See

in the commission of the peace, might have done, and also of certain other persons to supply vacancies, as the same shall arise, or e amc.n tjle manner before-mentioned, and also so may other persons as they shall think necessary to be a Hi ft ants to the commercial of to be appointed under this act, if any shall be appointed for such city, town, or place; and the names of the persons so chosen shall be returned to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the persons assembled for the purpose of naming

If it shall appear that one set of

of of of appeals as aforesaid for any county or riding of appeal in England, that by reason of the extent of such county or

cannot per- riding, or the relative situations of different parts thereof, one set

form the duty -

for the whole county or riding, two of of duties required of

of appeal cannot conveniently perform the Inch of by this act, it shall be

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 67

lawful for such persons to name two or more sets of of or more sets of appeal to ail for different parts of such county, or divisions of jj^edVo such county or riding, describing, in an order to be made by a(g. for several such persons for such purpose, for what part of such county or divisions; and riding, each of such sets of of of appeal shall re-th.enacom-speilively ail; and in such cases it shall be lawful for any person ailing as a commissioner of appeal for one part of such county be a commis-or riding to ail as a commissioner for the purposes of this ail in fioner under any other part of such county or riding, in which he shall have this ail in no jurisdiction as a commissioner of appeal.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

another division.

Commission-

the of for the purposes of this ail, and also for the ers corJ, of appointed for hearing and determining appeals 'missioners under this ail, and they are hereby respectively authorised and of appeal empowered, in any matter before them concerning the execution of this ail, to examine any person or persons willing to be ^erRnis wil-examined in such matter, and to administer an 02th or solemn ling to be affirmation to such person or persons, according to the directions examined, and of this ail, and also to receive any affidavit or deposition in ^eCeive writing upon oath or affirmation, which shall be made in such ancj dep0fi. manner as by the said first recited ail of the thirty-eighth year tions in writ-before-mentioned is required with respect to affidavits or depositions J*ng, in any taken under the authority of that ail, and also any affidavit orde- [h^ercbe*ore position in writing upon oath or affirmation, which shall be made Cerningthe in any parts beyond the seas, before any magistrate of the county, execution of territory, or place, where the person making such oath or this act. affirmation shall also reside, and which shall be certified and transmitted to the said respective of under the hand and seal of such magistrate; provided that in every affidavit, Requisites in deposition, or affirmation, there be expressed the addition of the party making the same, and the particular place of his or her*abode, and the same be entitled an affidavit, deposition, or affirmation, made in pursuan^ of this act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person upon Persons giv-

any such examination on oath or affirmation, or in any such oa

affidavit, deposition, or affirmation, shall wilfully and corruptly fJci^exami-give false evidence, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm nations, &c. any matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, every such shall be liable person so offending, and being thereof duly conviiled, shall be t. PenaI^ and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and tieso PerJuO* penalties as by any law now in being persons conviiled of wilful

and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That any indictment rndiffments,

or information for perjury committed in any sikh affidavit, he

deposition, or affirmation, as aforesaid, whether the same shall be county where taken or made within Great Britain or without, shall and may the affidavit, be laid, tried, and determined, In the county where such See. was affidavit, deposition, or affirmation, shall be exhibited to the exhibited, of, in pursuance of this act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the several fur- Surveyors veyors and inspectors, who are or shall be appointed to put in inspectors

to take the execution fgi^QWing

68

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

execution this present act, shall, before they shall respectively enter upon their office, take the following oath; (that is to say, )

I A.B. do swear, That in the execution of an act intituled, jL[bere set forth the title of this act\ I will examine and revise all statements delivered within my districf, and in surcharging the schedules of income, and in objecting to dedudlions made therefrom, I will act according to the best of my information and knowledge; and that I will conduct myself therein without fayour, affection, or malice; and that I will exercise the powers entrusted to me by the said act, in such manner only as shall appear to me to be necessary for the due execution of the same, or as I shall be directed by the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, or any three or more of them; and that I will not disclose any particular contained in any statement or schedule of income, or any evidence or answer given by any person who shall be examined or make affidavit, depofirion, or affirmation, respecting the same in pursuance of the said act, except in such cases, and to such persons only, where it shall be necessary to disclose the same for the purposes of the said act, or in order to, or in the course of, a prosecution for perjury committed in such examination or affidavit.

So help me GOD.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every person to be of appointed a clerk to the said respective of shall, to take the before he shall enter upon his office, take the following oath; following (that is to say).

Oath.

4 TA.B. do swear, That I will not disclose any particular JL contained in any statement or schedule of income, or any evidence dr answer given by any person who shall be examined or make affidavit, deposition, or affirmation, respecting the same, in pursuance of an act, intituled, [here set forth the title of this except in such cases, and to such persons only, where it shall be necessary to disclose the same for the purposes of the said act, and as I shall be directed so to do by two at least of the of adfing for the division or place for which I have been appointed, or in order to, or in the course of, a prosecution for perjury committed in such affidavit, deposition, or affirmation.

So help me GOD.V

Powers, See. of 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. and all other acts relative to the duties under the management of the commissioners of taxes, extended to this act;

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several of who shall be appointed for the purposes of this act, and also the several persons appointed, or to be appointed inspectors, surveyors, assessors, or collectors, to put in execution the said act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war9 or the several acts relative to the duties under the management of the of

for

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 69

for the affairs of taxes, or any of them, shall, and they are except where hereby respectively empowered and required to do all things^3^necessary for putting this act in execution, with relation to the y rates and duties hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample a manner, as they or any of them are or is authorised to put in execution the acts above-mentioned, or any of them, or any matters or things therein contained; and the rates and duties hereby granted shall and may be ascertained, managed, collected, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such rules, methods, directions, and provisions as the rates and assessments granted by the said act passed in the thirty-eighth year before-mentioned, and other the rates and duties now under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, or any of them, are, or is, or may be ascertained, managed, collected, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, (except as far as any of the said rules, methods, directions, and provisions are expressly varied by this act); and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, contained in the said act, or any act of the same session of parliament relating thereto, for the assessing, surcharging, mitigating, abating, vaeating, hearing, determining, or adjudging the assessments on the amount of the rates to be charged under the authority of thesaidad, or for advancing or paying the rates and duties charged thereby, either to the bank of England, or to the collectors appointed for that purpose, or for accounting for the same, and also all the powers, authorities, rules, penalties, clauses, matters, and things, contained in any act or acts relating to the duties under the management of the commissioners for the aifairs of taxes, (as far as the same several powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, are respectively applicable to the rates and duties granted by this act, and not expressly varied or otherwise provided for hereby), shall severally and respectively be in full force, and duly observed, practised, and put in execution throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for the several purposes of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act..r

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the commission- eCrsTaing ers acting in the execution of the acts relative to the said present under the duties shall, at their first meeting to be held under this act, as is present acts, herein-before directed, or any two of them present at such meet- at their ing, direct their precept or precepts to the assessors of the several [fee*f parishes and places within their respective divisions, requiring summon the them to appear before the said of at such time and assessors to place as they shall appoint, not exceeding fourteen days after aPPfar within such precept, and shall, at such their appearance, issue to such i^Yhe assessors the instructions and directions duly filled up and signed instructions by two or more of them* and such warrants under the hands and and warrants

y 3 seals delivered by

7

the surveyors and inspecftors under directions of the tax office.

[See i'. 49.] AsselYors shall yearly give notice to ho upholders and persons occupying distinct apartments, to deliver within 14. days lifts signed by them, containing the name of every lodger, inmate, See., (except servants and infants), resident in such house or apartment; and also lifts of persons redding abroad, infants, married women, See. entitled to income in the receipt of inch house-holder as trustee, and the names of hisco-trustees, if any; and also of persons receiving income from property of which any householder is trustee; which lifts such householder, See. shall make out accordingly; and also a statement of the sum he means to contribute (according to a form in schedule B.) as not kk

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

seals of two or more of them, as the surveyors and inspeeftors shall have had delivered to them for that purpose, under the direction of the corn mi (Boners for the affairs of taxes.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the asselTors of the duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, for the year ending on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall, within fourteen days after the date of the precept so to be delivered to them as aforesaid, and the persons to be appointed assessors of any of the duties under the like management, after the fifth day of April.one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall, within fourteen days after the date of the precept which shall be issued to them by the commissioners for the purposes of this act, in every year, during the term herein-mentioned, give notice to every householder within the limits of the places for which such assessors shall so act, or leave the same at his or her dwelling house; and, where any dwelling house shall be let in different apartments, and occupied distinctly by different families or persons, who shall either befeparately and distinctly charged to the duties on windows and lights, or where the landlord of such dwelling house shall by reason of the same being so let, be charged to the said duties, also give or leave the like notice to or for the occupier of each such dif-tindl apartment, to prepare and deliver, within forteen days next ensuing the day of serving such notice, a list in writing, containing, to the best of his or her belief, the proper name of each and every lodger, inmate, and other person, (except servants and infants not having any income chargeable by virtue of this act), resident in such dwelling house, or distinct apartment, and also a list, containing the proper name of every person not resident in Great Britain, and of every infant, idiot, lunatick, and married woman, who shall have or be entitled to any income chargeable by virtue of this aeft, which shall be in the actual receipt of such householder or occupier, as trustee, agent, receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, or in any other character, either separately, or jointly with any other person or persons, and if jointly with any other person or persons, then the proper name of every such other person or persons; and also the name or names of every other person or persons for whom any householder or occupier shall hold any property as such trustee, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, the income whereof shall be in the actual receipt of such other person or persons; and every such householder or occupier shall, after such notice so given or left, make out such lifts, and sign the same with his or her proper name, and shall also at the same time make out and deliver a statement in writing, signed by him or her, of the sum which he or she means to pay under this act, as his or her contribution (according to one of the forms marked (B.) hereunto annexed, and as the case may require), as being not less than the just rate or proportion of his or her annual income, estimated according to the provisions of this act, with which he or she ought to be charged by virtue thereof ^nd also a like state-

tnent

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 71

ment or account in writing, signed by. him or her, of the sum than the just which he or she proposes should be contributed for and on behalf of such other person or persons as aforesaid, for whom such un(jer householder or occupier is in the actual receipt of any income, act; and also as being not less than the just rate and proportion of the annual a like lfate-income of such other person or persons chargeable by virtue of to^e^ this act; which lifts and statements, or such of them as the case contributed shall require, according to the provisions of this act, every such by any person householder or occupier shall deliver or cause to be delivered to whose income such assessor or assessors within the space of fourteen days after ^der&c' service of such notice; and if any such householder or occupier be in the shall refuse or negledft to make out and sign such lifts or actual receipt statements, or either of them, as the case may require, and of such lifts* deliver the same to the assessor or assessors within the time before-mentioned, then such assessor or assessors shall return to the delivered to laid of for executing this act, the names of any such the assessors householders or occupiers making such default as aforesaid, and within 14. shall also make out a list, containing the names of all such householder lodgers, inmates, and others, (except servants and infants not negie# to having any income as aforesaid), resident in the dwelling house deliver such of any such householder or occupier making such default as lifts, &c. the aforesaid, and also of all persons for whom and on whose behalf such householder or occupier ought to make out and deliver such name and the lift and statement as aforesaid (if any such there be, within the names of all knowledge of such assessor or assessors). such as ought

XXXIX. And be it farther enacted, That the said assessors

shall, within seven days after any such lifts of lodgers, inmates, knowledge of and others, resident in any dwelling house or distinl apartment, the said aflef-shall be delivered to them as aforesaid, give or leave notice in fors. [See like manner as aforesaid, to or for every person so returned to a them as such lodger or inmate, or other person resident as aforesaid, to make out and deliver, within fourteen days after the day names Of of serving such notice, the like list in writing of the persons not lodgers, &c. residing in Great Britain, and of infants, idiots, lunaticks, and assessors shall married women, who shall have or be entitled to any income chargeable by virtue of this act, which shall be in the receipt of turn firnjiar- such lodger or inmate, or other person respectively, or shall lifts: and on actually receive any income derived from property which such default shall lodger or inmate shall hold as such trustee, guardian, tutor, to the

curator, or committee, and of the names of such other persons commission-(if any) as shall be joined with him or her as trustee, agent, or ers, and the receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, or in any other names of such character, as is hereby required to be made out and delivered by householders; and every such lodger, inmate, or other person returned by aforesaid, shall make out such lift, and deliver the same signed them, in the as aforesaid, and shall also make out and deliver such and the knowledge like statements of the sum he or she means to contribute on his or her own account, and also propoles should be contributed for c or on behalf of any other person or persons as aforesaid, as are hereby required to be made out and delivered by householders; yvflich lifts or statements, or such of them as the case shall

72 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

Require, according to the provisions of this act as last mentioned, every such person shall deliver to such assessor or assessors, within the space of fourteen days after service of such notice; and if any such person shall neglect or refuse to make out such lifts or flatements, or either of them, as the case shall require, and deliver the same to the assessor or assessors within the time before

Anot to extend to persons exempted by their poverty from poor rates,

& c\

Income of married women shall be

mentioned, then such assessor or assessors shall return to the of the names of all such persons making such default as last aforesaid, and shall also make out a list containing the names of all persons of and for whom such person making such default ought to make out and deliver such lifts and statements as aforesaid (if any such there be within the knowledge of such assessor or assessors).

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to require any notice to be delivered to, or any list or statement to be returned by, any person residing in any tenement whereof all the inhabitants are, by reason of their poverty only, exempted from the actual payment of the usual rates and taxes toward the church and poor.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the income of any ilated by their married woman, living with her husband, shall be dated and husbands; accounted for by her husband at the time of delivering his own ma^W^e statement under this act; provided that the of shall examined as at ^)er-ty to summon the wife, and examine her touching her to her fepa- separate property, under such rules and regulations as any party rate property, may by this act be examined.

If the cestui

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if

questrull is any other person, for whom such person as aforesaid shall a hi as

rehdestn6 tru^ee' a&ent' or reviver, shall be of full age, and shall relide

Great Britain, n Great Britain at the time required for the return of such lift as

it shall be aforesaid, it shall be sufficient for such trustee, agent, or receiver,

sufficient for to return in such lift the proper name and place of residence of the tru tee such ot}ler person without making any statement of the sum to to return ms, r.5.., r, p J - n r,

be contributed or paid for such other person, which lilts of other persons so resident as aforesaid shall be forthwith delivered to

the surveyor or inspector where such lift shall be delivered, for the information of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no trustee who shall have authorised the receipt of the income of any

trust property, by or on the behalf of the person entitled thereto, and who shall permit such income to be received by the person or persons so authorised to receive the same, shall be deemed to be in the actual receipt of such income, but the person or persons who shall really and bona fide receive the same for his, her, or their use or benefit under such authority, shall be deemed

to be in the ablual receipt thereof within the intent and meaning

of this act; and that no person who, as banker, agent, or receiver,

shall receive any income for the use of any person beneficially

entitled thereto, and resident in Great Britain, shall be deemed

to be in the acffual receipt of such income within the intent and

meaning of this act*

name and relldence, to be delivered to the surveyor, Sec.

INo trustee who has authorised his cestui questrust to receive the income of trust property, nor any banker. See. of persons entitled to income shall be deemed to be in the actual receipt of such income.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. C-13. 73

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the assessors appointed Assessor shall for the present year ending as aforesaid, shall, within fourteen the

days after the date of such fir A-mentioned precept as aforesaid, and church doors, the assessors to be appointed for any subsequent year after the fifth general noday of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall, tices to all within fourteen days after the date of such last mentioned precept as aforesaid, in every year during the term herein mentioned, lifts and cause general notices to be affixed on the doors of the church or (tatements, chapel, and market house or crofis (if any) of the city, town, which shall be parish, or place, for which such assessors shall act, and it such ^'ice tcfall^ town or place shall not have a church or chapel, or market house fllchresidents, or cross, then on the church or chapel door of the next adjoining though the parish, requiring all persons residing in the said city, town, notice requir-parish, or place, who are by this a of required so to do, to make our n^delivered and deliver to the respective assessors such lids and statements as to them, are hereby required; and such general notice shall, from the time when the same shall be affixed as aforesaid, be deemed sufficient notice to all persons resident in such city, town, parish, or place, and the affixing the same in manner before directed shall be deemed good service of such notice, notwithstanding such notices as are herein-before directed shall not actually have been left at the house of any householder, or at the place of residence of any lodger or inmate, or other person resident within such parish or place; and the said respective assessors shall cause the said notices from time to time to be replaced (if necessary) for the space of ten days before the time required for the delivery of such lifts and statements as aforesaid; and every person wilfully Persons defac-tearing, defacing, or obliterating any such notice so affixed, during the said space of ten days, shall forfeit, for every such forfeit.not offence, a sum not exceeding twenty pounds, to be recovered as more than any penalty may be recovered under the said first: recited act, sh or this act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said assessors shall, Assessors shall from time to time, within three days after the respective times Transmit^to herein-before limited for the delivery of the said lifts and state- tfte commitments, to them as aforesaid, (in case of shall be then sioners' clerk, appointed for the purposes of this act, or otherwise within three the returns days after such appointment), transmit to the clerk to the said of for the purposes of this act, in the-division or the names Gf place for which such assessors shall act, all returns then before persons neg-made to the said assessors, and also all returns thereafter made idling to

to them within three days after their receipt of the same, to be ^urnsU<"^ laid before the said of at their first meeting after their receiving the same; and shall also, as soon as conveniently may be, transmit to the said clerk lifts of the names of all persons who shall have neglected to make any such returns as aforesaid, to be laid before the said of at their first meeting after the receipt of such lifts respectively.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That every assessor shall Assessors shall personally appear before the said of at their said first of

meeting, at their plrft

74 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

meeting, and meeting, or such other meetings as such assessor shall be ap-iffie^cftie^erP0*nte<^ to attencU and shall make oath or solemn affirmation vice of notice ^e^ore them that the several notices required to be delivered to on all house- householders and occupiers, and also to lodgers and inmates, by holders, S: c. this act, have been duly served in the manner required thereby and ot affixing Upon al[ householders and occupiers, and upon all inmates and notice -"and lodgers, within the limits of the places for which such assessors shall to the truth have been appointed, to the best of his knowledge; and that general of the ltate- notices to the effect mentioned in the said act have been duly affixed meats of lifts in the manner required by this act on such proper places within them'to the^town> or place, for which such assessor shall act, as by

commission* this act is required; and that the statements delivered by him to os' clerks. the clerk to the said of are all the statements which

Penalty on neglect by affelldr, in any particular, not exceeding 2 ol.

Commissioners may certify to the tax office the good conduit of the assessor, and what reward they think due to him; which the tax office may direct the receiver general to pay.

Reward to Purveyors, to be Vegu-

have been returned to him in pursuance of this act; and that the lift delivered by him contains the name of every person within the said limits having made default, or whose name ought to be. returned according to the directions of this act, within the knowledge <of such assessor; and every assessor who shall neglect to appear before such of, and make such oath or affirmation, or who shall not return any statement of income made to him, or shall wilfully omit to return the name or names of any person or persons who shall not have returned any statement or lift, or whose name ought to be included in any list, as by this act is required, shall forfeit for every such offence, any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered under the said first recited act, or this act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any assessor shall, in the execution of his office under this act, have conducted himself to the satisfaction of the commissioners for the purposes of this act, acting for the division or place where such assessor shall be appointed, it shall be lawful for the of acting for such division or place, or the major part of them present at any meeting to be holden for that purpose, to grant to such a fife fTor a certificate of his good conduct in such office, and such of are thereupon required to report, in and by such certificate, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, their opinion as to the sum which, in their judgement, will be a suitable reward to such assessor for his pains and labour in such office, regard being had, in estimating the value of such reward, to the extent and population of the district within which such a fife (Tor shall have acted, and the number of persons chargeable with the rates and duties granted by this act, and his diligence in the execution of this act; and it shall be lawful for the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, upon such certificate and report, to grant such reward to such assessor as to them shall seem fit, not exceeding the amount contained in such certificate and report, and to direct the receiver general of the said rates and duties to pay the same to such assessor out of the monies in his hands arising from the said rates and duties.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no reward shall be given to any surveyor or inspector employed

iu

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13* 75

in the execution of this acct, for his service under the same, unlesslated by cer-the of for executing this act, or the of tificate of the for hearing and determining appeals, shall grant him a like cer-smmi lon' tificate of his good conduct in such his office, nor to any greater amount than the said of granting such certificate shall represent him to be entitled to.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That iflfcommif-the respective commissioners of the land tax and supply, and other the present duties before mentioned, shall omit to issue such pre- theaffelTors cepts to the respective assessors in manner before-mentioned, it [fees. 37.] the shall be lawful for any justice of the peace of the county, riding, justices of the shire, stewartry, or place, on complaint of such omission by any co^n^)> ^c* surveyor or inspector, to summon such asselTors before him, and ^Wltk

upon their appearance to issue to them the like instructions, di- their initr'uc-regions, and warrants, as the said of are hereby au-tions, &c. thorised to issue; and if any assessor of the said duties shall neg- AsselTors reject to appear before the said of or justice, accordinguhng to ap-to the directions of this act, or to take upon himself the execu- ^he jiutices6 to tion of this act, according to the directions thereof, every such forfeit not ex-afteiTor shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceed-ceeding 20l. ing twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may by the said first recited aeft, or this act, be recovered. The commif-

L. And be it further enacted, That the of adfing sioners shall, in and for each division shall, within seven days after the time ffonl to fixed for the delivery of such lifts or statements, and so from alphabetical time to time, cause an abstract of so many of the same as shall abstracts in have been laid before them, containing the names of all persons books, of the included in such returns as being chargeable by virtue of this act, ^ec^itPb^ (arranged alphabetically), with their respective places of rest- tionpropolS* dence, and the sums proposed to be contributed, and also the &c. contained proportion which those sums bear to the income assessect, to be in the lifts prepared and entered in a book or books to be provided and romtsPfr kept by them, to which book and books every inspector and l-

surveyor acting in the execution of this a.t may have free access which books at all seasonable times, and shall, upon demand, be furnished by the inspectors the clerk to the said of with copies thereof, or ex- '^ve ac" trails from the same, or such parts thereof as maybe necessary be fonftlhed^ for the due execution of this act. with copies,

LI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respect &c. tive of for the purposes of this act shall appoint The commis-meetings within their respective divisions, which shall be held sioners shall not sooner than fourteen days nor later than twenty-one days appoint rnreu after such statements shall have been laid before them as afore- such^tate^ said, for the taking the same into consideration j and in case the ments into, said of shall be satisfied that all or any of the said consideration, statements have been made truly and without fraud, and so as to fPrta^ enable the of to charge the several persons charge- aiTdr.am able as aforesaid within their respective districts, or any of them, mentson such with the full duties with which they ought to be charged under statements as this aeft, or more, and in case no information shall be given to shall be the said of of the insufficiency thereof, as herein after PndrnakTafl*

is felTtnents accordingly.

76

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III.

such statement, fug-gelling in writing that he hath reason to believe that the sum which would be chargeable on any person upon such statement, 1 is less than the just rate or proportion of the income of such person, whereat he or she ought to be charged by virtue of this act, or that any person omitted in the abstract which shall be prepared by the said of, ought to be charged to the said rates, the said of shall, unless.

c. 13. [1798.

is mentioned, the said commissioners shall at such meeting, or as soon after as conveniently may be, but not Jater than seven days after such meeting, compute and ascertain, or cause to be computed and ascertained, the amount of the rates and duties to be imposed upon futh of the respective persons chargeable by this act, within their respective districfts, whose statements shall be deemed satisfactory by such of, and shall make an assessment upon each of those persons accordingly, co 1 muifhoners ^11. ^n^ further enacted, That in every instance in

have received which the said of shall not have received any statement no statement, of the income of any person chargeable by virtue of this act, or or no satistac- shall not have received any such statement, with which they shall or or if any surveyor or inspector for the said rates and

iiiaUapply ^ut'es shall apply to the said of for a revision of any for the revi- - I I "

fion of any statement, fuggeding its deficiency in writing, they shall l'fiue a pre-

part V charge- they, or many of them as are herein after mentioned, after able, who shall having heard such reasons as the surveyor shall lay before them, accordingly, fee cause to disallow the application of such surveyor or inspector, direct a precept to such person, in the form marked (F.) in the schedule annexed to this act; which precept being delivered to or left at the fast or usual place of abode of the person chargeable as aforesaid, shall be binding upon such person according to the exigency of such precept; and every such person shall return or cause to be returned to the said of, within the space of ten days after the date of such precept, a schedule of the particular of property from which the income chargeable under this act ought to be estimated, with the amount of deductions to be made therefrom under such of the heads contained in and according to the form marked (D.) in the schedule annexed to this act, as the case shall require.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That unless all the commissioner, except one, where less than five shall be present, or all except two of where five shall be present, shall adjudge that there is just cause to disallow the application of any surveyor or inspector to revise any statement as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said of, and they are hereby required in every such case, to disallow the same, and thereupon to compute and ascertain, or cause to be computed and ascertained, the amount of the rates and duties which by this act ought to

within 10 days, return a'schedule of 1 the particulars of 1 is income; (according to form I), in the ( ichecluie.)

One commissioner of leis than five present, or two out of five, may disallow the application, &c. of any surveyor, S.C. and the commission -cj s shall then make the assessment on the party's

be imposed upon the person giving in such statement in respect thereof, and to make an assessment upon such person accordingly, owiMlattrnent subject to such appeal from the determination of the said comas given in; missioners, by such surveyor or inspector, as herein after is mentioned*

(subject to appeal under i/71.)

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 77

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person whd shall Persons may have delivered any list, statement, or schedule, in pursuance ^th^ir^fh

this act, shall discover any error therein, it shall be lawful for such or statements person to deliver a new or additional lift, statement, or schedule, by delivering to the said of, in order to rectify such error, and if a new lift, such new or additional lift* statement, or, schedule, shall be so pr^edfng00 delivered before any proceeding shall be had to recover any (^d\\ be ^ct penalty for not delivering the same, no proceedings shall after- for any penal-wards be had for recovering any such penalty; and if any pro- tyincurred: ceeding shall have been actually had for recovering any such proceedbe penalty, it shall be lawful for the said of, upon proof commenced, being made to their satisfaction, that no fraud or evasion of this it may (on act was intended, to certify the same under the hands of any two certificate of or more of them, and upon such certificate, on application in a thTtno

summary way to the court where the same shall be commenced, fraud was in-all proceedings for recovering such penalty shall be stayed, either tended) be on payment of the costs of the proceedings then had, if any, or stayed by the without payment of such costs, as the said court shall think fit f^a^y a and adjudge.^plication.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any A trustee trustee, agent, or other person hereby required to deliver any shall not be statement or schedule of any income, of which such trustee, liable to any agent, or other person shall be in the actual receipt on behalf of penalty any other person or persons, shall deliver any statement or schedule which shall be imperfecft, declaring himself, herself, or themselves the commis-to be unable to give a more perfect statement or schedule, with (loners are the reasons for such inability, such person shall not be liable to Satisfied that any penalty for not having delivered a statement or schedule, to deliver one according to the directions of this act, in case the said com- more persect; missioners shall be satisfied that such person was, at the time of and if he de-the delivery of such statement or schedule, unable to deliver a b'ver as perfect more perfect statement or schedule, and in case such person shall, jJei^aWe1^upon the fequilition of the said of, deliver as perfect from time to a statement* or schedule as such person shall from time to time time, when be enabled to give. required by

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when- ^oen^ml*ever the time allowed by this act for delivering any statement or commission-schedule may not be sufficient for that purpose, by reason of the ers mayen-difficulty of ascertaining the particulars or amount of any income large the or otherwise, it shall be lawful for the respective of, time for de-on application to them for that purpose, to enlarge the time for ft^emenus delivering the same; and that no person shall be liable to any andfchediftes, penalty for not having delivered such statement or schedule, to any time for delivery whereof such further time shall be obtained, if the not beyond said of shall think fit so to order, and in such case all jays before proceedings for recovery of any such penalty shall be (laid, on a the first instal-summary application for that purpose to the court where such ment of the proceeding shall be commenced: provided always, That the said duty: of shall not enlarge the time for delivering such date- p^yfoulhfhad ment beyond forty days, or the time for delivering such schedule for penalties beyond thirty days before the time when the first imhlment of may be (laid

the in a funamary way.

7

Assessments shall be made (after 14 days)by the of on such schedules.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

the duty chargeable in re{pet of the income to which such statement or schedule shall relate would be payable if the same were duly charged with such duty upon a statement or schedule delivered within the time limited by this a

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said of shall cause assessments to be made and computed upon the amount of income contained in every such schedule respectively with which they shall not be dissatisfied, as soon after the expiration of fourteen days after such schedule shall be returned as

wh'ch (ha'll be ^ey conveniently can, after calling upon the party to verify the verified on same, upon oath or affirmation, if the said of shall oath if re- think the same necessary, in which case such oath or affirmation quired: but if shall be final, and conclusive; but if the said of shall be returned any instance have received no such schedule in pursuance of or an unfatis- their precept, or if they shall not be satisfied therewith, and the factory one, party shall not on the requisition of the of have veri-and refuted to fied such schedule in manner aforesaid, or if the inspector or oath^or if the ^urveYor have r made any surcharge upon any such schedule, inspector, &c. or objected to any deductions made thereupon, for the purpose has made any of discharging the same, or any part thereof, it shall be lawful for surcharge, the said of, and they are hereby required, unless they, ftmenot^dif or m2LnY t^em as are herein-before mentioned, after having allowed by the heard such reasons as the surveyor shall lay before them, fee cause commission- to disallow such surcharge or discharge, in every such case, to ers; they shall summon the party mentioned in any such schedule, or in any ftimmon the puc[1 notice or certificate of surcharge or discharge, before them able to attend to examined, and also any other person or persons whom they andbeexamin- shall think able to give information respecting the income of such ed (on three person, at a day and place to be fixed by the said of, and lfb^an^w^ich t^'iree days notice at the least shall be given to the per-other persons, ^on or persons to be summoned; and upon the appearance of such to give them'party so to be charged before the said of, or any two information, or more of acting for the said division or place, or -mine them" upon the appearance of any person or persons summoned to give evidence, to receive and take information, according to the powers vested in them by this act, from the party or other persons so summoned, and attending to give evidence touching the particulars mentioned in any such schedule, or touching any other particulars omitted to be mentioned, or of which no schedule shall have been delivered, and which ought to have been mentioned in such schedule, or on such other points as they shall think necessary to ascertain the rate and proportion with which such person ought to be charged; provided that such party shall be at liberty, at any time before he or she shall be called upon to _.verify his or her schedule on oath or solemn affirmation, as

59], and if the herein after is mentioned, to amend such schedule in all such ersare satisfi- particulars wherein he or she shall- fee occasion; and if the said ed with such of shall not be dissatisfied with such amended sche-amended dule, then an assessment shall be made and the rates and duties mass the comPuted thereupon in the manner before directed, party accord* LVIII# And

ingly.

on all points necessary to ascertain the charge to be made; but the party shall be at liberty to amend his schedule, before being required to verify it on oath [fee f.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 79

LVIII. And be it farther enacted, That every person who All the par-shall appear before the said of for the purposes of this act, in pursuance of such summons as aforesaid, for the purpose ccpt t^e party of giving any testimony or evidence touching or concerning chargeable, or any rate or assessment made or any statement or schedule delivered his confiden-in pursuance of this act, or vouching any doubt, question, or difficulty which shall arise relating thereto, (other than the party to evidence on be charged and mentioned in such schedule, or the clerk, agent, oath, or servant of, or other person confidentially entrusted or employed in the affairs of the said party), shall, before he, she, or they shall proceed to give such testimony or evidence, take an oath, or being one of the people called Quakers^ a solemn affirmation (which oath or affirmation any one or more of the said of is and are hereby authorised and required to administer) that the testimony or evidence to be given by him, her, or them,

shall contain the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, in respect of the matter or question concerning which such testimony or evidence is to be given.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That where the party men- Where the tioned in such schedule, or the clerk, agent, or servant of the Ids*"

party or other person confidentially entrusted or employed as agen\ attends, aforesaid, shall appear before the said of for the pur- the firbftance9 pose of giving such testimony or evidence, then and in every such of their evi-case the substance of the testimony or evidence given by any such ^duce^so to last mentioned person or persons shall be, and the said commis- writin^ and sioners are hereby required to cause the same to be reduced into read to them, writing, and to be read to the person or persons havirlg given and they shall such testimony or evidence, before he, she, or they shall be called upon to verify the same according to the directions of this act; thereof* but provided that in case he, she, or they shall, after such testimony they shall be or evidence shall be reduced into writing, and read over to him, first permitted her, or them, be satisfied with the substance of the matter so reduced into writing, he, she, or they shall swearor solemnly affirm JJfall no^ be1* to the truth of the substance thereof, (which oath or affirmation compelled to the said of, or any one or more of them, is and are answer any hereby authorised to administer): provided always, That any person who shall appear to give any such testimony or evidence j^remptori^r as last mentioned, shall be permitted to alter or amend any part so to do. of his or her testimony or evidence, if he or she shall think proper, before lie or (he shall be called upon to verify the same: provided also, That no such last mentioned person shall be compelled to answer any question which may be put to him or her by the said of for the purposes of this act, or any other person or persons whomsoever, before the said of in pursuance of this act; but that every such last mentioned person may decline peremptorily to answer any question whenever he or she shall think proper, without shewing or alledging any excuse for his or her so doing.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyors, several surveyors and inspectors of the present duties placed under ^enVhe* the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and in ft

for may examine

So Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

lilts of house- for any other persons who shall be appointed to act as surveyors

holders, &c. and inspectors in the execution of this act, who shall respectively

de^the^adt1" ^ave ta^en oat^ before flated, so as to bind him or them not

and amend the to disclose the particulars or evidence as aforesaid, to inspect and

same; and examine all lifts of householders, lodgers, and others, which may also in- fha 11 be returned in pursuance of this act, and to supply any

codes'of the C orni^ons which such surveyor or inspector may discover therein;

It ate merits^anc^ a to inspect and examine the several statements which shall

returned; and have been delivered in pursuance of this act; and to take such

may also ex- copies of, and extracts from, the lame, as they shall think re-

amme and quisite; and further, That it shall be lawful for such surveyors lurcnarce A g*9j

schedules of ar, d inspectors to inspect and examine any schedule of income

income re- returned to the said of, before such time as the par-

turned to the ties respectively, or witnesses, shall have been examined before

commissioner. the of touching the truth thereof, and to fur-

ties charge- charge the same according to the belt of their knowledge or in-

able are ex- formation, and to ohjedt to any deductions, or any part thereof,

amined there- for the purpose of discharging the same, which, in the judgement

ob^toan^ surveyors or inspectors, ought not to be contained in

improper3dJ- such schedule; which surcharges and discharges respectively, the

ductions said of shall take into their consideration at the time

therein; which Gf such examination of the parties or witnesses; provided that fhafkbe not^cen writing shall have been given by such surveyors or in-considered by spectors to the party to be charged, containing the particular the commis- article or articles mentioned in such schedule, to which such fur-iioners, on ex- veyor or inspector shall object; and also it shall be lawful for the 11*narmies ^aic^ surveyors and inspectors to inspect and examine any rate or but notice* a{TeAment which shall be made under the authority of this act, mutt be given and in case he or they shall find, at any time before the said com-by the survey-missioners shall have signed and allowed any assessments, any ch jmgefToft he error in the same, or any of them, which in the judgement of the particular ob- fa^ surveyors and inspectors shall require amendment, it shall be lawful for the said of, and they are hereby required, upon sufficient cause being shewn to them, to amend the same accordingly; and in case any error shall be discovered in any assessment after the same shall be allowed, it shall be lawful for the said surveyors or inspectors, and he or they is or are hereby required to certify the same to the said respective of, bvthe^om- w*10 ^ave Power to cause the same to be amended, if in missioners, in their judgement they deem an amendment requisite: provided always, That notice shall be given to the party of any amendment made in such assessment by reason of such surcharges or

je<tions to the schedule: surveyors,

&c. may also inspefr the affc Aments previous to their

oi der to their being amended, and after

allowance the discharges, in order that he may appeal from the same; and the

afle Aments may also be amended on certificate from the fur

respective of for hearing and determining appeals shall also have notice thereof, who are hereby respectively required, upon such notice, to appoint, from time to time, in manner herein-before directed, days for hearing all appeals made for vevors, &c.to any of the causes last mentioned, in such manner and at such the commis* times, within the periods before limited, as shall be convenient; boners: no- provided also, That no appeal from any assessment to be made amendment by v>rtue this a<3} shall retard the execution of this act so far or assessments

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 81

as relates to the levying the rates and duties contained in such be given assessment^ but that it shall be lawful for the respective officers to the party employed in the collection of the respective rates or duties hereby ^to

imposed, to cause the same to be levied in the mean time, and f10rters of ap_ until such appeals shall be determined, as if no such appeals, peals, who had been made: provided always, That after the determination shall appoint of such appeals, the said respective of for the pur- times for hear-poses of this act, shall cause the assessments so appealed against thereon^but to be amended according to such determination, and the subse- no appeal quest payments to be adjusted thereby, so that the full sums set- shall retard tied by the said of for hearing and determining appeals, and no more, shall be paid within the year. which shall be

re-amended where necessary by the of, after such appeals are determined, so that the proper rate shall be paid within the year.

LXL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if upon Where the the determination of any such appeals, it shall appear to the said payments of that the payments already made upon any such assessment, or any part thereof, should be repaid, as being more for one year> than the full sum which the party assessed ought to pay within on a certi-the year, or that the party ought not to have been charged there- cate from the with under this act, it shall be lawful for the said of to rectify the assessments as the cases shall respectively require, the receiver*and thereupon to grant certificates thereof, dating therein re- general (halt spectively the amount of the sums to be repaid; and upon therePaythe production of any such certificate to the receiver general of the to

county, riding, or place, where the same shall have been granted, ^or to his deputy, if in England^ or to the receiver general of Scotland, the said receiver general respectively shall cause the amount guch purvev-contained in such certificate to be paid out of any monies in his ors> &c# may hands of the rates and duties hereby granted. examine pa-

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for rj(h rates,

the said respective surveyors and inspectors, being sworn as aforesaid, to examine and insped any parochial rates or assessments, 1by authority

so far as relates to the amount or rate at which any person may from three

be assessed therein; and also any list, or pannel of jurors, or per- commission-

fons fit to serve on juries, in the custody of any publick officer^. o^ke

or officers; and also for any inspector or surveyor, having autho- mSy requ'jre

rity for that purpose under the hands of three or more of the from the pro-

of for the affairs of taxes, to require from the pro- Per officer of

per officer having in his custody any accounts of a publick na- corPoratlons> r...&.. J J.r copies ot ac-

ture belonging to or kept by any corporation or company, a counts reja_

copy of such part or parts thereof as may relate to the income of tiveto the

any person or persons, or any member or members of such cor- income of

poration or company, who shall have received any dividends or robbers re-j j*ceiving divi-

interest from the funds or (lock of such corporation or company, (lends from

or shall be entitled to the same. their (lock.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That after such exami-After examination taken before the commissioners for the purposes of this nation of any ad as aforesaid, or in case any person appearing before the said ah[^Qr\m; afe of shall decline to answer any question put to him or Gf his non-her by the said of, or being summoned shall not ap- appearance ot pear before the said of to be examined, it shall be retufal to be1

Vol. XLII. G lawful examined, the

82 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13, [1798.

commission- lawful for the said of, and they are hereby required, tain^hisrates' accor(bng to the best of their judgement, to settle and ascertain and make ann w^at sums such person ought to be charged, and to make an assessment on assessment accordingly; and that when and as soon as the said him; and fend of shall have signed and allowed any assessments to fam^to^he C mac^e by v*rtue of this act, they shall cause copies of such af-collectors and feffments, signed by two or more of the said of, to to the com- be made out and transmitted to the respective collectors, ap-missioners of pointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, in each parish or place Oialfwbbin t^e divisions of the said respective of, and also warrants to another copy thereof to the commissioners for hearing and de-the collectors, termining appeals for the county or place where fuqh assessment who shall give shall be made; and the said respective of, for the pur-amoun^of the P^es this ac^? shall issue out their warrants to the collectors as assessment to herein after is required, according as the same shall become pay-theparty able, at the expiration of seven days after flgning and allowing charged. the said assessments, and the collectors, to whom a copy of such assessment shall be delivered, shall forthwith cause notice in writing of the amount of each person's assessment to be given to the person or persons respectively charged, or left at his or her last or usual place of residence in the parish or place for which such assessment shall have been made, in pursuance of this act. Persons ag- JLXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-gneved by fons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any rate or and fl^vevors ^flonent to be made by virtue of this act, or if in any case where dissatisfied a schedule shall have been delivered, and a subsequent examina-with the de- tion shall have taken place as herein-before directed, (except termination of where the party or parties to be charged shall have verified his, sioners^on a her, or their schedule, or shall have answered on oath or affirma-schedule deli- tion all such questions as shall have been demanded of him, her, vered, (except or them, by the said respective of), any surveyor or where it is inspector shall be dissatisfied with the determination of the said oath^mall of for the purposes of this act, it shall be lawful for appeal; the such surveyor or inspector, within forty days after such afleffi-surveyor, ment shall be made, and for such party or parties respectively, within40days within fourteen days after notice of any assessment made upon assessment him, her* Gr ^em> by virtue of this act, shall have been given made, and the or left as aforesaid, but not afterwards, unless special cause be party within shewn to the satisfaction of the commissioners of appeals as herein 14 days after \s mentioned, to appeal to the of appointed to hear -t-toere- an(j determine appeals for the county, riding, shire, stewartry, afterwards, or place where the matter of such appeal shall arise, giving ten unless on spe- days notice thereof at the lead to the said of; and cial cause the said last; mentioned of may, on any such appeal ^r^iffion^ being entered, summon any person or persons, either on the part ers of appeal, of the party or parties a(Tefled, or any other person, or persons giving 10days whom the said of shall judge able to give them in-notice. formation respecting the particulars mentioned in such schedule. The said com* or on such other points as they shall think necessary for ascer-missioners taining the due proportions which such party or parties af-the^ ar^H1011 ought to pay by virtue of this act; and the said last men-charged, and tioned

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 83

tioned of are hereby authorised and required to hear witnesses; and determine all such appeals duly made within the time be-^ap!r" fore limited, and to make such amendment in the assessment of peai? may the party appealing or appealed against, either by increasing or amend the diminishing the sum assessect, as to the said of shall, assessment. under all circumstances proved to them, appear just and equi-If the party table: provided always, That where the party assessed appeals assessed ap- from such assessment, or in case of an appeal by the surveyor or sue^Lyor t&c. inspector where the party appealed against shall not have deli- where no vered a schedule to the commissioners for the purposes of this schedule is aft, such party shall, ten days at lead previous to the hearing of delivered), he such appeal, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the said last mentioned of, or their clerk, having taken the oath the hearing, herein-before prescribed, a schedule of particulars, in writing, of deliver to the his, her, or their income, according to the form in the schedule commission-to this act annexed, marked (D.); and the said of o^theirfwom shall not be at liberty to relieve from the said assessment, or to clerk a^ make any abatement therein, unless the party or parties assessed dule of his shall, at the time of hearing such appeal, verify the schedule of income; particulars delivered by him, her, or them, either on oath or af- afford.firmation taken before the said of, or on affidavit ed\im ^nless made and taken according to the directions of this act, nor un- he verify the less the party or parties assessed, or such agent, clerk, or servant schedule on of such party or parties assessed, as the said of shall require to be examined, or some credible witness or witnesses on agentt shall^the behalf of such party or parties assessed, shall, to the satisfac- answer all tion of the said of, answer all such questions, and questions produce such conveyances, instruments, writings, and docu- ashed, and ments, relative to the income of such party or parties assessed, as Stines the of shall judge necessary to enable them to ascer- demanded by tain the true sum in which the said party or parties assessed the conamif-ought to charged. sioners.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Though a any case where the party assessed shall have verified the particu- party swearto lars contained in his or her schedule of income upon oath, and where the surveyor or inspector shall nevertheless apprehend the may^nfde-determination made by the said of to be contrary to daring hini-the true intent and meaning of this act, or that they have dif- felfdiffitisfied allowed any surcharge, or allowed any deduction contrary to the with the corn-fame, and shall then declare himself dissatisfied with such deter- dete^mfna-mination, it shall and maybe lawful for such surveyor or in- tion, demand speftor to require the said of to state specially and a case from sign the case upon which the question arose, together with their them, to be determination thereupon; which case the said of, or commission-the major part of them then present, are hereby required to state ers. of appeal, and sign accordingly, and to cause the same to be by him trans- according to mitted to the of of appeal, who are hereby required, whoseopi--with all- convenient speed, to return an answer to the case so shall

transmitted, with their opinion thereupon subscribed thereto, settled, according to which opinion so certified, the assessment, which

G 2 shall

84

In appeals on behalf of persons abroad, or prevented from attending by sickness, &c. the of may postpone the hearing, or admit other proof of the schedule than the party's oath; and may stop the levying of the fam assessed. Persons refilling or neglecting to make out and deliver lifts and statements re-

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

shall have been the cause of such appeal, shall be altered or confirmed.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if appeal shall be made by virtue of this act on the behalf of any person or persons who shall be absent out of the realm, or be prevented by sickness or other sufficient cause from attending in person the hearing of such appeal, it shall be lawful for the commissioners for hearing and determining such appeal to poflpone from time to time the hearing of such appeal, or to admit other proof of the schedule than the oath or affirmation of such party, if the said of shall be satisfied of the truth of the reason alledged for such delay or admission of other proof; and further, that it shall also be lawful for the said of to direct the levying of the sum so assessed to be stayed until the determination of the appeal postponed for any cause before mentioned.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person required in pursuance of this act to make out and deliver any list, statement, or schedule herein described, shall neglect or refuse to make out and sign such lift, statement, and schedule, or either of them, as the case may require, and deliver or cause the same to be delivered to the assessor or assessors within the time herein mentioned, he or she so refuting or offending shall, for every

quired, to for- such default or offence, forfeit a sum not exceeding the sum of

feu not ex- twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered eeeding aol. under the said^Qr this

Commissioners under this r.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the of

act shall be for hearing and determining appeals, in any county, riding, assessed by the shire, stewartry, or place, shall assess all and every the commis-commissioners sioners for the purposes of this act, within the same county,

or place; or within any city, town, or delivered by pl*ce being a county of itself, situate within such county, riding, commission- shire, stewartry or place; and whenever any list or statement ers, shall be shall be delivered in pursuance of this act by any such commis-th^commis ^10ner for ^ie purposes thereof, or on his behalf, or on his default, sioners Of'such lift or statement shall be forthwith transmitted to the commissioners for hearing and determining appeals for such county.

appeal, who shall act in all riding, shire, stewartry, or place, who shall have authority, and such respects -

as of, do in others; certificates of

are hereby required to assess and determine the sum which such commissioner ought to contribute in pursuance of this act; and

such of for hearing and determining appeals shall and may aft in all respects therein in the same manner, and have

ments^hTll be anc^ u^e same powers and authorities in all respects therein,

transmitted to as of for the purposes of this act can or may aft,

the commit- and have and use, in cases of other persons having any income,

sioners, to be chargeable by virtue of this act: provided always, That the said

returned^and cornm^oners for hearing and determining appeals shall transmit,

the assessment or cause to be transmitted, a certificate of the assessment so to

levied and be made to the commissioners for the purposes of this act, in

collected, as in order that the amount thereof may be certified in the duplicates other cases. Of

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 85

of assessments to be made out and returned in pursuance of this act, and collected and levied accordingly.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any commissioner If commis-for the purposes of this act shall think himself aggrieved by any loners or rate or assessment to be made by the said of for hear- of^peaUhhik ing and determining appeals by virtue of this act, or if any com- themselves missioner for hearing and determining appeals shall think himself aggrieved by aggrieved by the rate or assessment to be made by the said com- the assessment missioners for the purposes of this act, it shall and may be law- JJ^ach^the ful for such respective commissioner, within fourteen days after respectively, notice of any such assessment made upon him by virtue of this they may ap-act, to appeal to the commissioners for hearing and determining appeals to be appointed in and for some county, riding, shire, or commissioners stewartry immediately adjoining the county, riding, shire, or Of appeal for stewartry, where such cause of appeal shall arise, at the election some adjoining of the party preferring such appeal; and it shall be lawful for the county> said last mentioned of of appeal to hear and determine the matter so referred to them, in the same manner, in all respects, as if the cause of appeal had arisen in the county, riding, shire, or stewartry for which they shall be so appointed of of appeal as aforesaid.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case Commission-any differences or disputes shall arise between the said commis- vote^on any sioners for the purposes of this act, or between the of disputed point for hearing and determining appeals, respecting the rates or in cases of in-assessments to be made by virtue of this act, in respect of income come, mwhich arising from any property wherein any of the said respective ^ftedVVther" of shall or may be concerned or interested, or shall direffly, or as be trustee, agent, receiver, guardian, committee, or curator, to trustees; and any person so concerned or interested, the commissioner who shall if there be not be so concerned or interested, in such rate or assessment, or hefted Vo m-shall be such trustee, agent, receiver, guardian, committee, missioners, the or curator, shall have no voice, but shall withdraw until it question may shall be determined by the rest of the of, and if be determined there shall not be two of not interested as aforesaid, ^QnCeVgn^Vn then the matter in dispute shall be determined by of adjoining divi-acting in any adjoining division, or, where the case shall require (ion, &c. the same, in any adjoining county, riding, shire, or stewartry.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if the said of shall disallow the application of any surveyor or inspector Case difaflow* to proceed upon any surcharge, or upon any representation or application of certificate of any erroneous assessment, it shall be lawful for such a surveyor, &c. surveyor or inspector, or any surveyor or inspector to be appointed cdR)r*ma^UC- in his stead, to appeal against the decision of such of fort to^J re' to the of of appeal, and to require the judgement of of the said of of appeal whether there is sufficient rea- of appeal, and son to proceed upon such surcharge or representation; and in case the said of of appeal shall be of opinion that there is vour/they a" sufficient reason to proceed upon such surcharge or representation, shall refer back they shall refer the matter back to the of who origi- to thecom-

e 2 nally loners, to

86 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.

[1798, '

as if they nally decided thereon, and such of shall, according to ahowedfuch^ t^e direction of such of of appeal, proceed upon the application, application of such surveyor or inspector, in such manner as they would have done if they had originally decided in the same manner as the said of of appeal shall have thought fit to direct.

The firstaflefT-

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the first assessment

made fircone to mac*e ^Y virtue of this act shall be made for one year, at year from the respective rates before-mentioned, from the fifth day of April

April 5, 1799, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the fifth day to April 5, of Aprilone thousand eight hundred; and every subsequent assess-ever Hfu^ ment ^all macle for one year, fro the fifth day of April yearly; sequent year; and t^e Several sums assessed by any such assessment shall be pay-payable by fixable in fix instalments at the times following; videlicet, The fifth equal mftal- day Gf June, the fifth day of August, the fifth day of October, the ne^6^h of December, the fifth day of February, and the fifth day

and to be paid of April yearly, by even and equal portions; the first of the said within ten instalments to be payable on the fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the payments shall be made within ten days from the day when the iapne shall be payable by virtue of this act; and it shall be lawful for the respective of for the purposes of this act to issue out and deliver to the collectors appointed to collect the duties on houses, windows, for levying the or lights, or any other the duties under the management of the same; and all of for the affairs of taxes for the time being, their

days of each day of instalment.

Warrants to be ifilled by of

arrears to be debts of record to the King.

warrants for the speedy collecting and levying the said rates as? the same shall become payable, by fix instalments, commencing in each year from the fifth day of Aprils yearly, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and that such part thereof as cannot befo levied and collected, shall be recoverable as a debt

upon record to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every householder and occupier as aforesaid shall be liable to be charged to the rate hereby granted, in the parish or place of his or her residence, at the time of the execution of this act, in giving general notice as herein required, in respect of the whole of his or her income chargeable by virtue of this act, although such person shall have property, or shall exercise or carry on any profession, office, em-Everyhouse- ployment, trade, or vocation, or shall receive any pension or holder, &c. stipend, in any other parish or place, unless such person shall have ^to^he^'ate" anot^er place or places of ordinary residence in some other parish on the whole or place? or parishes or places; and shall give notice thereof in of his income, manner herein after mentioned; and that every assessment made in his place of upon any person as a trustee, agent, or receiver, guardian, tutor, the tfm^o/the curator5or committee, on the behalf of any other person or persons, general notice or uPn any chamberlain, treasurer, clerk, or other officer, adfing under this act. as treasurer, auditor, or receiver, for the time being, of any cor-[See f. 44-h poration, company, fraternity, or society as aforesaid, on the behalf Cdes^IfeVhVre corPorat*ori, company, fraternity, or society, shall also be

[feeSthe next charged in the parish or place where such trustee, agent, receiver,

1.] everyafieff- guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, or such chamberlain, tfaent made on treasurer,

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 87

treasurer, clerk, or other officer as aforesaid, shall reside at the time a trustee, or of the commencement of the execution of this act in each year of a corora^ unless notice of his or her ordinary refrdence in some other parish tion> ^\\ be or place shall be given as herein is directed; and all persons not chargedinthe being householders or occupiers as aforesaid, nor having a cer- place where tain place of residence, shall be charged at the place where they ^refutes shall be resident at the time of the execution of this act as afore- all persons not said; and every such charge made in the parish or place of such being house-residence, at the time of the execution of this act as last afore- holders shall said, shall be valid and effectual, notwithstanding the subsequent J^eir place of removal of any such person from such parish or place, unless a no- aauaj refu tice thereof shall be given to the assessors as herein after dire6fed; dence; and the and if any person who ought to be charged by virtue of this act assessment shall, at the timeofhisor her assessment, beoutof the realm, such person shall be rated for the same in such parish or place where landing their he or she was last ordinarily resident, or abiding within this realm, removal, un-if the same shall be known, or otherwise, where he or she shall less on notice, have any property unless his or her agent or receiver shall be desirous of being aiielied in any other place, and mail give notice be rated at thereof in manner herein after mentioned. their last place

of residence if known; or where their property is; unless on desire of their agent to be affected elsewhere.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every person ordi- Persons refid* narily residing in any other parish or place than the parish or place of his or her residence at the time of service of notice to than^vhere him or her, or to the householder of the dwelling house where they receive such person did reside at the time of such service, or at the time notice, or re-of such general notice as aforesaid, and every person removing foalT

from the parish or place where he or she did reside at the time nJtice of of such service, being respectively desirous not to be charged in their removal such parish or place, shall give notice thereof to the aflbffors of to an assessor: the said parish or place, or one of them; and if any person shall remove from the parish or place of his or her residence without giving such notice, and with intent to evade the payment of the rates hereby granted, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered under the said first-recited act; and the removal shall not in such case affect the assessment to be made in the parish or place of such his or her last residence.

removing without notice with intent to evade the duties, shall incur the penalty of 50l. and the assessment shall re* main in force.

LXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every person having two or more dwelling houses, and residing in different divisions of of for the purposes of this act, shall, in each of such divisions, be required to deliver, in manner before directed, a fiatement of the y/hole sum which he or she is willing to contribute, or a declaration in lieu thereof, declaring in what other place he or she is desirous of being charged; and such person may, at the time of delivering such ffatement or declaration, elect to pay the whole of the rate in either of such divisions, on giving notice in writing of such his or her intention to the respective assessors within the parishes or places where such dwelling houses are situate, or Persons residing in different divisions shall deliver a statement of their proposed contribution in each, or a declaration in what other place they are to be charged; and may eletft either to pay the whole in one division,

88 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

or in propor-

may elect to pay the same by payments to be made in dif-botT^visions" ferent divisions, in such proportions as the party shall in such if they neglect* notices express; provided that if in any such case no statement shall to give a pro- be delivered, or a declaration in lieu thereof, nor any notice shall per statement be given as before directed, at the time of the delivery of any*atement ^en an<^ ever>7 such case, an assessment upon the whole

b/charge cTirf of income of such person shall be made in each division where each division, such dwelling houses are Situated; provided that any person who but relievable shall be over-rated by reason thereof shall be relieved therefrom, makn?6 such^ upon aPPea^i on proof before the respective of, of the election. amount of such overcharge upon such appellant, and upon his or her making an election where the rates which ought to be charged upon such person shall be paid*

1{rafr>drfon

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That parish IhalTbe^any person or persons, having been assessed in any parish or again affected place for his or her income, shall be again assessed in any other inanother, the parish or place in respect of the same income, in every such case of the commissioners for the purpose of this act, acting for the ffialTgrantffim Par*1^1 or pLce where such person or persons shall elect to pay Ids, her, or their contribution, or two of them at the lead:, shall, on any application for that purpose, grant a certificate of such assessment, signed by them, gratis; and upon proof of such assessment before the of acting for such other parish or place, either by the production of such certificate, or in default thereof by other evidence to their satisfaction, the said last mentioned of shall cause the assessment of

a certificate thereof, and the other assessment fh dl be vacated.

such person or persons so again assessed to be amended or vacated, as the case may require, so that such person or persons shall not be charged more than by this act he, she, or they ought to be charged.

Income shall in all cases be t ftimated according to the diredbons of this act and the schedule annexed, or according to the best of the knowledge and belief of the party.

Where income is diminished by any speci-sick cause, of may allow an abatement.

LXX VK. rfnd in order that the estimates of annual income chargeable by virtue of this act may be made according to known rules\ and with as much uniformity as the respective cases will admits be it further enacted, That in all cases the income chargeable by virtue of this act shall be estimated according to the rules and directions prescribed by this act, and the schedule hereunto annexed, as- far as the same respectively are applicable to such income; and in all cases where the same are not applicable, then according to the best of the knowledge and belief of the person whose duty it shall be to estimate or compute such income, whether such estimate shall be made by any person chargeable by virtue of this act, on his or her own account, or on the account of any other, or as an officer in the execution of his duty, as prescribed by this act; but that it shall not be lawful, in computing such income, to make any other or greater deductions therefrom than such as are expressly enumerated in this act, or in the schedule hereunto annexed, nor to make any deductions which by the schedule or the act are directed not to be made.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person shall prove, to the satisfaction of the respective of before-mentioned, that his or her income chargeable

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 89

able by virtue of this act has been diminished from any specifickfficomearifing

cause arising after the time when such income ought to be com-

puted according to this act, it shall be lawful for the said respective &c/shall be

of to make such abatement as to them shall seem just estimated in respect of such diminution of income. either accord-

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That any income arising ing t(?the,

# 7 j o actu?il produce

from any profession, office, pension, stipend, employment, trade, ]n the preced-

or vocation, shall be estimated either according to the actual pro- ing year, or

duce of the same profession, office, pension, stipend, employment, on the ave-

trade, or vocation, in the year immediately preceding such efti- Reproduce 7.5 rJ.'ci' 1  of three years

mate, or by an average of the produce or the three years imme- preceding, in

diately preceding, at the option of the party to be charged in the option of

respect thereof, and subject to diminution within the current the party sub-

year, in the manner, provided by the said recited act, every *5:

r \ J. ? ri r n/j r n i.J HUt 1011 Within

such year ending on the thirty-hrli day of December in each year, current

or at such time of the year as the accounts of such income have year. [See

been usually made up or completed for that year, or the same Schedule A.

had been received. 15th case, j

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That where in any case wher.e in-

r r r 5, J r come is efo-

the income or any person or persons, or any part thereof, in mated on an

whatever manner arising, shall be estimated upon any average of average of

years according to the directions of this act, such person or per- years, no

fons shall not be entitled to any abatement or allowance in the ^a1^Tier?1t

r, r J, r c*1 in all be allovr-

current or any subsequent year, by reason or any variation in the ecj t^e

amount of the income so arising, nor for any specifick cause, other current year,

than, in such cases where such person or persons shall cease to be except where

possessed of the property, office, pension, or stipend, or shall cease tobe

to be engaged in the profession, trade, or employment, from podded of

which such income, or part of income, shall have arisen. the property,

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be law- or to be en-

ful for any persons engaged in any trade or manufacture, in filling

up the statement or schedule of the particulars of their income, whence his

or onotherwise computing, in pursuance of this act, their income income arises.

arising from such trade or manufacture, to make any deductions No deduction

therefrom on account of any sums employed, or intended to be shall be made

employed in improvements or as capital, or on account of interest frorn the

for the capital by them employed therein, unless for interest, which lt"^ers <Sx

they are bound to pay to other persons for the same; nor for any for sum*s

sum expended by them in the course of any one year (in which the employed in

estimate of average thereof shall be taken) for repairs of premises improve-

occupied for the purpose of such trade or maufa-Cture, or for the sup- or as

r.r.r. /--i r 1 r capital, or as

ply, or repairs, or alterations of any implements, or untenhis, or ar- interest of

tides employed for the purpose of such trade or manufacture, beyond capital, (tx-

the amount of the sum usually expended for such purposes, ac- cePt where

cording to an average of three years preceding the year to which such computation shall relate; nor shall it be lawful for any per- nor for repairs,

son engaged in trade or manufacture, and having property not implements,

employed as capital therein, to make any deduction from the &c* beyond

income arising from the property not employed as capital, by^fico

reason of any diminution of the capital so employed, during the preceding

period for which such computation shall be made. years, nor from property not employed as capital by reason of any diminution of capital.

90 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

Partner may

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

be jointly any persons engaged in any trade or manufacture, or in any ad-charged in J r J n ., 7 lX.7.

respect of their venture or concern, in partnership together, may be jointly

joint incomes, charged to the Paid rates and duties, in respect of their joint income arising from such trade or manufacture, or such adventure or concern, under the firm or description of their Paid business, and that the return of any one of the Paid partners, on behalf of himself and the others for that purpose, shall be sufficient authority for the said of to charge such partners jointly in respect of their income arising from such trade or manufacture, or such adventure or concern, but nevertheless wholly distincSf from any charge which may be made upon such persons, or any of them, in respect of any other income belonging to them, or any of them.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if amongst any persons engaged in trade or manufacture, in partnership together, any change shall take place in any partnership, either by death or dissolution of partnership, as to all or any of the partners, or by admitting any other partner therein, within the period when the computation of income ought to be made under this act, or

and the return of one partner shall be sufficient; such charge shall be clif-tinct from that on their separate incomes.

In case of changes in partnership, the charges on the partnership, and on the part-

diminution is shewn to the of.

or^o^ing inUt ^e^ore t'me the assessment under this act, or if

shall remain 3 any person shall have succeeded to any trade or manufacture, or the same; un* any adventure or concern, within such respective periods as cause fo6^0^ aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said respective of, cau e or anc] tjiey^ ancj a]fQ party or parties interested, and every officer acting in the execution of this act, shall compute and ascertain the income of such partnership, or any of such partners, or any person succeeding to such trade or manufacture, or adventure or concern, according to the income derived during the respective periods before-mentioned, notwithstanding such change therein or succession to such business as aforesaid, unless such partners or partner, or such person succeeding to such business as aforesaid, shall prove, to the satisfaction of the said respective of, that the income of such person or persons hath fallen short, or will fall short, for some specifick cause to be alledged to them, since such change^ or succession took place, or by reason thereof.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which the title to any income shall be uncertain, either by reason of any contingency to which the same may be subject, or by reason of any dispute concerning the same, or for any other

Where the title to

inco ne is uncertain, or in dispute, the

actual receiver cause, then such income shall be chargeable under this act fepa* rately, according to the amount thereof, and the person or persons (if any) who shall be in the receipt of such income, whether on his or her own account, or on the behalf of any other person or persons, shall deliver a statement thereof accordingly, and shall pay the sums chargeable in respect thereof out of such income; and in case such income shall be under the controul or direction of any court of equity, or other court, in any suit denial! give a ifatement thereof, and pay the duty thereon; and courts of equity may give the proper directions, on application of trustees, as to

pending, or otherwise, such court shall give the necessary directions for ascertaining the amount of such income, and payment

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 91

of the duty chargeable thereon, upon application in a summary property way of any trustee or trustees, or any person or persons inter- connoul^ died therein, or any agent or receiver intruded with the receipt thereof, or of any surveyor or inspector acting in the execution of this act.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all income be-Income of in longing to any infant, or other person or persons, which shall be under the direction or controul of any court of equity or other ot- C0Urts of court, in any suit depending or otherwise, shall be charged and equity, &c. assessect, under the direction of such court, in all cases in which shall be a fief-such income cannot be otherwise charged and assessed under this and the act; and such court shall give all necessary directions for such thereon under purpose, and for payment of the duties which shall be so charged the direction and assessect, in the same manner as is herein-before directed with of such court, respect to income under the controul of any court, the title where to shall be uncertain.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all proceedings Proceedings in any court, for the purpose of charging any such income as in such cales aforesaid, and obtaining payment of the duties chargeable there- kj-flteeo^ on, shall be free of stamp duties, and all fees and charges attend- 1 ing the same, except for writing,

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Revenues of bodies politick or corporate, companies, fraternities, or societies of persons, whether corporate or not corporate, shall be entitled ^aye to unto any annual income to the respective amounts before speci- charitable fied, (other than and besides any income applicable to charit- purposes, shall able purposes), such annual income (not applicable to charitable purposes only) shall be chargeable with such and the like jncomes# rates as any other annual income of the same amount will, under and by virtue of this act, be chargeable with.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That No corpora-no such bodies politick or corporate, companies, fraternities, or so- chargeable cieties aforesaid, shall be charged or chargeable, in respect of any respect of income* which, according to the rules or regulations of such income appli-corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies, shall be appli- cable to cable to charitable purposes, or to the payment of any annual rtof^nor Uie" dividends or interest to arise and become payable to any indivi- dividends on"* dual members of such corporations or publick companies, or to which are paid any other persons or publick bodies, having any share, right, or to individual title of, in, or to any capital stock or other property belonging f^j^dW?: to such corporations or publick companies, nor in respect of dends shall be which any dividends or interest shall, according to such rules and chargeable in regulations, become payable; provided that such person or per-the hands of fons, corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies, to whom ^t]^thereto*such dividends or interest shall be payable, shall be charged and as they are v chargeable in respect thereof, according to the amounts thereof, payable, ex-and the rates before specified, as and when the same shall be re- cept dividends ceived by them respectively, other than and except dividends and interest the property of persons not the subjects of his Majesty, rcfu^nt in and not resident in this kingdom, and that an account of the this kingdom; amount of such dividends and interest be delivered to such in- the amount of

spector wil, dl 1610

92 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

delivered to spector or surveyor as shall be authorised for that purpose under ^c^n^ther* t^e ^anc's t^iree or more of the commissioners for the affairs of same manner taxes> upon demand thereof, by the same persons, and in the as statements same manner, as the statements of the income of such cor-of income porations, companies, fraternities, and societies, are required to under this abe delivered. K 4

No corporate

LXXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no be^charC*e?for corPorate c*ty borough, town, or place, shall be liable to be income^appro- charged in respect of such portion of the income belonging to priated to the such corporation as shall be appropriated by any act, statute, or bye law, towards defraying the expences incident to the civil government of such corporation, and that no body politick, corporate, or collegiate, shall be liable to be charged in respect of such part of its income which by virtue of any private statutes or charter, or of any will or other instrument of endowment belonging to or for the establishment or confirmation of the constitution of such body, politick, corporate, or collegiate, shall be appropriated to the maintainance, subsistence, or advancement of any matters, fellows, students, or members thereof; provided annuall andn evel7 ca^e where such exemption shall be claimed, an the parties account thereof shall be made up in the usual form for each year benefited shall during the term herein mentioned and allowed by the said com-

expences of its government, nor collegiate bodies, &c. for income applied to the maintenance of fellows, &c. but the accounts shall be made up

be charged.

The proper officer of corporations within a8 days of each general notice shall deliver to the inspector, &c,

missioners, and that the persons to whose use such income shall be applied, shall be chargeable in respect thereof, as in other cases under this aL

XC. And be it further enacted, That the chamberlain, treasurer, clerk, or other officer acting as treasurer, auditor, or receiver for the time being, of every such corporation, company, fraternity, or society, shall, and he is hereby required, within twenty-eight days after the publication of such general notice as herein mentioned, in the parish or place wherein the office of such

a statement of chamberlain, treasurer, clerk, or other officer, shall be situate, to

the annual income of such corporation, according to the form in schedule B. specifying what pjrt of such income is not chargeable; such statements to be

make out and deliver to the inspector or surveyor duly authorised as aforesaid, a statement of the annual income of such corporation, company, fraternity, or society, according to the form specified in the schedule to this act annexed, marked (B.), and shall also specify in such statement how much and what proportion of such annual income is not chargeable by virtue of this aeft upon such corporation, company, fraternity, or society, and for what purposes the income, not chargeable as aforesaid, is or shall be applicable; and such inspectors or surveyors are hereby required to transmit such statement to the respective clerks to the commissioners for the purposes of this act, in the manner herein directed as to

transmitted by statements of householders and others charged to the said rates

the inspetftor, &c. to the of clerks. Trustees and officers of corporations a lie fled, may retain the

by virtue of this ah

XCI. And be it further enacted, That where any person, being trustee, agent, or receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, of or for any person or persons having any income which shall be chargeable by virtue of this aeft, or any chamberlain, treasurer, clerk, or other officer of any corporation, company, fraternity, or society, having any such income as aforesaid, shall

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 93

be assessed by virtue of this act, to contribute any sum or sums amount of in respect of such income, then and in every such case it shall be^ut!5s out. lawful for every such person who shall be so afleffect, by and out comm^to of such annual income as shall come to his or her hands or hand their hands; as such trustee, agent, or receiver, guardian, tutor, committee, or and shall be curator as aforesaid, or as such chamberlain, treasurer, clerk, or other officer, to retain so much and such part of such annual ^ents made income as shall from time to time be sufficient to pay such assess- under this ment; and every such trustee, agent, or receiver, guardian, tutor, committee, or curator, chamberlain, treasurer, clerk, or other officer, shall be, and they are hereby respectively indemnified against all and every person and persons, corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies whatsoever, for all payments which they shall respectively make out of such income, in pursuance and by virtue of this act.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That if any person who Persons frau* ought to be charged by virtue of this act shall, by changing or avoiding the having changed his or her place of residence, or by converting being charged or having converted his or her property, or any part thereof, under this or by fradulently releasing, assigning, or conveying, or having by change fraudulently released, assigned, or conveyed the same, or any ir\fce^part thereof, or by making and delivering any such schedule or abode, or account as aforesaid which shall be false; or having any property converting yielding an income, shall fraudulently convert, or shall have their property, fraudulently converted the same, or any part thereof, by altering f fa\V^rins or having altered any security with relation to such property, or account, or by fraudulently rendering or having rendered the same, or any changing the part thereof, temporarily unproductive of such income, in order Securities of that such person may not be charged for the same, or any part and rendering* thereof, or by any falsehood, fraud, covin, art, or contrivance the same whatsoever, already used or practised, or to be used or praCfifed, unproductive, shall not be charged and assessed according to the true intent and or by any meaning of this act, every such person shall, on proof thereof, Whatever CC before any two or more of the said respective of, be practised or charged and afleffect, for the purposes of this aO, double the to be practised, amount of the charge which ought to have been made on such shall be person (if no such charge shall have been made); and if any such charge shall have been made which shall be less than the charge which ought to have been made on such person, then such person shall be assessed and charged, for the purposes of this act, over and above such former charge, double the amount of the difference between the sum with which such person shall have been charged, and the sum with which he or she ought to have been

charged..Where an

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That where any rate or assessment is assessment shall have been made in pursuance of any statement made on a or schedule of income by any person or persons, without examination on oath of such person or persons, before the said com- examination, missioners for the purposes of this act, and the said of of the party shall at any time, within six months after such rate and assessment on oath, the made, receive information that such person or persons was or ^ncreafe8

were the assessment

94

at any time within six months, on notice to the party, who may appeal as in other cases.

If in case of a tenant at rack rent it appears that the rules (in schedule A. nth case) do not apply, an assessment may be made (on application of a surveyor, or of the tenant) on his afrual profits:

and in all

instancGS of income from lands in Scotland let at a rack rent, the tenant's income may be Hated and computed in that manner j and the of may call to their afiUtance the information of occupiers and ftirveyors of

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

were not thereby fully assessed according to the proportion of his, her, or their income, which ought to be contributed in pursuance of this act, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said of for the purposes of this act to charge such person or persons such sum or sums of money as, together with the sum before assessed, shall make up the full amount of the sum which he, she, or they ought to have contributed in pursuance of this ac, and the said of shall cause notice to be given thereof to the person or persons who shall be so charged, and appoint a day and time for him, her, or them, to appear and shew cause why an assessment should not be made according to such charge; and in case the said charge shall (after the hearing of the party or parties, or in default of his, her, or their appearing at the day and time appointed) be established, the said of shall proceed to assess the same upon the person or persons so charged, and dire<S the manner and proportions in which the same shall be raised: provided always, That it shall be lawful for the person or persons who shall be so charged to appeal against such last mentioned assessment in the same manner as is herein directed in other cases where an appeal is allowed.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That if in any instance of lands demised at rack rent it shall appear to the said respective of, that either by reason of such lands having been let for any term of years more then seven years prior to the year in which such computation shall be made, or for any other specifick cause to be alledged to and allowed by such of, the rules contained in the said schedule for estimating the income arising from such lands are not applicable, or will not give a fair and just estimate of the income of such person, it shall be lawful for such of, either on the application of the surveyor or inspector, or of such tenant, to cause an assessf-ment to be rr^ade upon such tenant in proportion to the adluaL gains and profits received by such tenant within the year, or on an average of three years preceding which such computation shall be made, and at the respective rates before mentioned: provided always, That in every instance of income arising from lands in Scotland, demised at rack rent as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such tenant, in making out his statement, to compute and ascertain, and the said respective of, on the application of such tenant, shall compute and ascertain such income in proportion to the adUial gains and profits which such tenant of lands in Scotland shall have acquired within the year, or on an average of three years preceding which such computation shall be made; and that when any inquiry into the income of any such tenant shall be to be made, the said respective of may be at liberty to call to their assistance any two or more occupiers of lands in the same, neighbourhood, or any surveyor of lands whom the said respective of shall think able to give them assistance in estimating, computing, and ascertaining the income of such tenant, and upon the result of such opinion, to

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 95

require a schedule of particulars, and to pursue such rules and lands; and regulations for inquiring into and ascertaining the income of ^mercial such tenant, as they could or might have done upon the demand of of any surveyor or inspector of the said rates and duties, or as may do with the commercial commissioners to be appointed under this act r!e<^ to may lawfully do on the advice and assistance of any persons to ^arn^s? g be called in by them for that purpose as herein after mentioned.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Persons may any person or persons, at any time or times during the con- f^TbTbank tinuance of this act, to pay, or cause to be paid, to the governor and receive*and company of the bank of England, or to their cashier or certificates, cafiiiers, any sum or sums of money, and to require a certificate which shall be or certificates acknowledging fqch payment; which certificates b^the^ollec-shall be received by the several receivers and collectors of the tors: but no said rates and duties as cash, and in discharge of so much of the discount shall said rates and duties as shall be mentioned in such certificates J?e allowed on respectively: provided always, That no discount or allowance whatever shall be allowed or paid on any sum or sums of money to be paid into the bank of England, in pursuance of this act.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons residing in Great Britain, and engaged in any trade or^ank and manufacture therein, or the governor and company of the bank other trading of England, or any other trading body politick or corporate, corporations, company, fraternity, or society of persons, whether corporate H5 tC) or not corporate, in Great Britain, shall be desirous of being comrriereTal1C assessed by the commercial of to be appointed as of herein after mentioned to the whole rates and duties granted [fee the next by this act, or to so much thereof as may arise from trade or H^ee<V

manufacture, and shall signify in writing his, her, or their intention to be so assessed, within the time herein limited for re- the same to turning his, her, or their statement, to the a He fTo r or assessors aHeifors of the parish or place where any assessment upon such person or according to persons, bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies, \Yithmthe ought to be made according to the form marked (C.) hereunto time for annexed, it shall be lawful for such person or persons, by him, returning her, or themselves, or his, her, or their agent or agents, and for their state-such bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies, ^ayYhen by their respective chamberlains, treasurers, caftiiers or other deliver such officers having the receipt or audit of the income of such bodies, statement to' corporations, companies, fraternities, and societies respectively, the cummer-instead of his, her, or their delivering a statement, as herein- mhlion^vs of before required, to the assessor or assessors for the parish or place the aiftrift where such assessment as aforesaid ought to be made, to deliver or their sworn the same to the said commercial of to be appointed fP'r" for any one of the districts in which such assessment is hereby ^Yancb directed to be made, or to their clerk or other officer sworn trade in under the authority of this act, who shall be authorised by such which fu: h respective of to receive the same, and which state- Puties are meats shall be respectively made in the forms in the said schedule enSaSe

annexed

96 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

[Forthemode annexed as before directed, but nevertheless adding thereto, by theie^commff every Person engaged in trade or commerce, the particular branch sioners and or, oranches of trade or commerce in which such person shall be their assistants, engaged; and the said several datements being so delivered shall fee f. no, &c. be as effectual for the purpose of ascertaining the sum to be ^ecl*] assessed on such person or persons, bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities or societies, as if the same had been delivered to such assessor or assessors in pursuance of this act as aforesaid.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective commercial of to be appointed as herein after directed dial], as soon after their respective appointments as conveniently may be, meet to receive, or appoint a proper person for receiving, all such datements, sealed up, as shall be made to them by and have them or on the behalf of any person or persons engaged in trade or daffed and re- manufacture, and redding within the limits of their respective proprbooks ^iftri&s, or from or on the behalf of any such body politick or am fix a time corporate, or company, fraternity, or society of persons within within 2i days the said limits, and shall cause all such datements from time to for conn deving time to be classed and regidered in books to be provided for that t*1 v. and nitm, -!-V*? and shall also from time to time fix a day or days, not

The commercial of shall receive such datements (sealed up)

may divide Puri

ing to the provisions of this act.

themfidves in- sooner than twenty-one days from the day of receiving any such to committees datement, for taking the same into consideration, and shall from or three, and time to time meet for that purpose, and may divide themselves ties^charTe'ar"nto committees, each committee confiding of not less than aMe, accord- three of at such their meetings, and afterwards proceed with all convenient dispatch to ascertain and determine the amount of the sums to which any person or persons, corporation, company, fraternity, or society, delivering such date-merits, ought to be charged by virtue of this act, observing therein the rules, regulations, and directions of this act, as herein after expressed.

The said com-

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That on the day or days mercial com- fixed for taking any such datements into consideration, or on any call^in^wtTo^ to Prev^ou^y named by them for that purpose, the said re-the affifhnts spe<T, ve commercial of shall call to their assistance any and esquire of such two or more persons herein after directed to be appointed them their for that purpose, for the difirict of the said of, who amount of*n ^le P*n*on fa^ of may be, of those so ap-

the income of pointed, bed able to judge of the amount of the reputed income parties deli- of the person or persons, bodies, corporations, companies, fra-vering in such ternities, or societies, whose datements shall be under considera-t*on before t^ie id of, and shall esquire of such

doling the " persons their opinion of such amounts of reputed income, or so datements to much thereof as may arise from trade or manufacture, without suchaffidants; disclosing to them, or any or either of them, the amount con-

and if such tained in any datement of such person or persons, bodies, cor-

assistants Rate.J c r .*

the income porations, companies, fraternities, or iocieties, and ir any or

higher than either of such persons shall, upon such enquiry, date the reputed

the parties income of such person or persons, bodies, corporations, com-

have done, panics, fraternities, or societies, at a sum or sums higher than and two thirds r ? 1  by

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. 0, 13. 97

by reference to the flatements delivered, the said of of the com-shall find the sums contained therein respectively to be, then, m'diriers unless two thirds or a greater proportion of the said commission- opinion that ers shall concur in opinion that such difference of statement does such state-not furnish sufficient ground for further enquiry, it shall be law- meats furnish fui for the said commercial of, and they are hereby to-

required, to issue their precepts, requiring the person or persons, they rnay bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies, de- require sche-livering such flatements respectively, to return schedules of their dules of the property from which such income may arise to the said of, which schedules shall be made in the manner and in the shall pVJCeed form herein-before directed; and the said commercial commis- to enquire in-sioners shall? after issuing such precepts, proceed to enquire into to their in the income arising from the property hated in such schedule, or ma^ifclole any other property belonging to such person or persons, bodies, schedules corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies, and shall be to the aflilt-at liberty to disclose the particulars contained in such schedule to ants, and the assistants whom the said of shall have called in as ^son^on^1* aforesaid, and shall esquire from them, and shall also examine with any other person or persons relative thereto, whom they may like powers as think necessary (upon oath or solemn affirmation, except as to of such assistants), in such manner and form and with the like iT1 other cases. powers as the commissioners for the purposes of this act are hereby authorised or enabled to do as before directed; and all powers, directions, clauses, matters, and things, which are herein-before prescribed for the conduct and demeanour of the commissioners for the purposes of this act, except as herein after is otherwise provided, shall be in full force, and shall be practised and applied by the respective commercial of, as fully and effectually as if the same powers, directions, clauses, matters, and things, had been so expressly and particularly applied: provided always, That the respeffitive persons to be examined before ^ann'id the said of shall be examined by them apart, and app^TncT that the evidence which they or any of them shall give shall not their'evidence be disclosed to any person or persons whatever, except to such not to be assistants as aforesaid, for the purpose of enabling them to form a disclosed but judgement of the actual income then under consideration as a 1 aforesaid.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That after such inquiry After such made by the said commercial of as aforesaid, or any enquiry, the three or more of them, it shall be lawful for the said commis- conamfffironers sioners before whom such inquiry shall have been made, or the may proceed major part of them, and they are hereby required, according to to ascertain the best of their judgement, to settle and ascertain in what sums the ^ffieflment such person or persons, bodies, corporations, companies, frater-eaJ^lties> nities, or societies, ought to be charged by virtue of this affix, and committee to make an assessment or assessments accordingly; and that when [fee f. 97]. and as soon as the amounts thereof shall be ascertained, the re- [kill e.nter spective of of each such committee shall cause book to be same to be entered in a book to be by them respectively and pri- kept privately vately kept, as herein after mentioned, with the name or names, by them, Vol. XLII. H or with the

name of the party to be numbered or lettered pro-grefiively:

Inch assessment to be final without appeal. After such entry, a duplicate of a certificate shall be delivered to the party under the hands of two of, Hating the amount of the assessment, and its corresponding number or letter.

or description of the person or persons, bodies, corporations* companies, fraternities, or societies to be charged therewith, set opposite thereto, and which entries shall be respectively numbered progressively, or lettered or distinguished by numbers and letters, as the said respective commercial of shall think proper; and which assessments, so made and entered, shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatever without appeal; and that when and as soon as the said respective of shall have caused to be made any such entry in such book, they shall deliver to the person or persons, bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies, charged by such assessments, or to some person or persons there attending on his, her, or their behalf, a certificate or certificates under the hands and seals of two or more of such of, specifying the amount of the sums to be paid upon every such act'effment respectively, to be respectively marked and numbered, or lettered, with the same number or letter as the entry or entries in the private book of the said of, to which such certificate or certificates shall respectively relate, shall be marked and numbered or lettered, and which certificates shall be cut off* indentwise from the counterparts thereof, which shall also contain the like sums, and be marked and numbered or lettered in the same manner as the certificate or certificates to be so delivered as aforesaid, which certificates marked and numbered or lettered as aforesaid, containing the amount of the said assessments as aforesaid, without naming or describing the person or persons, bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies, charged thereby, shall, on production thereof, be a/ufficient authority to the governor and company of the bank of England, and to the respective receivers general and their respective deputies in England, and to the receiver general in Scotland, from time to time, to receive from any person or persons bearing and producing such certificate or certificates, the amount of the sums therein respectively contained, in such proportions thereof as by this ac\ are made payable by instalments, and at the times by this act appointed for payment thereof, in discharge and satisfaction of the assessment made by the said of for the last mentioned purposes, and entered by them under the letter or number marked on such certificate, and upon the payment of such sums contained in any such, certificate, or any proportion thereof as aforesaid, to give certificates for the same, acknowledging the receipt of the sum paid on account of the certificate of the said respective of, by the number or letter marked thereon as before directed.

If, in the _ C. And be it further enacted, That if in the course of any course of their inquiry before the said commercial of, they shall commercial think it necessary to ascertain the income of any person or of persons, bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or societies, shall think it who shall have delivered to them any such ffatement or ffate-afberUirfthe ments as aforesaid, which income, or any part thereof, shall arise income of the from any property in Great Britain not engaged in trade or parties, any manufacture, out of the limits of the city, tpwn, or place, or its

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 99

vicinity, for which they shall act, the commissioners for the af-part of which

fairs of taxes flial), on a certificate or certificates thereof, trans- shall arise from

mit such certificates to the respective of for the pur- Q^pritain

poses of this act, adhng for the division or place, or divisions or not in trade,

places, where such property, or any part thereof, is or shall be out of the

situate, and the said last mentioned of shall, on re- lindis of the

ceipt of such certificates, respectively enquire into the amunt|uch^commis-

of the income arising from such property within the limits of the sioners, the

division or place where such last: mentioned of act, tax office and in proceding therein it shall be lawful for them to use and shall tran fin it

apply all the powers contained in this act, in the same manner

as if such person or persons, bodies, corporations, companies, Commission-

fraternities, or societies, were chargeable under this act in such ers to the

division or place; and the said of having satisfied commission-

themselves of such income, shall, without allowing any deduce ^?n7r

77'otii cr g 1 v'lii on

tion to be made therefrom, (other than the special deductions to erqUirg 9

authorised by this act in respect of such property), transmit a into the certificate thereof, under the hands of any two or more of them, party's into the said of for the affairs of taxes, to be laid before '

the said commercial of, to the end, that such person plaq accoy^ or persons, bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or so- ingly do, and cieties, maybe justly charged upon the whole of his, her, or certify the their income, and such certificates of the commissioners for offre^to

purposes of this act shall be final and conclusive as to the be laid before amount of income contained therein, all just deductions (other the cosimer-than the special deductions aforesaid) being first made therefrom cial commit by the commercial of, in the same manner as if such income had been ascertained by them in the first instance. ap^s 'the

party; such last mentioned certificate to be final and conclusive as to the amount of income contained therein.

CI. And be it further enacted, That if any person, whose in- persons whose come shall be under enquiry before the commercial commission- income is ers, shall apply to them to ascertain, in manner before directed, imcler enquiry the amount of any income arising from property not subject to ^ecialCcom-enquiry before such commercial of, in order to have missioners, any allowance made from the whole of his or her income, it may apply for shall be lawful for them, and they are hereby required to deliver arK* obtaVt the proper certificate for that purpose, which certificate shall be ^s^rtlh' carried into effect in the manner before directed; and the said order to have commercial of, after having received the account of an allowance such income, shall, in order to make any allowances to which on their whole such person may be entitled in respect of the whole of his or her income* income, add the same to the amount of income ascertained by such commercial of, and therefrom make such allowances accordingly.

CII. And be it further enacted, That any income arising from Income from property in any of the British plantations in America, and im- Prperry in ported into Great Britain from thence, may be stated, proved, 1 ascertained, and assessed to, before and by the respective com- raay be afeer-mercial of acting for the respective places herein- tained by the after mentioned, videlicet, London, BriJtoly Liverpool, and Glas- commercial

commission-gQVJ'i ers for Lon-

ioo Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

don, Bristol, gow^ in the same manner as if such income had arisen from trade Liverpool, or or manufacture carried on in such places respectively; and such Glasgow^ income shall be assessed and charged by the of acting b^the corn^ for places at or nearest to which such property

missioners of have been first imported into Great Britain.

either of those places nearest to which the property is first imported hither.

Income received in Great Britain arising from property of per ions in such plantations not imported here, may be also ascertained in like manner.

One committee of commercial of [fee f. 97 ] may assess the members of another committee, with power of appeal to all such of; but the parties interested shall have no vote.

f. 70*

Where such of are not divided into committees, each commissioner shall be assessed by the others with appeal to the commercial of for London,

The commercial commit* sioners for London and its vicinity [fee f. iio]*

CIII. And be it further enacted, That any income received in Great Britain, and arising from property of any person or persons in such plantations as a fore fa id, which shall not have been imported into Great Britain, may be stated, proved, ascertained, and assessed, in like manner as aforesaid, together with the income of the same person or persons arising from such property which shall have been imported as aforesaid, in case any such income arising from property imported as aforesaid shall be stated to such commercial of, in order to be assessed and charged under this adL

CIV. And be it further enacted, That in every place where the number of commercial of to be appointed as aforesaid shall be sufficient to divide themselves into two or more committees as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the persons composing any one such committee to assess and charge the persons composing any other such committee until each such commissioner shall be fully assessed and charged with power of appeal to all the said of; and that where such committees shall be formed, the said of shall establish such regulations amongst themselves for assessing and charging each other, as may most effectually secure a fair and impartial assessment upon every such commissioner, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, provided, that upon any such appeal the commissioner interested shall have no voice, but shall withdraw until the determination thereof, in the manner herein before directed with respect to of for the purposes of this adL

CV. And be it further enacted, That where the said of shall not be sufficient to divide themselves into committees as aforesaid, every such commissioner shall be assessed and charged by the other commissioner present, in which case the of interested shall have no voice, but shall withdraw until the-determination thereof in manner before directed; provided that if any such commissioner shall think himself aggrieved by the determination of the other of as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for him to appeal to the commercial commissioner adfing for the city of London, who shall hear and determine the same, and assess and charge such appellant under the like powers, and subject to the like rules, as they might have assessed and charged such appellant in case he had, resided within the city of London, and had in the first instance delivered to the said commercial of his statement for that purpose.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That the commercial of acting within and for the city of London and its vicinity, comprehending the district herein after described, shall, on or before the fifth day of June yearly, during, the term herein

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 101

mentioned, or as soon after as can be conveniently done, trans- ft all, yearly, mit the counterparts of all such certificates as shall have been if- before June 5, sued by them to the cashier of the governor and company of the bank of England., in order that all persons, bodies, corpo- t^nfmiAo6*rations, companies, fraternities, and societies, aflfefled by the said the bank the of, may pay, in manner before directed, their assess- counterparts ments into the said bank of England; and the respective commercial of acting within or for any city, town, or place, tjiem that the herein after mentioned, or any other city, town or place, in parties may Great Britain, for which, and their respective vicinities, commis- pay their af-sioners for the said last mentioned purposes shall be appointed

according to the directions of this act, shall, within the like commercial period, transmit the counterparts of all such certificates as shall commission-have been issued by them respectively in England to the receiver ersfor other general of the county, riding, or place where such certificates

have been issued, or their respective deputies, and in Scotland to the receiver general there; and the cashier of the said bank of ft all transmit England, and the respective receivers general, or their respective such counterdeputies as aforesaid, shall, upon the receipt of any sum of money t^e on account of any such certificate, signed and marked, and num- ceivers'gene-bered or lettered as aforesaid, enter the same in a book to be ral; and the provided for that purpose, with the number and figure marked bank and rein such certificate set opposite thereto, under the head of c The ce{v, ?rs11genf- Account of the Commercial Commissioners acting for the of and its Vicinity/ with such

commercial of as to all money received on such certificates.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective The respective commercial of shall from time to time transmit to commercial the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, the gross amount of all assessments made by them up to the day of making up such t-1[ne'to account; and that when and as soon as such assessments shall be time, trans-completed in any such diffrid, the said respective of mit to the adfing therein shall cause to be delivered a Tchedule or duplicate on parchment, under their hands and seals fairly written, con- the groig taining the whole sum assessed by the said of, unto amount of the said respective receivers general, and shall transmit or cause their assess-to be transmitted, a like schedule or duplicate into the King's ^eiduch^f remembrancer's office of the exchequer in England and Scotland ferments are* respectively. completed,

shall deliver a schedule of the whole amount to the receivers general, and transmit a duplicate thereof into the exchequer.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That all books, papers, All such com-and writings whatever, belonging to or provided by the said commissioners mercial of, shall be carefully preserved and kept in books* their custody, or of some or one of them, or in such manner as [n^heir cuf-they shall think confident with the secrecy to be observed in the tody, or as custody thereof. ^they shall think most confident with secrecy.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That the cashier of the Ten days be-bank of England, and the respective receivers general, shall, ten tpre each 1^m days before the second, and so before every subsequent instal-

h 3 meat, ceivers gene-

102 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c.

[1798.

ral shall trans- ment, transmit to the respective commercial of as mittothere- aforesaid, a true account of all Turns paid on account of any prior instalment or instalments, and also of any Turn or Turns which may remain unpaid on account of such prior instalment or instalments, and the respective numbers and letters to which Turns paid, and such Turns To remaining unpaid shall respectively relate; and the remaining un* said respe6Hve of shall, upon reference to their private books, by notice in writing under the hands of any two of them, to be transmitted to the person or persons, or the chamberlain, treasurer, cashier, or other officer aforesaid, of any body, late - and such corPora^orb company, fraternity, or society, making such de-commissioners reciuire him, her, or them, to pay the Turn To in arrear

shall give within a rime to be fixed in such notice; and if any person or persons To charged, or if the chamberlain, treasurer, cashier, or other officer aforesaid, of any body, corporation, company, fraternity, or society, so charged, shall neglect to pay the same within the time limited in such notice, it shall be lawful for the said tain time; and respective commercial of for the last mentioned pur-on failure of p0fes, and they are hereby required to issue their warrant for the hru^Uieii*ma^ levying the Turn and sums so in arrear and unpaid, in such manner, and to such effect and purpose, as any other of the of before mentioned for the purposes of this act

spective commercial of, an account of

paid, on prior m Raiments, and the numbers, &c. to which theyre-

notice to the party concerned to pay all arrears within a cer-

warrant for levying the same.

For the city of London, and its vicinity, (including Westminster, Southwark, the bills of mortality, Mary-le-

may, under this act, or the of appointed to carry into execution any of the said acts herein-before referred to, may, under the said acts, levy any money due to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of the rates and duties charged and levied under this act, or the said acts so referred to, or any of them.

CX. And be it further enacted, That within and for the city of London and its vicinity, as herein after mentioned, videlicet, The city and liberty of Westminster, the borough of Southwark, the several parishes within the bills of mortality, and the parishes of Saint Mary-le-bone and Saint Pancras, and all parishes within the counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, and Surrey, any part whereof shall be situate within ten miles of the Royal Exchange,

bone, Pancras, there shall be appointed twenty-four persons, qualified as herein-

and every parish in Middlesex, Effiex, Kent, and Surrey, any part of which is within 10 miles of the Royal Exchange), 24 eilons shall

after is required, who shall be commercial of within the said districts, or such other less number as can be found therein so qualified, to ascertain the income of persons engaged in trade and manufacture resident within the said difiriel, and of all such bodies politick, and corporate (except corporation foie residing without the said distrieft), companies, fraternities, and societies of persons in Great Britain, who shall be desirous of being assefted under the said of, and also twenty-four other persons, in like manner qualified, or such less number e as may be found therein so qualified, to act in the affifiance of

in f.114) tobe t^le commercial of, and that three of the persons so to be appointed of, and three of the said assistants, shall be named by the mayor and aldermen of London, out of twelve persons, fix of whom shall be aldermen, to be returned to them by the common council as aforesaid, three other of

commercial of for such distritft, and 24- others as

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 103

and three other assistants by the governors and directors affiants, of the bank of England, three other of and threeommhfiori other assistants by the directors of the said united company ers an(j three trading to the East Indies, three other of and three such assistants, other assistants by the governors aforesaid and directors of the to be named South Sea company, two other of and two other ^d^ld^nfen1* assistants by each of the respective_ governors and directors of out of 12

the several insurance companies before mentioned, and two (fix being other of and two other assistants by each of the aldermen), grand inquests as aforesaid, having been returned to serve for J the several counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, and Surrey, as m^n councij. before mentioned. three by the

bank, three by the East India company, three by the South Sea company, two by each of the two insurance companies, and two by the grand jurors of each of the said four counties.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That, within and for the ham^Liver^" several towns and places herein after mentioned, videlicet, poof, Leeds, Birmingham, Liverpool, Leeds, Manchester, King's Lynn, and Manchester, Glasgow, and such cities and other towns and places in Great King's Lynn, Britain, (regard being had to the extent of trade and manu-failure thereof), as the persons who are respectively empowered other cities, to nominate of for the purposes of this act, for Sec, as the the county, riding, shire, or stewartry at large within which respective such place shall be situate, shall think proper to name com- d

mercial of to act therein for such purposes, as aforesaid, to nominate there shall be appointed by the said persons so empowered, so commission-many persons, qualified as herein is required, to be commercial er?> shall of within and for such cities, towns, and places, commercial1*respectively, and within and for such pari files and places in the of vicinity of such cities, towns, and places respectively, as the and assistants respective inquests before-mentioned shall think proper to be shall be included in the same districts with such cities, towns, and places respectively; and the said last mentioned persons to be appointed to a<g- for such as aforesaid, shall be of to ascertain the income of towns, and persons engaged in trade and manufacture resident within the certain dif-said respective districts, and of all such bodies politick and corporate, companies, and societies of persons in such'districts eacfo. not |efs respectively, who shall be desirous of being afielied under the than three, said of respectively; and in every such district there nor rnore than shall also be appointed so many persons, qualified as herein is nTihionei^or

required to act as assistants to the said respective commercial distn<a.-

of within their districts; provided that the number of of to be appointed for each such distriit as aforesaid, shall not he less than three nor more than twelve, and

that the assistants to be also appointed for each such district

shall not be less than three nor more than twelve.

CXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That For Bristol, within and for the several cities, towns, and places herein after mentioned, videlicet, Bristol, Exeter, Hull, Newe a file-up on- Tyne^ upo^Tyne, Norwich, and Edinburgh, and also such other cities, towns, and Norwich*places, in Great Britain, being reflectively counties of them- and Edin-

h 4 selyes, burh> and

104 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

such other selyes, for which the said jurors for the respective counties at coimties*of ^arSe as aforesaid shall think proper that commercial com-

themselves, as niissioners should be named, there shall be appointed by the such inquests respective persons acting as magistrates or justices of the peace shall think fit, for such cities, towns, and places respectively, being counties of (with their themselves as aforesaid, so many persons qualified as herein is commercial required to be commercial of within and for such

of cities, towns, and places respectively, and within and for such shall be apparishes and places in the vicinity of such cities, towns, and

thea&in* places respectively, as the respective inquests for the counties at

magistrates of large before-mentioned shall think proper to be included in the the said cities, same districts with such cities, towns, and places respectively; &c* and the said last mentioned of, after their appoint-

ment by the respective magistrates and justices of the peace of the cities, towns, and places, being counties of themselves as aforesaid, shall have and exercise the like powers, and in as ample a manner as if they had been respectively appointed by the respective inquests of the counties at large.

CXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any person or persons engaged in any trade or manufacture, and residing in the county, riding, shire, or stewartry where any such commercial commissioner shall be appointed, (in case any such of shall be so appointed in such county or riding), ?thVuTnnoted although not resident within the district of the commercial com-re side nt with- missioners, shall and may be charged to the rates and duties in their dif- granted by this act by such commercial of, if such person or persons shall prefer such charge, and pursue the rules and regulations herein-before prescribed for causing such charge to be made; and in case no such commercial of shall be so appointed in the county, riding, shire, or stewartry, where of such person or persons shall reside, then such person or persons fn\hat^cotm^ may appJy in like manner to the commissioners for the purposes ty) then by " this act, for the division or place where such person or persons the other shall reside; and the respective of for the purposes of of this act shall in any such case require the aftiliance of any two under this act, or more persons whose names shall be inserted in the Jilt made

Any trader residing in the county where such commercial of

trid) may elect to be a fie fled by them; or (in case no such

a fie fled by two persons from the grand jurors' lift, who shall then ad as commercial commissioners.

Commercial of shall be qualified as other of under this act for a

out by the jurors upon the grand inquest of the county, riding, shire, or stewartry where such division or place shall be situate, and shall, in ascertaining the charge to be made upon such person or persons, pursue all such rules, directions, and regulations, and shall have such powers as are herein-before prescribed and given for the condudof commercial of especially appointed under this act as aforesaid; and the sum so charged shall be paid and accounted for in the same manner.

CXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person shall be capable of acting as a commercial commissioner under this act, or as an assistant to such of, who shall not be seised or possessed of an estate of the like nature and value as is herein-before required for a commissioner for the purposes of this act as aforesaid, for a county at large; and if any person,

not

Hos

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 105

not qualified as aforesaid, shall act in the execution of this act as county at a commercial commissioner, every such person shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered as any penalty without such may be recovered by the first said recited act. qualification,

CXV. And be it further enacted, That every person to be to forfeit iool. appointed a commercial commissioner as aforesaid, before he Commercial shall begin to ad therein, (except in administering the oath herein referred to), shall take the same oath as is herein-before be the same as required to be taken by a commissioner for the purposes of this that of other ad; which oath so taken shall be subscribed, and the names of commission-the persons taking the same shall be transmitted in the manner before directed with respect to the commissioners for the purposes (according* of this act. to f.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That every person to Aflffiants to be appointed an assistant to the commercial of, shall of before the said of take the following oath 5 (that is j|ak^nthe

try fox/ 1

T A+ B. do swear, That in the execution of an act, [here Oath.

JL set forth the title of this act\, I will in all respects ad fairly, honestly, and impartially, and without fayour, affection, or malice, to the best of my knowledge and belief; and that I will not disclose any particular contained in any schedule of income of any person, body politick or corporate, company, fraternity, or society of persons whatever, which shall be shewn- to me in the execution of the said act, except in such cases only.where it shall be necessary to disclose the same for the purposes of the said act, or in order to or in the course of a prosecution for perjury committed in any matter relating to such schedule.

So help me GOD.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Commercial commercial of shall and may appoint and employ a of clerk, and such other officer or officers as may be necessary, ^erlTwho with the consent and approbation of the commissioners of the shall take treasury, or any three of them, and shall and may give and an oath of administer to such clerk, and other officer or officers respectively, fidelity, and an oath for their faithful demeanor in all things relating to the reqifiredTby due performance of the trust reposed in them by the said f. 35) for respective commercial of, and also the oath herein- clerks to belore required to be taken by clerks to the respective comm if- commission- sioners for the purposes of this act, which oaths shall be duly clerk to C subscribed by the parties taking the same: and the said respective receive only commercial of shall and may from time to time, such fidary as at their discretion, difinifs and discharge such clerk, or other be allow, officer or officers, and appoint others in their place; and the commission-said clerks and other officers are hereby required faithfully to ers, with the execute and perform the said trusts in them respectively reposed, approbation without taking any thing for such service, other than such salaries fthe trea-

io6

The treasury may direct the bank and receivers general to pay the expences of the commercial of.

The money raised under this act shall be paid into the exchequer, and the account thereof kept diilindt.

Recital of the application of the duties under 38 Geo. 3. c. j6. (f. 97.) and of the duties under 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. (f. 38;

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

or rewards as the said respective commercial of, with the consent and approbation of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or tnore of them, fluff allow in manner herein after directed.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the of*of the treasury, or any three or more of them, for the time being, are hereby respectively authorised, from time to time, to direct the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England, or the respective receivers general before mentioned, as may be most convenient to advance and pay, out of the monies arising from the said rates and duties granted by this act, to such person or persons as the said respective commercial of, or the major part of them acting for any district as aforesaid, shall respectively name, such sums of money as shall appear to the said of of the treasury necessary for the last mentioned purposes of this act; which sums so to be advanced shall be applied for the payment of allowances, and in defraying all other necessary charges and expences in or about the execution of this act, in respect to the commercial of, without other account than before the lords of of his Majesty's treasury.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising by the said rates and duties, (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), and also all monies to be received at the bank of England under this act, shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said respective rates and duties, or received at the bank of England, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatever; and the said monies, so paid into the said receipt, shall be subject and liable to the uses and purposes herein after mentioned.

CXX. And whereas all the monies arising from the additional rates and assessmentj, or from payments at the bank of England, by virtue of the said recited act of the last session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war, together with the duties granted by another act of the last session of parliament, intituledr, An act for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom, and for granting new and additional duties of customs on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of certain ships entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign parts, until the signing the preliminary articles of peace, not exceeding in the whole the sum of seven millions, which should be paid into the said receipt of the exchequer, were, from time to time, as the same should be paid into the said receipt, directed to be issued and applied to such services as are in the said

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.

first recited act mentioned: be it further enacted, That all the monies arising from the said rates and aflbflments by the said recited acts granted, or from payments at the bank, of England, and also from the rates and duties hereby granted, not exceeding the said sum of seven millions, which shall be paid into the said receipt of the exchequer, shall, from time to time, as the same shall be paid into the said receipt, be issued and applied either to the services voted by the commons of Great Britain, in the said last session of parliament, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; or to the payment and discharge of all annuities, interest, and dividends, which have or shall become payable in consequence of the loan of eight millions raised by virtue of another act passed in the said last session of parliament; and that, after issuing or referring at the said receipt of exchequer, out of the said monies, such sums as shall be sufficient for the purposes aforesaid, the surplus of the said monies, as the same shall arise and be paid into the said receipt, shall be and are hereby appropriated for the services which shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or shall be voted by the said commons for the service of any subsequent year, not exceeding ten millions in any one year, and which shall be specifically charged on the said rates and duties by any act or acts to be passed for that purpose; and in the next place for the payment and discharge of ail annuities, interest, and dividends which shall become payable in consequence of any loan or loans, which shall also be specifically charged on the said rates and duties by such act or acts; and lastly, for the purchase of publick annuities to the amount of the annuities which may be created on such loan or loans; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the being, are or is hereby authorised and required to issue and apply the same for the services of each year successively, to such amount yearly as shall have been then voted by the commons of Great Britain^ not exceeding ten millions in any one year, and in the next place to the payment and discharge of the annuities, interest, and dividends which shall become payable in consequence of such loan or loans, as and when the same shall become payable; and that, after applying such part of the said monies as shall be sufficient for the services of each year successively as aforesaid, and for the payment and discharge of all such annuities, dividends, and interest as aforesaid, or reserving the same at the said receipt of exchequer, the corn-mi flioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorised and required to issue, from time to time, the surplus of the said monies arising from the rates and duties by this act granted, during the term for which the said rates and duties are hereby granted, to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be placed to the account of the of

107

All money raised under those acts, and also under this act, not exceeding seven millions, shall be applied to to the services of the year 1798; or in paying the interest of the loan of eight millions raised hit session; the surplus to be appropriated to the services of the year 1799, or of any subsequent year, specifically charged on the said duties, not exceeding ten millions in any one year*next in payment of the interest of any loans to be specifically charged thereon; and lastly, in the purchase of ttock to the amount of the stock created by such loans: the money to be issued and applied accordingly.

10S Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

missioners appointed by an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for applying certain sums annually to the reduction of the national debt, who shall apply the same in payment for the purchase of any publick annuities, in the manner directed by the said recited act passed in the thirty-eighth c. 16. f. 98, year of the reign of his present Majesty, for granting an aid and 99, xoo, contribution for the prosecution of the war, so long as the same The duties to shall be so applicable under and by virtue of this act. cease, on the CXXI. And be it further enacted, That upon the purchase the cmnmif^ t^ie said of appointed for the reduction of the na-lioners of the tional debt, out of the monies to arise as aforesaid, of publick. national debt, annuities to the amount of all annuities which maybe created of Hock to the on any loan or loans specifically to be charged on the said rates and duties as aforesaid, the said rates and duties shall be determined in the manner directed by the said last mentioned act, and all the powers, provisions, and rules, contained in the

amount of ttock. created by any loans to be specift

cally charged said last mentioned act, for issuing and applying the monies duties asTun- ar*finS from, and for determining the rates and assessments der ^8 Geo. c. granted thereby, shall severally and respectively be in full force, i6.f. ioiy&c. 2nd put in practice, for the issuing and applying the monies Every appeal arising from, and for determining, at the period herein-mention-decided on the ed, the rates and duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually comeander" as^tlle ^arne ^ad been rePeated and re-enacted in this present 3.8 Geo. 3. c. a^'*

16. shall be

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That every appeal on the conclusive, ex- ground of income, once heard and determined, under and by C<-vrt thC v^rtue * passed in the thirty-eighth year aforesaid,

provx [under for granting an aid and contribution as aforesaid, shall be final f. 71 of that and conclusive during the continuance of the rates and duties aft] that his granted by the said act, as is herein-before limited, except where income for the the party shall alledge and prove, in the manner directed by the year en ing that his or her income, during the year ending on the fifth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, fell short of the sum mentioned in his or her declaration by a fiated sum; in which case, and also where the income of any ^bme^specifick Person has been diminished from any specifick cause arising after cau'e; [fee f. the time allowed for hearing appeals in the year preceding the said 72 of that act]; fifth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it shall be lawful for the respective of for hearing and determining appeals under the said act, to give relief to the appellant or appellants in the manner directed by the said act.

CXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice of the peace re- Tiding near the place where the offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this act, which subjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty not exceeding twenty this act where pounds; which said justice of the peace is hereby authorised the penalty and

required, upon any information exhibited or complaint made in that behalf, within three calendar months after the offence committed, to summon the party accused, giving to each parry three days notice to appear, and also the witnesses on either

Feb. 5, fell short of the sum declared, or was diminished from

in which cases the of of appeal, under that act, may give relief. Justices of peace may de termine offences under

does not exceed 20l.; on complaint within three months;

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. 109

side, and to examine into the matter of fad, and upon proof made summoning thereof, either by voluntary confession of the party accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or otherwise, witnesses; and as the case may require, to give judgement or sentence for the may convict penalty or forfeiture as in and by this act is directed, to be divided c11 confession one moiety thereof to the poor of the parish or place where the oatlfaf* offence shall be committed, and the other moiety thereof to one witness: the informer or informers, and to award and issue out his warrant, the penalty to under his hand and seal, for the levying the said'penalty adjudged, go half to the of the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to former. ^o be the party the overplus, (if any), and where the goods of such levied by dif-offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to tress and sale, commit such offender to prison, there to remain for any space of time not exceeding fix nor less than three calendar months, un-10 not less such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and more than if either party shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the nor less judgement of any such justice, then he and they shall and may, upon giving security to the amount of the value of such penalty pnfonment." and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded in case ^ppea] o-, iven such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the to the quarter peace at the next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, sessions who division, shire, stewartry, or place, which shall happen after four- may award teen days next after such conviction shall have been made, and ofco s* which appeal reasonable notice shall be given, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons appealing to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet: provided nevertheless.

That, it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said justice, where Penalties may, he shall see cause, to mitigate and lessen such penalties as he shall be mitigated think fit, (reasonable costs and charges of the officers and in- ove^and^ formers, as well in making the discovery, as in prosecuting the above the infame, being always allowed over and above such mitigation), and former's coifs, so as such mitigation doth not reduce the penalties to less than the moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the said costs and charges; any thing contained in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Act may be

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this altered or represent session of parliament, this

SCHEDULE,

no

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

SCHEDULE.

(A.)

RULES for estimating the income to arise within the current year of persons to be assessed under the act of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

1. INCOME arising from lands, tenement sy and hereditaments.

General rule for ascertaining the ^ualtie of all lands.

In all cases the annual value of lands shall be estimated from the aggregate amount of the rent at which the same are let, or if not let, are worth to be let by the year, according to the ordinary rent of lands of like quality in the same neighbourhood; together with the payments within the year for all parochial and other taxes, rates, and assessments, charged upon the respective occupiers in respect of such lands; and also the value of tythes, where taken in kind, or of the sums paid in satisfaction for the same; after deducing from such aggregate amount the fourth part thereof.

I ft. INCOME of owners of lands.

FIRST CASE.

Income of lands occupied by the owner.

Such income shall be taken at the amount of one year's rent, according to the rate at which such lands are worth to be let by the year according to the ordinary rent of lands of like quality in the same neighbourhood, regard being had to the demands to which such lands may be liable for or in respect of tythes, or any satisfadftion for the same, or from which demands such lands may be free; and also a sum not less than the amount of one quarter, or more than one half, of the annual value, estimated as aforesaid, in addition to such rent; and where the lands have come into the occupation of the owner within eighteen months past, on the expiration of a lease, or the death or failure of a tenant, then the same shall be valued at one year's rent only of lands of the like quality, estimated as aforesaid.

r Deductions to be made from the First Case.

The amount of land tax payable from the fifth day of February last past for one year.

The amount of fee farm rents, quit rents, rent charges, ground rents, and other rents payable by such owner, or other charges which the owner of the land shall be bound by tenure to pay, or for the expence of drainage under any commission of sewers, estimated for one year, as aforesaid, next preceding the delivery of the schedule.

Ill

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.

Repairs of buildings, consisting of a principal messuage, occupied by the owner, and other buildings, occupied with a farm of lands or tythes at an average, to be settled at the discretion of the of under all the circumstances, not exceeding eight pounds per centum on the annual value of the farm, estimated as aforesaid; but if there be no principal messuage, then at the like average, not exceeding three pounds per centum on the like annual value:

Also on account of expences in draining lands, such sum as the of shall allow, not exceeding in any case three pounds'/>/ centum on the annual value of the lands improved by such drainage.

And in respect of embankments from the sea, or any river, when the same shall be necessary for the occupation of lands, or by reason of tenure therein, such sum as the of, under all the circumstances, shall allow.

SECOND CASE.

Houses and buildings occupied by the owner.

The annual value of such houses or other buildings shall be taken according to the fair rent at which houses of the like description are usually let or might be let by the year, unfurnished, as near as may be; but where the same are, or shall be rated to the tax on inhabited houses, then not to be taken at less than such rate.

Deductions.

Repairs, at the best average, in the judgement of the coinmiffloners, and not exceeding ten pounds per centum on the annual value, estimated as aforesaid.

Other deductions as in the first: case.

THIRD CASE.

Lands in the occupation of tenants at rack rent.

The annual value of such lands shall be taken at the full amount of the rent reserved.

Deductions.

As in the first: case, if payable by the owner; and also the amount of the tythes, or the satisfaction for the same, and rates and taxes, if payable by the owner, and also the actual expences of collecting the rents.

FOURTH CASE.

Lands demised to tenants in confederation of a fine paid and rent re-

served.

The annual value of such lands shall be taken at the amount of the rent for one year, and of such further sum in respect of the fines from the said lands, as will amount to a sum equal to the receipts of one year, on such average as shall be settled or confirmed by the respective of before whom the question shall be depending.

DEDUCTIONS.

I 12

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

Deductions.

As in the first case, if payable by the owner.

FIFTH CASE.

Lands demised to tenants in confederation of a fine without rent re- served, or a nominal rent only.

A fair average of the fines, as under the fourth case.

Deductions.

As under the first case if payable by the owner.

SIXTH CASE.

Houses demised to tenants at rack rent.

The annual value of such houses shall be taken at the full amount of the rent reserved for one year.

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the tenant, as under the second case.

Other deductions, as under the first case, as far as the same are applicable, if payable by the owner.

SEVENTH CASE.

Houses demised to tenants in confederation of rent reserved and fine.

As under the fourth case, mutatis mutandis.

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the tenant, as under the second case,

Other deductions, as under the first case, as far as the same are applicable, if payable by the owner.

EIGHTH CASE.

Houses demised to tenants in confederation of a fine, without rent or a nominal rent only.

As under the fifth case, mutatis mutandis.

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the tenant, as under the second case.

Other deductions, as under the first case, as far as the same are applicable, if payable by the owner.

NINTH CASE.

Tythes in respect of owners.

To be estimated on a fair average for three years preceding, of the actual value, if taken in kind, regard, in such case, being had to the expence incurred in collecting the same, or, if compounded for, of the compositions received for the same.

Deductions.

As under the first case, as far as the same are applicable, if payable by the owner; and also all payments made on account of parochial and other rates, taxes, and assessments, in respect of such tythes which shall be payable by the owner.

TENTH

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13* 113

TENTH CASE.

Profits of manors, or of timber or woods, usually cut, periodically, and in certain proportionsmines, and other profits of uncertain annual amount.

Value on such average as shall be settled by the respective of before whom the question shall be depending, except in the case of mines, where the average shall be taken on a term not exceeding five years.

Deductions.

As under the first case, as far as the same are applicable, if payable by the owner.

2d. INCOME of tenants of lands, tenements, and hereditaments.

ELEVENTH CASE.

Lands for hereditaments occupied by tenants at rack rents.

If the annual value of such lands or hereditaments, estimated as herein-before directed in the general rule for estimating the annual value of all land, be under three hundred pounds, then the income shall be taken at not less than one half, or more than two thirds of such value; and if at three hundred pounds or upwards, then at not less than three fifths or more than three fourths of such value.

Deductions.

Such and no other deductions as are herein-aftercomprifed under the head of General Deductions, if payable by the tenant.

TWELFTH CASE.

Mines, tythes, woods, and other hereditaments of uncertain amount, when occupied by tenants, to be charged as the same would be charged in the hands of the owner, deducing also the reut payable for the same.

THIRTEENTH CASE.

Lands or tenements demised in consideration of fines, whether with or without a rent reserved.

The value of such lands or tenements shall be estimated at the value at which the same would be estimated in the case of an owner occupying the same, deducing therefrom a sum equal to the annual value of payments refer ved to the owner, as directed to be estimated in the fourth case.

Deductions as in the eleventh case.

3d. INCOME of mesne leffors, under demises, in consideration of

fines?, whether with or without a rent reserved, and of lands or tenements demised upon improveable leases.

FOURTEENTH CASE.

In every such case, every mesne lessor or leffors shall be charged as owner, deducting therefrom such rent and average of

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

fines (if any) as shall be paid thereout to his or her immediate lessor.

II. INCOME arising from personal property and from trades, profejjlons, offices^ penficns, flipench, employments, vocations.

FIFTEENTH CASE.

I ft. INCOME from any trade, profeffiion, office, pension, flip end, employment, #r vocation.

The annual value to be taken for the first year of being charged, either at not less than the full amount of the profits or gains of such trade, profession, office, pension, stipend, employment, or vocation, within the preceding year, or at the election of the person charged, at a sum not less than the fair and just average for one year of the amount of the profits or gains of such trade, profession, office, pension, stipend, employment, or vocation, in the three years preceding, and in all succeeding years, the annual value to be reckoned according to the same mode which the said person shall have chosen to take in the first year.

Deductions.

No other deductions to be made from such annual value, than such as are herein after comprized under the head of General Deductions; except two thirds of the rent paid by the tenants of houses, part whereof is occupied and used by such tenants as an open shop for retail trade only; or by innkeepers and other persons licensed to sell wine, ale, or other liquors, by retail; or by persons keeping any school, academy, or seminary for learning, and usually having their scholars to board and lodge (to a number not less than ten) in their respective dwelling houses; and also, except any rate charged in respect thereof bp virtue of any act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax; or on offices, pensions, stipends, or personal estates, by any act for the services of the year for which the computation shall be made; or upon pensions, or salaries, fees, and wages, in respect of offices of profit, by an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of King George the First; or upon pensions, gratuities, offices, or employments of profit, by an act passed in the thirty* first year of his late majesty King George the Second.

SIXTEENTH CASE.

2d. INCOME from annuities, interest of money, rent charge, or other payments of the like nature.

The annual value with respect to income derived from property possessed by the same person during the whole of the preceding year, to be taken at not less than the whole income which became payable in respect thereof, within the year preceding, ending on the fifth day of February in each year, or on such other day of the year as the annual payments have been usually

usually completed; and with respect to income arising from property not possessed by the same person during the whole of the preceding year, at not less than the whole income (as far as the same can be computed) which will become payable in the succeeding year.

General Deductions to be allowed; and also any tax or charge in respectl: of the same, imposed by any act or acts.

III. INCOME arising out of Great Britain. SEVENTEENTH CASE.

1 ft. From foreign possessions.

The full amount of the actual annual net income received in Great Britain, either estimating such receipt in the first year of being charged, at the election of the person charged, according to the year ending the fifth day of February immediately preceding such estimate, or according to the average of the three years preceding such fifth day of February, or on such day in each year on which the account, of such income has been usually made up; and in all succeeding years, the annual receipt to be reckoned in the same mode which the person charged shall have chosen to take in the first year.

General Deductions to be allowed.

EIGHTEENTH CASE.

2d. MONET arising from foreign fscarifies.

The annual income of such securities, if the same were existing in the preceding year, to be estimated according to the produce of such year, and if the same were not then existing, to be computed upon the expedfted produce of the current year.

General Deductions to be allowed.

IV. INCOME not falling under any of the foregoing rules.

Such income to be estimated to the the best of the knowledge and belief of the person entitled thereto; and such estimate to he delivered to the of, together with a statement of the nature of such income, and the grounds on which the amount thereof shall have been so estimated.

General Deductions to be allowed.

GENERAL DEDUCTIONS FROM INCOME.

I. The amount of annual interest payable for debts owing by the party, or charged upon the property of the party, from which any income shall a'rife.

?* (El!*0<

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

2. The amount of allowances to any child or children, or other relations, such child or children, or other relation or relations not making a part of the family of the party, and of whose names and places of residence the assessors and surveyors shall have had notice.

3. A defied taxes under the two acts of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the duties on houses, windows, and lights, on inhabited houses, and on clocks and watches; and for granting to his Majesty other duties on houses, windows, and, lights, and on inhabited houses, in lieu thereof; and for repealing the duties upon male servants, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof.

4. The amount of any annuity payable by the party, either as a debt or charge upon his or her income, (excepting any payment to the wife of any party living with such party, for which she, or any trustees or trustees on her behalf, shall not be duly charged under this act).

5. Persons who have made or shall make insurance on their respective lives, or on the lives of their respective wives, shall be at liberty, in addition to any other deductions, to dedudi the amount of the premium of such insurance for the current year.

6. Persons entitled to any income during and depending upon the life or lives of any other person or persons who have made, or shall make, insurance on the life or lives of such other person or persons, shall be at liberty, in addition to any other deductions, (except the deduction herein after mentioned), to dedudb the amount of the premiums of such last mentioned insurance for the current year; provided that if, after the death of such other person or persons on whose life or lives such insurance shall have been made, the income, or any part thereof from which such premiums have been deduced, shall be continued, or the estate from whence the same arose renewed, or shall have been usually continued, or the estate from whence the same arose shall have been usually renewed by the payment of a fine or fines, then and in such case no deduction shall be allowed on account of such fine or fines which shall have been paid, or would become payable, on any such renewal.

PARTICULAR DEDUCTIONS FROM INCOME.

1. The amount of the tenths paid by any ecclesiastical person within the year preceding that in which the computation shall be made.

2. Procurations and fynodals paid by ecclesiastical persons, on an average of seven years preceding that in which the computation shall be made.

3. Repairs of chancels of churches by any rector, vicar, or other person bound to repair the same, on an average of twenty-one years preceding as aforesaid.

STATEMENTS

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.

STATEMENTS of INCOM

In the cases of all persons resident in Great Britain, and persons generally resident out of Great Britain, having income under two hundred pounds:

I A.B. do declare, That my income [or, in the case of a trufee, agent, receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, that the income of C.D. or, of the corporation, company, fraternity, or society of as the case may he, for whom I am a trustee,

agent, receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee] estimated according to the directions and rules of an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act [herefet forth the title of the act] doth not exceed the sum of [in all cases where the income exceeds sixty pounds,

and does not amount to two hundred pounds, add afo] and that 1 am willing to pay the sum of for my contribution [or in

the case of a trufee, agent, receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, I do propose on behalf of the said C.D. that the sum of should be paid for his, [her, or their] contribution]

for one year, from the fifth day of April to the fifth day of April the same being not less than one

part of my [or, his, her, or their] income, estimated as aforesaid, to be paid according to the directions of the said act. Dated the

Signed

WE whose names are underwritten do testify that thefignature of*is of his proper hand writing, and that the same was signed in our presence.

INCOME of TWO HUNDRED POUNDS, or upwards:

I A.B. do declare, That I am willing to pay the sum of

for my contribution, [or, in the case of a trufee, agent, receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, or in the case of any corporation, company, fraternity, or society of persons, I A.B. do propose on the behalf of G. D. or of the corporation, company, fraternity, or society of [as the case may he] for whom I am

trustee, agent, receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, that the sum of should be paid for his, [her or their]

contribution] for one year, from the fifth day of April until the fifth day of April in pursuance of an act,

intituled An act, he* And I do declare, That the said sum of is not less than one tenth part of my [or,

his, her, or their] income, estimated according to the directions


Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13. [1798.

and rules prescribed by the said act, to the best of my knowledge and belief. Dated

Signed

WE whose names are underwritten do testify that the signature of is of his proper hand writing, and that the

lame was signed in our presence.

(C).

NOTICE to be given to the assessors by any person engaged in trade or manufacture, or by any body, corporation, company, fraternity, or society. v

TAKE notice, That I, [or we, if partners, or if not on his ozun account, on the behalf of ] am \_or are] engaged in

trade or manufacture, viz.*\herefet forth the branch or branches of trade or manufacture^ and the place or places where the same is carried on] and mean to be charged to the rates and duties granted by an act of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, under the powers and provisions veiled in and given to the commercial of for the

of in the county of - v

SCHEDULE

(D)

SCHEDULE of INCOME of

IN

*3-

DESCRIPTION of PROPERTY' from which INCOME anfesy

on an average f

deration of a fine paid and rent^of years I

reserved   f aronnnt nf rt-rif J

Lands occupied by me as owner Houses and buildings occupied by me as owner Lands in occupation of tenants at rack rent

1 amount of fines f. s. d. Lands demised to tenants in confi- j

amount of rent

Lands demised to tenants in confi deration of a ( aniount^|)line, without any rent reserved, or nominal J receiv^ > P- y rent only - - -)on an average f

3 v of years j

Houses demised to tenants at rack rent

Houses demised to tenants in consideration of rent reserved and fine Houses demised to tenants in consideration of a fine without rent, or a nominal rent, only Tythes received in kind, or composition reserved for the same -

C amount of average re-( ceipt for three years

d.

yearr

Profits (

manors - average receipt for I timber - do - do

r J woods - do - do

0 A mines - do-not exceeding five years / other profits of uncertain amount -do for years

Lands or hereditaments demised to me, as tenant at rack rent / manors -

timber - - woods -

' other heredita-

d.

Profits of < ments of

uncer- \ t2in amount -

Annual Fable.

demised to me, average the same as the 10th case, dedueling the rent A payable.

' v (taking in as in the 9th*)

\tythes < kind com- >case, dednd-

[ pounded for 3 ing the rent )

Lands or tenements demised to mein consideration of a fine, whether with or without a rent reserved; annual value

Lands ortenements demised to me in confederation 'i % of fine, with or without a rent, and underlet to

a tenant - 3

/Lands demised to me at rent, and underlet to a v tenant at an improved rent -

From profelfion, offices, pensions, fiipends, employment, trade or vocation -

From annuities, interest of money, rent charge, and other pay-^j ments and allowances applied to my use, including income of I the wife, if any, for which ffie or her trustee or trustees shall net > - be charged by virtue of this act, living with husband, though I separately secured -

From foreign possessions -

From money arising from foreign securities -

From any income not falling under any of the above heads, or ] within the rules prescribed by the ad - - t

Nature of the income, and grounds on which)- -

the amount thereof is estimated j J

Total amount of property - -

Deductions from above -

Income chargeable -

PO

A.B. [Defer\ption\ of the Division of

DEDUCTIONS.

Land tax payable on the several proporties mentioned } under Nos on the other lide, from the (

*d.

to the

day of

years on the other side do do do do

day of last past Fines paid upon an avei'age of Fee farm rents payable out of Nos Quit rents, payable out of Nos Kent charges, payable out of N03 Ground rent, payable out of N*

Other rents, payable out of N03 Tenths

Procurations, fynodals, payable (by ecclesiastical persons) out of Nos upon an average of seven years

Of farm, with principal messuage, under Nos Of farm buildings, without principal messuage, under Nos -

Of draining lands, under Nos Rena* -I Of embankments, under Nos

" 11 Si Of houses and buildings not occupied with a farm, under NJ3 Of chancels of churches by rectors, vicars and others bound to repair the same, upon an average of 21 years

txC_2

s. d.

Tythes

' Expences in collecting the same, upon an average of three years -

Value thereof paid in kind, upon do average Value of composition for the same, upon do average -

d.

 d*

Annual interest payable for debts, charged on N-

Allowances to children, or other relations viz. [ Assessed taxes under acts 38 Geo. III. c. 40, Se 41. Annuities -

Land tax on personal estates, offices, pensions, See. Premiums of insurance on life

Total amount of deductions

., d.

i}

Memorandum:  The local ftuation of the several properties in the oppofte column ?nujl here be described under their respective numbers; and ij in Great Britain, the several petrifies and counties in fwhich they are situate> together with the several places of ref dene e of the party.

Witness my hand, this day of

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 13.

(E.)

DECLARATION of the Number of CHILDREN.

I A.B. do declare, That I have the under-mentioned child (or children) born in lawful Wedlock, and maintained by me at my expence; (videlicet) C.D. of the age of E. F\ of the

age of and G. H. of the age of in respect of whom

I claim an abatement in pursuance of the said act, and am ready to verify this my declaration as the act requires.

(F.)

PRECEPT of the COMMISSIONERS.

WE being of the of appointed to carry into execution the general purposes of an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act, [here set forth the title of the act*] for the of do hereby

require you to return, or cauie to be returned, within the space of ten days after the date of this our precept, at our office, situate at between the hour of in the forenoon and the hour of in the afternoon, unto us, or such of the of appointed for the purposes aforesaid, for the said of who shall be there present at the time of making

your return, a schedule of particulars of property from which your income, chargeable under the said act, ought to be estimated, with the amount of deductions to be made therefrom, under the heads contained in, and according to the forms hereunto annexed, or such of them as the case shall require. Thereof fail not.

---

Given under our hands, this __________ day of __________.

[Index to income tax act removed.]

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 14. 125

CAP. XIV.

An act for exempting, during the present war, certain persons, serving in volunteer corps, from being ballotted for the supplementary militia, under certain conditions; and for making out new lists of men liable to serve in the said militia.

[January 9, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act passed in the thirty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

---

An act for providing 37 Geo. 3. an augmentation to the militia, to be trained and exercised in c. 3* the manner therein directed, and for enabling his Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of necessity, for the defence of these kingdoms 3 all persons serving in any corps of volunteers raised by virtue of an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for encouraging and 34- Geo. 3. disciplining such corps or companies of men as shall voluntarily c. 3r> and enrol themselves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coasts, or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the present war, and who should have been duly enrolled in such corps on or before the twentieth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, are exempted from being liable to serve per finally, or to provide a substitute, in the said Jiipplementary militia to be raised by virtue of the said first-receited act: and whereas it will be conducive to the further fe.curiiy and defence of these kingdoms, that the said exemption should, under certain conditions, be extended to all volunteers raised, or to be raised, under the said last mentioned act, or under an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence and security of the realm during the present war; and for indemnifying persons who may suffer in their property, by such measures as may be necessary for that purpose: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in every case where any volunteer corps of in- Persons en-fantry or cavalry, raised under the said acts passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-seventh years of the reign of his present COrpS raisect Majesty, or under either of the said acts, shall consent and under the acts agree, in manner herein after mentioned, when called out, to of the 34th place itself under the command of any general officer within the military district where such corps may be formed, to serve in any part of the said district in case of actual invasion, or of the not, on ccr-actual appearance of the enemy on the coast, or of the danger tain con.lief invasion being so imminent as to make it adviseable for the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, or any of them, to give orders provideafub* for the removal of cattle, corn, or any other articles which may dilute in the be of advantage to the enemy, or useful to the publick krvice, hipplemen--in the manner mentioned in the said last mentioned ad, or shall tarF consent and agree, or shall have contented and agreed, to any

Geo. 3. c. zy, recited.

126 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 14. [1798.

other more extensive conditions of service, all and every the persons enrolled, or to be enrolled, and serving in such corps, shall be exempted from being liable to serve personally, or to provide a substitute to serve, in the said supplementary militia.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such consent of any such corps of volunteers to the terms and conditions of service herein-before mentioned, or to any other more extensive conditions of service, shall be certified under the hand of the commanding officer- thereof, and that such certificate shall be added to the muster roll herein after mentioned, and shall, together with such muster roll, be transmitted by such commanding officer to the lieutenant of the county or place where such corps shall be raised; and that the consent of each person hereafter to be enrolled in such corps to the terms and condi-the consent of tions of service so agreed to by such corps, shall be signified to persons here- the commanding officer thereof, under the hand of every such

Consent of the corps to the conditions to be certified by the commanding officer, and added to the muster roll, and trans-miited to the county lieutenant, and

person respectively, at the time of his enrolment in such corps; and that such consent shall thereupon, in every such case, be certified by such commanding officer, together with the return of the enrolment of such person, to the lieutenant of the county

after enrolled to be signified to the commanding officer, &c.

The names of or place where such corps shall be raised, or to such person as may be appointed by such lieutenant to receive such certificates,

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the names of all such volunteers, now enrolled and serving in any such corps, shall be entered on a muster roll, a copy of which shall be transmitted to the lieutenant of the county on or before the tenth day of February next, signed by the commanding officer of the corps or company to which such volunteers shall belong; and that monthly returns, specifying the enrolment of all such persons as may after the passing of this act be enrolled in any such corps, shall be, in like manner, transmitted by the commanding officer after the paf- thereof to such lieutenant, or to some person appointed by him fmg of this act, to receive the same; and that all such muster rolls and returns shall be certified by such lieutenant, or other person as aforesaid.

volunteers now enrolled to be entered on a muster roll, and transmitted ro the county lieutenant, by Feb. io, 1799; anc* monthly returns of persons enrolled

to the clerk of the general meetings of the lieutenancy, within

to be transmitted, in like manner,

and certified ten days after they shall have been so transmitted; and the said by the Jieute- clerk of the general meeting is hereby required forthwith to cler^o/the tranim^t copies thereof to the several subdivision meetings holden general meet- for t^le Purpose of hearing appeals against the militia lift returned ing, who shall from each parish.

fend copies to

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That fresh the subdivi- muster rolls shall, in the present and every future year, be transmitted in the like manner to the lieutenant of the ^county, or other person authorised as aforesaid to receive the same, on or before the twenty-fourth day of December, and shall be certified by him to the clerk of the general meeting thereof by the fifth day mined yearly Gf January following, in the manner and for the purposes herein-l^menants1^ before mentioned; and that the commanding officer so trans-and certified mitting the same, shall annex thereto a certificate signed by him-bythemrothe self, certifying that he has not, to the bed of his knowledge and clerks o( the belief, inserted in the said muster roll the name of any person general meet- who

fion meetings for hearing appeals.

Muster rolls to be trans-

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 14. 127

who has not, since the date of the passing of this acI, (or since ing*> ar, d the the date of his enrolment, if the same shall have been posterior

to the passing of this act), duly attended at the exercise of the annex a certi-corps, unless prevented by sickness; or by such other sufficient ficate that the 'reason as shall have been duly allowed by the commanding persons inofficer; and no person shall at any time be entitled to claim

such exemption as aforesaid, unless his name shall be found attended ex- either oil the lad muster rolls which shall have been so rranf- ercife. mitted and certified as aforesaid, or on some monthly return No person to which shall be poderior thereto. be entitled to

V. And be it further enacted, That no person shall

titled to claim such exemption as aforesaid by reason of his en- commanding rolment and service in any corps of volunteers, unless the com-officer certify manding officer thereof shall, at the times of transmitting the that the corps muster rolls of such corps in manner aforesaid, certify at the foot thereof that such corps has been inspected at lead once in the 3 months, by space of the three months immediately preceding the date there- a general or of, by some general or field officer of his Majesty's regular field officer, forces, or, if such inflection shall not have taken place, that ^ad^tobe such corps is ready and willing to be so inspebfed, at lead twice inspdcded in the six months immediately following, at its usual place of Copies of cer-places and times of meeting; copies of which certificates shall tihc.nes to be be certified by such lieutenant to the clerk of the general meet-certified to.in, and by him to the subdivision meetings, together with the-the cl<\rk muster rolls. Sings.

VI. And, with a view to the letter execution of this act, be

it further enabled, That his Majesty's lieutenants of the several County lieu*

tenants to 5 transmit

counties and places in Great Britain, shall, once in every yea transmit to one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of date, an yearly to a abstrabl of the several muder rolls so transmitted to them re- secretary of speblively within the year; which abdrabt shall express, the date, an ab-names of the several corps, the number of persons enrolled and m^fterrof^ serving therein respectively, their conditions of service, and whether the same have been inspected, or are willing to be in-spebled, as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That muder rolls, returns, Muller roils,

and certificates, respectively made up, returned, and certified, fbe

according to the several forms thereof, A.B. C, and D, an- ed^r instru- nexed to this act, shall be deemed to be sufficient and valid for meats of a the purposes of the same; but that if, from any'variation of cir- similarim-cumdances, or other reason, these forms should not be dricfly Prt'to be adhered to, indruments of a similar import may nevertheless be aeemeci va [ # deemed sufficient for the purposes aforesaid.

VIII. And whereas it may be necessary, in consequence of the pro- vifeons of this act, to make our new lifts of men liable to serve in the said supplementary militia, be it further enacted, That the lieute- At the first nant, together with two deputy lieutenants, or (on the death or"^|e?^f^rmeet* removal or in the absence of the lieutenant) any three deputy lieutenants of every county, riding, or place, shall, in the man - ad, and in ner directed by the said fird-recited act, at the fird general ev^T future meeting to be holden after the passing of this act, cause full and j*gr, 0"^e

correbt1

128

men liable to serve in the fiipplemen-tary militia, to be made out; and out of which the subdivision meetings to cause the number wanting to be ballotted for.

Continuance of ad.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 14. [1798.

correct lifts to be made out of all persons liable to serve in the said supplementary militia, for such county, riding, or place, and in every future year shall in like manner make out new lifts, or cause the former lifts to be amended by adding new names thereto, and striking out the names of persons not liable to be ballotted for the said supplementary militia, as the said lieutenant and deputy lieutenants respectively shall think proper; and the said deputy lieutenants shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, at their respective subdivision meetings, out of the lifts which shall so from time to time be made out, to cause the number of men to be ballotted for which shall be wanting to complete the said supplementary militia.

IX. And be it enacted, That this act shall have continuance during the present war, and no longer.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 14.

FORMS referred to in the above ACT.

A.

FORM of muster rolls and certificates, to be transmitted by the commanding officers of volunteer corps to the lieutenant of the county or place, on or before the tenth of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and on or before the twenty-fourth day of December, in that and every succeeding year.

CO

(S'

3

CD 4 CX.

vg When enrolled.

2; 0

Name.

When enrolled

2 0

1 Name.

When enrolled.

No.

2; 3 p

When enrolled.

2 0

Name.

When enrolled.

/ 2 c

Name.

When enrolled.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 14. [1798.

CERTIFICATE.

1^ K. L. commanding officer of the do

hereby certify, in pursuance of an act of parliament, passed in the thirty*ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for exempting, during the present war, certain persons, serving in volunteer corps, from being ballotted for the supplementary militia, under certain conditions; and for making out new lijls of men liable to serve in the said militia; that the conditions of service agreed to by the said corps of are as

follows; videlicet, That the said corps has consented, (herespecify the conditions of service); and that all and every the per Tons named in the above muster roll have duly signified to me, (or other commanding officer of the corps), their consent thereto,

[AT*. B. The following paragraph is to be omitted in the mujler roll to be sent on or before the tenth of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; but is to be infer ted in all those to be transmiued on or before the twenty-fourth of December in each year].

(And I do further certify, That I have not, to the best of my knowledge and belief, inserted, or caused to be inserted, in the above muster roll, containing {specify the number) names, the name of any person who has not, since the date of the passing the said act of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, [or since the date of his enrolment, if the same has been posterior to the passing iho fnid aft], duly attended at the exercise of the corps, unless prevented by sickness, or by such other sufficient reason as hath been duly allowed by me, or by the commanding officer of the corps for the time being).

And I do further certify, That the said corps (hath, in the course of the three months immediately preceding the date hereof, been inspected by A.B. general (or field) officer in his Majesty's service), or, (hath not within the last three months been inspected in the manner required by the said act:, but is ready and willing to be so inspected, as in the said act is provided.)

Dated the 17

Signed,

K. L. Commanding Officer.

form

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 14.

B.

FORM of consent of each person hereafter to be enrolled in any corps of volunteers, to the conditions of service thereof.

To -S'. L. commanding officer of the of volunteers.

I, C.D. having enrolled myself in the said corps, do hereby consent and engage myself to the conditions of service thereof, videlicet, [here specify the conditions of service, either in the words of this act) or otherwise, as the case may be].

Signed C.D.

Dated the 17

c.

FORM of monthly return and certificate of volunteer corps, to be transmitted by the commanding officer thereof to the lieutenant of the county or place.

To A.B. his Majesty's lieutenant for the of

MONTHLY RETURN of the of commanded by

Colonel. I Lieut. Colonel, j 1 Major. Captains. j [ Captain Lieut, j Lieutenants. j Cornets. Ensigns. Quarter Masters.} Serjeants. Corporals. Trumpeters, Drummers. Fifers. Privates. Enrolled 6ince last return. Discharged or dead since last return.

No. Names. No. Names.

- -

Signed, K, L. Commanding Officer.

I, K* L. commanding officer of the do hereby

certify, that the several persons whose names are herein contained, as enrolled in the said corps since the last return thereof, have duly signified to me [or other commanding officer of the corps), under their hands, their consent to the conditions of service thereof.

---

132 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 15. [1798.

D.

ABSTRACT of muster rolls to be yearly transmitted by the lieutenants of counties, &c. to one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state.

---

To M. N. one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state.

ABSTRACT of muster rolls of volunteer corps within the of r received by me 0. P. his Majesty's lieutenant for the same, since the day of in the year

No. Names and description of corps. Number of persons enrolled, and lerv-ing the rein. Conditions of Service. When inspected, or if willing to be so, as required by the act 39 Geo. III.

1 Gentlemen & Yeomanry. 60. As required in the act 39 Geo. III. Inspected OS. % 5> 1799.

2 Infantry. IOO. Within the said town only. Not inspetsted, but willing to be so.

3 Ditto. 70. Tn any part of Great Britain. Ditto.

Sec. Sec. See. Sec. Sec.

---

CAP. XV.

An act to continue, until the twenty-first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

[January 9, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government, which act was to continue in force until the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer: and whereas it is necessary for the publick safety that the provisions of the said act should be further continued: and for the better preservation therefore of his Majesty's sacred person, and for securing the peace of the kingdom, and the laws and liberties thereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 15. 133

spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Persons imprisoned for high treason &c. may be detained till May 21, 1799, &c.]

That every person or persons that are or shall be in prison within the kingdom of Great Britain at or upon the day on which this act shall receive his Majesty's royal assent, or after, by warrant of his said Majesty's most honourable privy council, signed by six of the said privy council, for high treason, suspicion of high treason, or treasonable practices, or by warrant, signed by any of his Majesty's secretaries of state, for such causes as aforesaid, may be detained in safe custody, without bail or mainprize, until the twenty-first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and that no judge or justice of the peace shall bail or try any such person or persons so committed, without order from his said Majesty's privy council, till the said twenty-first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Act in Scotland of 1701, for preventing wrongous imprisonment, so far as may relate to treason, &c. suspended till May 21, 1799, &c.]

II. And be it further enacted, That the act made in Scotland in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and one, intituled An act for preventing wrongous imprisonment, and against undue delays in trials, in so far as the same may be construed to relate to cases of treason and suspicion of treason, be suspended until the said twenty-first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and that until the said day no judge, justice of the peace, or other officer of the law in Scotland, shall liberate, try, or admit to bail, any person or persons that is, are, or shall be, in prison within.Scotland, for such causes as aforesaid, without order from his Majesty's privy council, signed by six of the said privy council.

[From May 21, 1799, persons committed to have the benefit of all laws providing for the liberty of the subject, &c.]

III. Provided always, That, from and after the said twenty-first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the said persons so committed shall have the benefit and advantage of all laws and statutes any way relating to or providing for the liberty of the subjects of this realm.

[Privileges of parliament not invalidated by this act.]

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act shall be construed to extend to invalidate the ancient parliament rights and privileges in parliament, or to the imprisonment or detaining of any member of either house of parliament, during the sitting of such parliament, until the matter of which he stands suspected be first communicated to the house of which he is a member, and the consent of the said house obtained for his commitment or detaining.

[Persons against whom indictments for high treason are already formed, to be tried thereon.]

V. Provided nevertheless, That any person or persons in prison at the time of passing this act, against whom any bill or bills of indictment for high treason have been already formed, shall and may be tried on the same indictment, as if this act had never passed.

[Continuance of this act.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That this present act shall continue in force until the said twenty-first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer.

134 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 16  19. [1798.

CAP. XVI.

An act to revive and continue, until thirty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-six, videlicet, On the seventeenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, intituled, An act for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacent.

[January 9, 1799.]

CAP. XVII.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to provide admissions duly stamped; to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to allow to such persons who have omitted to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or servants, until the twenty-second day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for payment of the same; to indemnify attornies who have omitted to enter their certificates according to law, and for allowing them, until the first day of Easter term, to enter the same with the proper officer; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that purpose, until the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[January 9, 1799.]

CAP. XVIII.

An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[March 7, 1799.]

---

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 3, oooo, ooool. by loans and exchequer bills, before the first of May, 1799, like manner as is prescribed by the malt ad of this session concerning loans, See. The chuses, &c. in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes; nor exchanged before July 5, 1799- Action not to lie for refusal. Principal and interest, with charges, to be repaid out of instalments specified in such bills not later than May, June, and July, on any loan of this session, or on 39 Geo. 3. c. 13. and if the instalments paid before Nov. ao, 1799, be insufficient, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Monies so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act; notwithstanding the ad 5 and 6 Gul. Sc Mariae, c. 20. or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

CAP. XIX.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred.

[March ax, 1799.]

He'Dy

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 20. 135

CAP. XX.

An act for punishingmutiny and desertion-, and for the payment of the

army and their quarters. [March 21, 1799.]

[I Number of forces 52, 0519 including 5, 766 invalids.

XLVI. And whereas it may sometimes become necessary, in cases of emergency, to provide proper and speedy means for the carriage and conveyance not only of the arms, clothes, accoutrements, tents, baggage, and other equipage of and belonging to his Majesty's forces in their marches, but also of the officers, so Liters, few ants, women, children, and other persons of and belonging to such forces: and whereas it is expedient that provision should be made for enforceing prompt obedience to such orders as his Majesty may in such cases think fit to issue in pursuance of the powers by law vefed in him for the advancement of the general good and publick welfare of the realm; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be law- I*1 cases of ful for his Majesty, by his order, distinfly dating that such case the^etar of emergency doth exist, signified by the secretary at war for at wars by the time being to any general or field officer commanding his order of his Majesty's forces in any district or place, or to the commissary Majesty, may general of stores and provisions at home, to authorise such general or field officer, or commissary general as aforesaid, by field officer writing under his hand, reciting such order of his said Majesty, or the com-to require all justices of the peace within their several counties, mifiary gene-ridings, divisions, cities, liberties, and precimfts in England, ^jores Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, to issue his or their fions^tcTre-warrant or warrants for any of the purposes herein after men- quire justices tioned; and such justice or justices shall, when and as often as to issue war-such requifltion in writing as last mentioned shall be brought Saddle

and shewn unto any one or more of such justices, by the quar- e

ter master, adjutant, or other officer of the regiment, detach-four wheeled ment, troop or company, so ordered to be conveyed, or by any carriages, let officer in the department of the said commissary general, to issue out his or their warrant or warrants to the constables, or petty ufec^ri cana]s constables, of the county, division, riding, city, liberty, hundred or navigable and precinI, from, through, near, or to which such regiment, rivers, with detachment, troop, or company shall be so ordered to be con- j^er^egnd veyed, requiring them to make such provision not only of waggons, wains, and carts kept by or belonging to any person or nto

persons, and for any use or purpose whatsoever, but also of fad- warrauts

die horses, coaches, chaises and other four wheeled carriages for providing usually let to hire, or kept for that purpose; and also of boats, them, specify-barges, and other vessels, used for the carriage of coals, stone, thf,

i 0 r \ 1 t^ncc tncy 31 c

lime, manure, or of goods, wares or merchandizes, or any other to g0# articles or commodity whatsoever, upon any canal or navigable river, with able men and horses to drive, navigate, and draw the same, as shall be mentioned in the said warrant or warrants therein specifying the place or distance to which such horses,

136 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 20. [1798.

carriages, boats, barges, or other vessels and men shall go, and be conveyed, and allowing such constables sufficient time to make such provision, that the neighbouring parts may not always bear the burthen; and in case such sufficient carriages, horses, boats, barges, or other vessels, and men, cannot be provided within any such county, riding, division, hundred, city, liberty, or precinct, then the next justice or justices of the peace of the next county, riding, division, city, liberty, or precinct, shall, upon such requisition in writing as last: aforesaid being brought or shewn to any one or more of them, by any of the officers aforesaid, issue his or their warrant or warrants to the constables, or petty constables, of such next county, riding, city, liberty, division, hundred or precinct, for the purposes last aforesaid, to Officers de- make Up such deficiency; and the aforesaid officer or officers

t^paylor who, by virtue of the aforesaid warrant or warrants from the

their hire such justice or justices of the peace, are to demand the carriages, sums as the horses, boats, barges, or other vessels therein mentioned, of the

constable, or petty constable, to whom the said warrant or warrants shall be directed, is and are hereby required at the same time to pay down in hand to the said constable, or petty constable, for the use of the person or persons who shall provide such carriages, horses, boats, barges, or other vessels, and men, such reasonable sum and furns of money as the said justice or justices which in such shall in and by his or their said warrant or warrants order and cases are not direct, not exceeding the usual rate and hire of such and the like carriages, horses, boats, barges, or other vessels, and men, according to the length of the journey or voyage in each particular case, but making no allowance for post horse duty, or turnpike, canal, river or lock tolls (which duty or tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable or payable in such and the like cases, for any such carriages, horses, boats, barges and other vessels, whilst employed in such service or returning therefrom); for which said respective sum and sums so received, the said constable, or petty constable is hereby required to give a receipt in stamp$ and to writing, but without any stamp, to the person or persons paying order the the same; and such constable, or petty constable, shall order and be Dro ^d*"0 aPP^ntuch Person or persons having such horses, carriages, *boats, barges, or other vessels, and men, within their respedhtfe

liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnifti such horses, carriages, boats, barges, or other vessels, and men, according to the warrant or warrants aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly; and it shall and may be lawful in such cases, to and for all and every military officer and officers, for the use of whom, or of whose regiment, detachment, troop or company, such horses, carriages, boats, barges, or other vessels, shall be provided in such cases, to carry and convey, and permit to be carried and conveyed, on the same respectively, not only the arms, cloaths, accoutrements, baggage, tents, and other equipage of such regiment, detachment, troop, or company, but also the officers, soldiers, servants, women, children, and other persons of and belonging to the same;

justices shall direct, not exceeding the usual rates, but making no allowance for post horse duty or tolls,

demandable.

Constables to give a receipt without

Military officers may convey on them arms, clothes, accoutrements, baggage, equipage, officers, soldiers, servants, women, children, and other persons.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 20. 137

same; 'any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: but if any such officer or officers shall force and Penalty on constrain any horse, carriage, boat, barge, or other veil'd, to ^gho^fe^&c. travel or proceed beyond the distance or place to be allowed and to travel be-specified in such warrant or warrants, without the special licence yond the dif-or order of one or more other such justice or justices of the ta^cePeci-peace in that behalf, and which licence or order one or more of such justices is and are hereby authorised and required to give cence# and make at his and their reasonable discretion, every such officer for every such offence shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, proof thereof being made upon oath before two of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the same county or riding, division, city, liberty, or precind, who are to certify the same to the paymaster general, or other respective paymaster'of his Majesty's forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid sum of five pounds, according to the order and appointment under the hands and seals of the aforesaid justices of the peace of the same county, riding, division, city, liberty, or precind, and who is hereby empowered to dedud the same out of such officer's pay.

LV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and de- Clatife for dared by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of March one thousand seven hundred and enlisting ninety-nine, when and as oftert as any person or persons shall themselves. be enlisted as a soldier or soldiers in his Majesty's land service, hq or they shall within four days, but not sooner than twenty-four hours, after such inlisting respectively, be carried before the next justice of the peace of any county, riding, city, or place, or chief magistrate of any city or town corporate, (not being an officer in the army) and before such justice or chief magistrate he or they shall be at liberty to declare his or their distent to such in-lifting; and upon such declaration, and returning the inlisting money, and also each person so dissenting paying the sum of twenty shillings for the charges expended or laid out upon him, such person or persons so infilled shall be forthwith discharged and set at liberty, in the presence of such justice or chief magistrate; but if such person or persons shall refuseor neglect, within Such persons the space of twenty-four hours, to return and pay such money as ^one^ aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as within the if he or they had given his or their assent thereto before the said limited time, justice or chief magistrate; or if such person or persons shall de- to be deemed dare his or their having voluntarily infilled himself or them- which case lelyes, then such justice or chief magistrate shall, and he is hereby or if they en* required forthwith to read over, or in his own presence cause to 1 i ft, t h e j a ft ices be read over to such person or persons the second and sixth fee- to reac- ovtr tions of the articles of war against: mutiny and desertion, and to ^iul^th6 tender and administer to such person or persons respectively, not fccrions of the only the oath of fidelity mentioned in the said articles of war, articles of but also the oath mentioned in the schedule to this act annexed, war, and to marked (A.); and if such person or persons shall take the said oaths, then such justice or chief magistrate shall and he is hereby in feheduk required forthwith to certify under his hand the inlisting and.(A)

(wearing

138

Justices to certify the inlifiment in the form in schedule (B.)

Such persons refuting to take the oath of fidelity may hz confined.

Penalty on officers acting contrary hereto.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 20. [1798.

swearing, together with the place of the birth, age, and calling, if known, of such person or persons, in the form mentioned in the schedule to this act annexed, marked (B.); and if any such person or persons, so to be certified, shall wilfully refuse to take the said oath of fidelity before the said justice or thief magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such officer, from whom he has received such money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such person or persons until he or they shall take the said oath of fidelity; and every military officer that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall incur the like penalty and forfeiture as is by this act to be infiifted upon any officer for making a false and untrue muster; and the penalty and forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the same manner as any penalties or forfeitures are by this act to be levied or recovered.

SCHEDULE.

(A.)

FORM of OATH.

Ido make oath, that I am by trade a and,

to the bed of my knowledge and belief, was born in the parish of in the county of and that I have no

rupture, nor ever was troubled with fits, and am no ways disabled by lameness, or otherwise, but have the perfect use of my limbs; that I am not an apprentice, and that I do not belong to the militia, or to any other regiment, or to his Majesty's navy or marines.

As witness my hand at the day of

one thousand seven hundred and ninety Sworn before me at this day of 179

Witness present

(B.)

FORM OF JUSTICES CERTIFICATES.

t I T i & one of his Majesty's justices of the peace of  W1 '3 X (or chief magistrate of)certify.

That C.D. aged years feet inches high

complexion eyes hair, came before

me at on the day of 179 and acknowledged that he had voluntarily inlisted himself to serve his majesty King George the Third, in the regiment of

commanded by and I further certify that in

my presence, the second and sixth sections of the articles of war against mutiny and desertion were read over to him, and that he took the oath of fidelity mentioned in the said articles of war, and also the oath above set forth.

A.B.

Videlicet, the oath mentioned in the schedule marked (, b j

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 21. 139

CAP. XXI.

An act to amend and render more effectual two acts, pafifed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign and the present session of parliament, for the redemption and purchase of the land tax.

[March 21, 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make provision for facilitating

[Preamble.]

the redemption of the land tax by bishops, and other ecclesiastical persons, and by all corporations; and also to explain and amend two acts, pa fed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majests reign and the present session of parliament, for the redemption and purchase of the land tax: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much and such of the provisions of an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for making perpetual, subject to 38 Geo. 3. c. redemption and purchase in the manner therein fated, the fever al6a % sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety'eight and of another ad, made in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to enlarge the time limited for the redemption of the land tax, and to explain and amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for making perpetual, 39 Geo. 3. c. subject to redemption and purchase in the manner therein fated, the 6* several sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eights as require that the of ap- So much of pointed, or to be appointed, for carrying the said acts into exe- ^utres^lie18 cution, should consent to and approve of the sale of any manors, farSicm, &c. messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in England, of the commif-thereby respectively authorised to be sold for the redemption of sioners to the land tax, and also that such sales shall be by publick auction be-^re^j^n fore the said of, or by private contract, according to land tax & an estimate made and verified upon oath, and also such provisions [fee 38 Geo. as require that a schedule should be produced, and one month's 3* c. 60. f. 19, notice in writing given to the said of previously tog any such sale, and also all such other provisions as require the Qe'0 3 fandibn, direction, authority, or concurrence of the said com - f. 35. 38.42, missioners, to any sale to be made by virtue of the said acts, so 43h repealed* far as such restridive provisions, or any of them, relate to any fates^o tends manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments in Eng- of bodies pols-land, belonging to any bodies politick or corporate, or com-tick or cor-panies, in the said acts mentioned, which now are or hereafter porate.

shall be in their own occupation, or let to tenants at will, or from year to year, or for any term of years, or which shall be leased upon or be subject to any demise for years absolute, or for years determinable on lives, for which a fine or premium was or shall be paid, or for lives, where a rent was or shall be reserved, or a fine or premium paid, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this act, be, and the same are hereby repealed,

140

Seven of (being members of the privy council), may be appointed, by the King, for regelating such Tales by corporations.

Two to be sufficient to any a<f>.

Their oath.

AH such Tales by corporations shall be made under the direction of the commissioners for the purposes of this ac!, of whom two at leal!, shall be parties to the idle.

Corporations shall do all such acts for com pit ting

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 21. [1798.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from time to time, by letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain, to nominate and appoint seven persons (being respectively members of fiis Majesty's most honourable privy council) to be of for the purposes of regulating, directing, approving, and confirming all such sales, and contracts for sale, which shall be made by such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, for the purpose of redeeming any land tax charged on all or any of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, belonging to such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, whether in their own occupation, or let or demised as aforesaid; and that any two or more of such persons may do any act, matter, or thing, which by this act the said persons are authorised to do.

III. And be it further enacted, That every commissioner specially to be appointed for the purposes of this act, before he shall enter upon the execution of his office, shall take an oath to the effect following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and JL honestly, according to the best of my skill and judgement, execute the several powers and trusts reposed in me by an act of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, intituled An act [here insert the title of this act]y according to the tenor and purport of the said act.

So help me GOD.

Which oath shall and may be administered by any one of the persons named to be a commissioner to any other or others of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all sales which shall be made from and after the passing of this act, by any such bodies politick or corporate, or companies aforesaid, for the purpose of redeeming the land tax charged upon any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, belonging to them, whether in possession, or let or leased, upon or subject to any such demise as aforesaid, shall be made by and under the direction and authority of the of to be appointed for the purpose of executing this act; and such sales shall, when approved and confirmed by the said of, or any two or more of them, be as valid and effectual, in all respect!s, as if the same had been made and executed in the manner, and under and according to the several restrictions and regulations mentioned in the said recited acts: provided always, That no such sale shall be valid and effectual unless two at leaf! of the said of, to be appointed for the purposes of this act, shall certify their content thereto and approbation thereof, by signing and {baling the same as parties thereto.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all such bodies politick or corporate, and companies, who shall be desirous of making any such sale or sales as aforesaid, shall do and execute

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 141

all such acts, matters, and things, for completing such Tales as Tales as the aforesaid, as the said of, to be appointed for the purposes of this act, shall from time to time require; and all and p^rchaf- every the purchasers of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, ers shall \y\y or hereditaments, which shall be sold by the direction and under money into the authority of the said of to be appointed for the j^ba: former purposes of this act, shall pay their respective purchase monies a(cj-s# into the bank of England, and do all such other acts, matters, and things, as by the said acts are required to be done by purchasers of estates under the authority of the same,

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That hot- EcclesiafUcal withstanding any thing in the said first recited act contained, Pe ^s^c* requiring the confirmation of certain bodies and persons to the fajcs w-ltk sale of any estates belonging to spiritual and ecclesiastical bodies the consent of or persons, no further or other consent, authority, approbation, of or confirmation, shall be required to enable such Tales by any^6*

spiritual or ecclesiastical bodies politick or corporate, whether aggregate or foie, for the purpose of redeeming the land tax finem.] charged upon all or any of his or their estates, than such consent, authority, approbation, or confirmation, of the of to be appointed for the purposes of this act, as is hereby required.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the statement made to the said of for executing the purposes of this act, contracts*" by any bodies politick or corporate, or companies aforesaid, for such Tales respecting any such contrafts for sale or intended Tales as afore- are not satis-said, or the value of the estate or estates proposed to be sold, shall f^story to the not be satisfactory to the said of, it shall be lawful e^Sejnnay for them to require such information to be given them respecting require mfor-any matters or things relating to any such contrafts or Tales as mation on the they shall deem necessary, and to receive any affidavits or depofi- subjVft, and tions to be made before any of or persons who are 0'

or shall be authorised to take affidavits in causes depending in any made before of the courts at Westminster, or before any justice of the peace, of respecting any such matters or things relating to any such con- taking tract or sale as aforesaid, which affidavits or depositions any two one jhiitice of of such of, or any one justice, or other person afore- the peace, said, is and are hereby empowered to administer.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said of Commission-to be appointed for the purposes of this act, shall and may em- ^feT^ctary5 ploy a secretary, and all such other officers and persons as may officers, &c. be necessary; and shall and may, from time to time, at their discretion, dismiss and discharge such secretary, or other officers and persons, and appoint others in their place.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the The fabries lords of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or of secretary, more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to ^ces'of order and direct any sum or sums of money to be issued and paid commission-out of any aids or supplies granted, or to be granted by parlia- ers, to be ment, for the service of the year in which such expences shall be paid by the incurred, for the payment of salaries to such secretary and officers, treaiui >'

Land tax redeemed by bishops, &c

142 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 21. [1798.

and for discharging such incidental expences as shall necessarily be incurred by the said of in the execution of this act, in such manner as the said lords of, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer, shall from time to time think fit and reasonable in that behalf.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, belonging to any

to be in future bishop or other ecclesiastical corporation, shall be sold in purfu-

considered an additional yearly rent, and the present and all future demises, of the lands.

In case of failure of payment of instalments by purchasers on such sales, the seller, his executors, sucessors, &c. shall not be liable to any

ance of this act, the land tax redeemed thereby shall be considered as yearly rent payable to such bishop or ecclesiastical corporation, his and their successors, over and above the reserved rent if any, during the demise existing at the time of such sale, and shall be recovered and paid as such; and the land tax so redeemed shall, in all future demises of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, be added to the ancient and accustomed yearly rent reserved or made payable during the terms granted by such demises, and shall be reserved and made payable as such accustomed yearly rent, during the terms to be granted as aforesaid, and shall be recovered and recoverable as such accustomed rent, by the like remedies as such bishops or other ecclesiastical corporations may use for the recovery of the ancient and accustomed rent reserved upon such demises.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when on any sale of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments to be made by any such person, body, corporation, or company, by virtue of this act, it shall be agreed, that the purchase money shall be paid by instalments, and the purebafer or purchasers thereof shall fail or neglect to pay any of such instalments, or the interest thereon, or any part thereof, into the bank, in the times stipulated in the contract for the payment thereof, or in the manner required by this act, no such person, body, corporation, or company, nor the executors or administrators of any

penalty im

Cleo! 35c!^6o- such Person, nor the successor or successors of any such body, [fee f. 96.100'corporation, or company, shall be subject or liable to any pe-and also f 79, nalty or forfeiture by the said first recited act imposed, in case of aft In 013 Hi all desaidtn t^e trans^er of any of instalments agreed to be the lancTtax transferred on the contract entered into by such person, body, be revived; corporation, or company, for the redemption of the land tax but all such charged on their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here-Pe^sshall ditaments; nor shall the land tax so contracted for be revived or purchase/and aga*n become chargeable on the manors, messuages, lands, tene- ments, and hereditaments, whereon the same was charged prior to such contract; but all such penalties and forfeitures shall be paid, sustained, and borne by such purchaser or purchasers, his, her, or their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns; and all the subsequent instalments of such purchase money shall be recoverable as a debt ta his Majesty upon record, against him, her, or them, and against his, her, or their estates, goods, chattels, and effects.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no mines or minerals, or seams or veins of coal, metals, or other

future instalments recoverable as a debt from him to the King on record.

Mines, &c. shall not pass by conveyance

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 21.43

profits of the like nature, belonging to any manors, messuages, of hind fold, ands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be sold by any nrga^r<?w- bishop or other ecclesiastical corporation aforesaid, for the pur- h ^he^. pose of redeeming any land tax, whether the same shall be are appendant opened or unopened, nor any right, title, or claim to open or to the land 5 work the same, nor any advowson, or right of patronage or spends presentation to any living or ecclesiastical benefice, or right of fUcMands* nomination to any perpetual curacy, shall pass by any convey- shall remain ance of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or heredita- chargeable ments, either by express or general words in such conveyance, thereon, although such advowson, right of patronage, or presentation or nomination may be appendant or appurtenant to such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments; and such mines or minerals, seams or veins of coal, metal, or other profits aforesaid 5 and such advowsons, rights of patronage or presentation, or nomination, shall be always absolutely excepted, and reserved to such bishops or other ecclesiastical corporations aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were in such conveyance expressly excepted and reserved: provided also. That no manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which now are or shall be charged with the payment of any yearly sum or stipend, to or for the use or benefit of any curate of any church, chapel, or ecclesiastical benefice,

shall be sold, freed, and discharged from such yearly sum or stipend, but the same shall be and remain subject and liable thereto in like manner as if such sale had not been made.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Expences of the said of, to be appointed for executing this ail, [owedh ^com to allow such costs and expences, attending any sales to be made missioners<out under their authority, as they shall think reasonable, and to or-of the pur-der and direct that the same shall be paid and satisfied out of the chafe money; purchase money to arise from such sales, in like manner as is as directed in and by the said act of the present session of parliament, with respect to sales made under the authority of the commissioners for executing the said recited acts.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no deed or instrument Deeds, &c* whatever, whereby any sale or mortgage or grant shall be made in n case to of or out of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be sold or charged for the purpose of OT1 fa]es by*raising money for the redemption of any land tax, by any such corporations* bodies politick or corporate, or companies aforesaid, shall be liable to any stamp duty whatever, although the consideration to be expressed in such deed or instrument shall exceed the sum [1000l. f. 45.J limited by the said last recited act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That where any manors, In cases of messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be sold so^redei^iin any bodies politick or corporate, or companies aforesaid, or by ]and tax 5 any person or persons whatever, for the redemption of any land where the tax, under a contrail or agreement with the purchaser or pur- purchase chafers thereof, that the purchase money shall be paid into the e0na^, jSnt0 bank of England, in not more than fix equal instalments, at notPmorethan

equal fix instalments

of such money to the purchaser.

144 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 21. [1798.

into the bank, equal periods from each other, and to be completed within the ^ear^th^ period of one year from the time of paying in the first instal-freaffiry^ay ment> then, and in every such case, it shall be lawful for the after payment lords of of the treasury, or any three or more of of the first them for the time being, at any time after payment of the first instalment, instalment, to agree with the purchaser or purchasers of such rotors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the purchaser for advance or loan to him, her, or them, of so much moneyas the immediate shall be sufficient for the immediate completion of the contract, completion^of Upon such terms and conditions for securing the re-payment of o/a^re^with t^e principal money so to be advanced, with lawful interest any other per- for the same, as the said lords of of the treasury, or son, See. for any three or more of them for the time being, shall think rea-the advance sonable and just, and as shall be agreed to by such purchaser or purchasers; or otherwise, it shall be lawful for the said lords of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, to contract and agree with any other person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, for the advance or payment into the bank of England, by such person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, on the behalf of such purchaser or purchasers, of such sum or sums of money as he, she, or they, shall desire to be advanced for the purposes before mentioned, upon such terms and conditions as the said person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, and the said purchaser or purchasers, shall respectively agree upon.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every person or persons for whom any such sum or sums shall be advanced for the purpose aforesaid, shall enter into a security for the re-payment of the same, with interest, by writing obligatory to our sovereign lord the King, in such sum or sums of money as shall be directed by the said lord of of the treasury, or by the corporations, companies, societies, or persons respectively, advancing the same as aforesaid, to be paid to our said lord the King, by such form of words as obligations to the King's majesty have been used to be made, and with such conditions to be thereunder written, as between the said of of the treasury, or the parties advancing such sums of money, and the said respective purchasers, shall be agreed upon; and that all such obligations to be so made shall be good and effectual in the law, and shall be of the same quality, force, and efreift, to all intents and purposes, as any obligation made to our sovereign lord the King, or his predecessors, or any of them, hath at any time heretofore been, or now is, adjudged, received, or taken to be; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding: provided also, That no obligation to his Majesty in pursuance of this act, shall be liable to any stamp duty whatever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if default shall be made by any such purchaser or purchasers, his, her, or their heirs or assigns, in the re-payment of any such sum or sums of money which shall be so advanced, either by the said lords of

Purchasers receiving such advance to enter into bonds to the King for repayment, with interest.

Such bonds not liable to stamp duties.

On failure in re-payment by the purchaser, the treasury, or other persons

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 21. 145

missioners of the treasury, or by any other person or persons, advancing the

bodies, corporations, or companies aforesaid, or of the interest

thereon, or any part thereof, within the respective times limited cafeg^thJ

by the said obligations for the payment thereof, it shall be lawful proper officer

for the said lords of of the treasury, or the said other of the crown

persons, bodies, corporations, or companies aforesaid, who shall no

have advanced such sums of money as aforesaid, and they arc due

hereby respectively required, without further delay, to issue his which shall^he

or their certificate or certificates, from time to time, to the pro- inserted in the

per officer of the crown having the management of proceedings ^nt)> ^nd the

upon obligations to his Majesty, requiring such officer or officers

personally to proceed against the person or persons making such from the

default, his, her, and their heirs, executors, and ad mini (Ira tors, purchaser by

for the recovery of such parts of the sums advanced as shall be hich officer*

then due, together with interest as aforesaid, and such costs and the bank

charges attending such proceedings as shall be bylaw payable for the same; the amount of which principal sums so to be levied,

the said of of the treasury, or such persons, bodies,

corporations, or companies aforesaid, shall cause from time to

time to be testified by their note in writing, under the hands of any two or more of them, to such officer or officers, and which

sums shall be inserted in the writ or process, and the like process

shall and may from time to time issue as aforesaid, as occasion

shall require; and the sums so recovered (the costs and charges

aforesaid excepted) shall be paid to the said cashier or cashiers of the bank of England\ without abatement, deduction, or delay,

in satisfaction of such demands.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where on the pro-any proceeding shall be diretfed under the authority of this aeft, duftion of no writ or writs of feire facias shall be required to be issued, but ^ucl1 that upon the production of the certificate or certificates of the of^he exche0* said of as before-mentioned, before any of the barons quer, and on of the respective courts of exchequer at Westminster or in Scot- his fiat, an land, an extent shall and may issue in the first process upon the ?*ten5 fiat of such baron, without any affidavit, or other verification or fjrft^nftance proof of the cause of such proceeding, than such certificate or without other certificates as aforesaid. process.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That after the due payment On payment of the sums advanced, with interest as aforesaid, every obligation of such money entered into in pursuance of this act being fully satisfied, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be forthwith purchasers delivered up to be cancelled; and in case any such obligation bonds shall be shall have been prosecuted according to the directions of this act, delivered up: the said of of the treasury, or any three or more of prof^ution^ them, shall, by their warrant or warrants, direct the proper fotis faction* officer or officers of the said respective courts of exchequer, to entered on enter up satisfactiort, on such obligation or obligations being so record, satisfied as aforesaid, upon the record, or otherwise to deliver up the same to be cancelled, as the case may require.

XX. And be it further enacted, That such process as afore- Process may said shall and may lawfully issue on any such obligation as aforesaid,

Vol. XLII L lands pur!

Purchasers receiving inch advance, to have, the full benefit of the land tax immediately

for redemption.

146 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 21. [1798.

chafed as all against the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or heredita-amTgoods^f ments' to purchased as aforesaid, and all other the manors, the purchaser. messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and also the goods, chattels, and effe6fs of such purchaser or purchasers, his, her, or their heirs, executors, or administrators, for the benefit of any such person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, his, her, and their heirs, successors, executors, administrators, or assigns, who shall, in puVfuance of any such agreement with the said lords corn mi (boners of the treasury, advance or lend any sum or sums of money to such purchaser or purchasers as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, making any such sale or Tales, or contracts for any such sale or Tales, for the purpose of redeeming their land tax, to whom such advance shall be made, shall, from and immediately after the registry of the

on reStemv contract for the redemption of land tax, have and enjoy the full the contracts benefit of the land tax which shall have been contracted for, in the same manner in all respects as if they respectively had themselves completed their contracts by the transfer of the whole consideration to be transferred thereon.

XXII. And whereas, under and by virtue of an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, all persons having any shares or interests in the new river, and in the Thames water works, and in Mary-bone and Hampstead water works, and also in any office or stock for infnring of houses in case of fire, or in any lights, or in the stock or socks for printing of books in or belonging to the house commonly called The King's Printing House, and all companies of merchants in London, and the bank of England, and also the proprietors of the respective water works within the town of Colchester, in the county of Essex, the city and county of Exeter, and the town of Shrewsbury, are liable to pay or to be affijfed towards the land tax charged upon England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, for their respective shares and interefis aforesaid, and the aforesaid joint stock or stocks, and profits, in the manner in the said act mentioned; and doubts having arisen whether such person or persons, companies or proprietors, can redeem the land'tax charged thereon, under or by virtue of the

Proprietors herein first recited act: be it therefore enacted, That not-

rr^r with (landing any thing in the said first: recited act, or in an act passed in the present session, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the town a/'Berwick upon Tweed, and ing House, and certatn duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, for the service of companies of the year one thouj'and seven hundred and ninety-nine, contained to merchants, the contrary thereof, it shall be lawful for the said of and the bank, for the purposes of the said first: recited act, to contracf and agree llifd 't'Z ua-1 C Wltk Persons> companies, or proprietors as aforesaid, respectdtr 38 Geo. lively, for the redemption of the tax charged by virtue of the said a* 5c may,' act

the new river and other water works,

infarance offices, The King's Print

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 21. T47

upon such their respective shares, interests, joint {lock and notwithstand-stocks, and profits aforesaid, or with any individual proprietors^thereof, either jointly or severally, for so much and such part or tftjs ^ifion, parts of the said tax as shall be equivalent to the share or shares contract, coK of each individual proprietor, or any number of joint proprietors leftively or.(the amount of which land tax shall be settled and apportioned ^l^the^com by the said of for the purposes of the said recited missionerf5 un.T acts), and also for all or any of such persons, companies, or pro- derjS Geo. 3. pri'etors respectively as aforesaid, either collectively or indivi- c. 60. for the dually, or jointly or severally, to contract anc) agree with the thewl^or^ said of for the purposes of the said first recited act, an^ parf0f for the redemption of the whole or any part of such land tax, ac- the land tax, cording to the* assessment and rate.made or to be made in purfu- according to

by-the said first and secondly* recited acts, and in and by this act, b<: ?xo-

/*nfr^tccl imme-

is directed with respect to the land tax charged upon any nia- lately on the

nors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments; and from jegiltry of the and immediately after the registry-of the certificates of such con- certificates ot tracts, the respective shares and interests, joint fto.ck and stocks, the contracts, and profits, or the proportion thereof comprized in such contracts, shall be wholly freed and exonerated from the tax charged thereon, 'and from all further assessmems thereof, by virtue of the said act of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the service of the year one thousand feve'n hundred and ninety-eighty and also of the said act of the present section of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal ejlatesy in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed,

/and certain duties1 on sugary malty tobaccoy and fnufff for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine y or either of them.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when the said com- When the missioners for the purposes of the said recited acts, in any county, of riding or place, shall have in their possession copies of tap tfonof the" respective' assessments of land tax charged upon the respective land tax have pa fifties or places in such county, riding/ or, place, and which injhetr puffball have been transmitted to them as true copies, by the clerks hellion to the of of land tax adding in and for any hundred,  assess-ward, lathe, wapentake, or other division, wherein such parishes or rnents, trans- places'shall be situate, it shall be lawful for the said of mittedtothem for the purposes of this act, to contract and agree with any ^tt^[J ^ks person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, for the redemption of the land tax charged upon their respective manors, sioners, they messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, although no may contract certificate of the amount of such land tax shall be produced and with ^persons shewn to them by the person or persons, bodies, corporations, or ^npfton of companies, applying to redeem the same, as by the said first their land tax

x. 2 recited without their

a nee oft the said act, intituled An act for granting an aid to ms Majesty by^ a land taxy to be raised in Great Britain for the service^f^and of the-iyear one< thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty upon the t.he Rock, same terms and conditions, and in the same manner, as in and ffiares, &c.

14S Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 21. [1798.

producing the recited a# is required: provided always, That such person or requfredb Persons> bodies, corporations, or companies, shall, ten days at

f. 17.of 38 the least- before such contrail shall be entered into, transmit to

ceo 3.C. 60.: the clerk of the said of, for the purposes of the said  But such recited a#s, such and the like schedule or description in writing ten^daS of an<^ every the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or before making hereditaments, charged with such land tax, as is by the said a#s the contract, required to be produced to the said of of the land tax; fend in a par- and the said of for the purposes of the said a#s shall tl^lands* cau^e to ^n^ertec^n fub contrail the description of such manors, mefliiagcS, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, contained In such schedule, and also a true copy of such assessment, so far as relates to the respective manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments contained in such schedule, together with the amount of the land tax charged thereon, according to such copy of the assessment as shall be in their possession as aforesaid; and such contract so entered into as aforesaid, shall, after the regiflry thereof, be as valid and effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if a certificate of the amount of the land tax thereby contracted to be redeemed, had been produced and shewn to the said of in the manner required by the said first recited act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every case where the said of for the purposes of the said recited acts, shall not have in their possession any such copies as aforesaid of the assessments of land tax charged upon any parishes or places, and shall have demanded, or shall cause to be demanded, the same from the clerk to the said of of land tax, acting in their respective divisions as aforesaid, which they are hereby

charged; which, with a copy of the assessment, shall be inserted in the contract.

Clerks to the land tax of shall, when required by the commissioners for redemption, or whenever

any alteration authorised and required to do, and also in every case where any i^the^lfelf^ a^terat*011 ma(^e by or under the authority of the comment within rnissioners of land tax, acting in or for any such divisions in the three days assessments of land tax charged therein, then and in such case respectively the clerk to the said of of land tax for the time being, make out having such alfeflmems in his custody, shall, and he is hereby assessment or1 required, within three days after such application shall be made alteration, and to him by the said of for the purposes of the said transmit them recited acts, or their clerk, and also within three days after any to the com- such alteration shall be made in the assessments as aforesaid, to make out a true copy, fairly written, and subscribed by any two or more of them, of such assessments so made or altered, or of so much thereof as shall be so altered, and deliver, or cause to be delivered, such copies to the clerk to the said of, for the purposes of the said recited a#s, in the county, riding, or place in which such division shall be situate, within the time before limited, or permit a copy thereof, or such parts thereof, as aforesaid, to be taken by the clerk to the said of, for the purposes of the said a#s; and in case the said clerk to the of of land tax shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver such copies as aforesaid, or permit such copies to be taken as aforesaid, within three days after such application shall be made to them by the said of for the purposes of the said

rnissioners for redemption; or permit them to be copied by their clerk, on penalty of sol.-

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 21. 149

aid recited acts, or by their clerk, or where any such alteration shall be made in the assessments as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver a true copy of all such altered assessments, or of such parts thereof as shall be so altered, within three days after such alteration shall be made, he shall, for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered in such manner as any penalty may, by the said recited acts or either of them, be recovered.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the 4-d. per chan-said clerk to the said of of land tax shall, for every ^e^a^foro such copy so made out by him as aforesaid, be entitled to have fu(?h copies, and receive, for his trouble in making out the same, upon application to the receiver general of the county, riding, or

place, or his deputy, and on production of a certificate oftwo or more of such of of land tax, acting for the division where such assessments shall have been made, after the rate of four-pence for every chancery (beet contained in such copy, reckoning every separate amount of land tax set down in figures or numbers in such copy as three words. On receiving

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any schedulesot schedule or description of any estate shall, for the purpose of tax*of redeeming the land tax charged thereon, be transmitted in purfu- ^ich does ance of this act, such land tax not exceeding the sum of twenty-five not exceed pounds, the clerk to the of appointed for the re-5l. the clerk demption and sale of the land tax, to whom such schedule shall bethe rc- delivered, shall forthwith cause an account to be transmitted to of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, of the amount of the shall tranMs sums proposed to be redeemed; and whenever such contract shall an account be completed, the said of, before whom such contract of the shall be entered into, shall cause an account to be transmitted j^n^tax e to the receiver general of the county, riding, pr place in England, be redeemed: or to the receiver general in Scotland, \ of the name of the party, and when the the amount of the land rax, and the day or days for payment

of the consideration, which account the receivers general re- the com-9spectively shall forthwith cause to be transmitted to the commissioners

missioners for the affairs of taxes, for the

information of the shall transmit and the said com-the Particu}a

to the receiver

of of his Majesty's treasury;

missioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them for general> who the time being, are hereby empowered to diredf from time to foall fend the time, as there shall be occasion, sufficient money to be advanced same to the out of any pionfes in the hands of such receivers general re- tax office5 n spectively, or out of any publick monies in the receipt of the treat'ury mav exchequer, applicable to the supplies and services of the year, as order money to the said of of the treasury shall seem expedient, to be advanced to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, ^om t'me to before or on the respective days appointed for the payment of J^ceiver gene-the sum payable on such contracts, for purchase of so much rai to the capital stock as would have been transferrable on such contract of by the party, in case the consideration for the redemption of his of the national or her land tax had been therein stipulated to be transferred in^ t ie flacjc, yylpch sums so to be advanced shall be from time to several days

L 3 time of payment;

on the con trad, and which shall

150 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 21. [1798.

to be laid out time replaced by and out of the monies to be paid upon such'

contrail to such receivers general respectively, and the stock so

transferrable Purchased shall be placed in the name of the of for the reduction of the national debt, for the uses and purposes of

this act, and as if the same had been purchased by and with the

., monies paid on such contrails,

be replaced r

by the money payable on such contracts to the receiver general.

Mode of af-

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the certaining the passing of this act, the mode of ascertaining the current price

b1 thebanTk be as ffiws; that is to say, From the time

viz From the w^en t^e books of the governor and company of the bank of

respective times of opening the books for transfer of

England shall be opened for the transfer of three per centum consolidated bank annuities, after the fifth day of January in every year, and until the books shall be opened for the transfer of three pounds per centum reduced bank annuities, after the the 3 percent, fifth day of April in such year, and so from time to time when confols to the the said books shall be opened for the transfer of three per centum consolidated annuities, after the fifth day of July in every year, until the books shall be opened for the transfer of three per centum reduced annuities, after the tenth day of October in such year, the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England shall, and they are hereby required on Tuesday in every week, (the same not being'a holiday, or being a holiday, then on the day preceding not being a holiday), to cause an account to be made out of the average price at which the three pounds per centum consolidated annuities shall have been bought on such day, (or otherwise on the following open day on which such stock shall be bought, in case any stock shall have been bought at the bank of England on such day), and shall cause the same to be transmitted to the commissioners for the of taxes; and so from time to time when the books shall

subsequent opening of the 3 per cent, reduced, the price of the confols to be returned to the tax office weekly; and vice versa, from the r ffietflive times ot opening the 3 per cent.

reduced to the subsequent "

opening the aiTtiirS

confolst the be opened at the bank of England for the transfer of three per centum reduced annuities, after the fifth day of April in every

price of the 3 per cent, reduced to be so returned, [fee 39 Geo. 3. c. 6. f. '

Persons cutting down timber, with the approbation of the courts of

year, and until the books shall be opened at the bank of England for the transfer of three per centum consolidated annuities, after the fifth day of July in such year, and so from time to time when.] the said books shall be opened at the said bank of England for the transfer of three per centum reduced annuities, after the tenth day of QSiober. in every year, and until the books shall be opened for the transfer of three per cetitum consolidated annuities, after the fifth day of January next ensuing, the said cashier or cashiers shall, and they are hereby required to transmit to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, such and the like account of the average price of three per centum reduced annuities, as is herein-before directed to be transmitted of the average price of three per centum consolidated annuities.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any perfora or persons, who by the said first recited act is or are empowered, with the approbation of the court of chancery in England, or of the court of session in Scotland, to cut down timber for the

's rederrtption

i7$$.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 21. 151

redemption of the land tax charged on any manors, messuages, chancery or lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall have entered into any ^demotion1  contract or contracts, or shall at any time hereafter, before the of their land first day of May one thousand eight hundred, enter into any tax, [fee38 contract or contrafts for the redemption of the land tax charged Geo. 3. c. 60, on such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, ^otmake6 or shall have made, or shall hereafter, before the said first: day good their of May one thousand eight hundred, make such application to firflinftalfnent the court of chancery in England, or to the court of session in tJ^ay 1, Scotland, as in the said aeft is directed to be made, and as the case m^n^ye

may-require, and shall obtain, or shall have obtained, an order be or direction of such court for the felling and cutting down such paid within quantity of timber as may be deemed necessary for the re- three years demption of the land tax proposed to be redeemed (a certificate of which order or direcStion shall be indorsed on the contract by consideration the register or other proper officer of such court), then and in may be every such case it shall not be necessary to pay or transfer any transferred part of the consideration for such redemption, until the first: dayn advance* of May one thousand eight hundred, although it shall have been or may be Aipulated in the contract., that the whole, or the first instalment of such consideration, shall be transferred on or before any day prior to the first day of May one thousand eight hundred: provided always, That the whole amount of the capital stock agreed to be transferred in such contract shall, in every such case as last aforesaid, be transferred to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, within the period of three years from the first day of May one thousand eight hundred: provided also, That it shall be lawful to ftipuiate for the payment or transfer of the whole of the said consideration at any one time, or by inflalments, within a less period than three years, or to pay or transfer the whole, or any part thereof in advance, in such manner, in all respects, as in the said several recited acts is mentioned.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any thing in the said first recited act contained, or in the order or direction of any such court to the contrary thereof, the land tax which shall be redeemed by the monies arising from merge in the the sale of any timber cut down under the authority of either of such courts respectively, shall, when all the inflalments shall be redemptioner completed, fink and become merged in the manors, messuages, declares his lands, tenements, and hereditaments whereon the same was option to be charged, for the benefit of the person or persons for the time^f^tfnpof being beneficially entitled to the rents and profits thereof, unless a purchaser; the person or persons contracting for the redemption of such in which case land tax, shall have declared his, her, or their option to be con- it shall considered on the footing of a purchaser thereof, in which case the land tax so redeemed shall be and continue attendant upon the estate in the estate and interest of the person or persons for the time being same manner beneficially entitled to the rents and profits of the said manors, act if it had messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in like manner as

Land tax redeemed by such sale of timber shall

been redeemed by sale of* -

ing, and sale of timber, to be p id out of the purchase money* 38 Geo. 3. c. 60. f. II,

152 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. % 1, [1798.

lands [fee

in the said first recited act is directed in cases where the land Geo 3^c 60 taX have ^een rec^med by the sale of any manors, mef-

eo. 3..o. fua^es^ )anc]s^ tenements, or hereditaments under the said act: ^f^he^uT^ Prov^ec^ also. That it shall be lawful for such courts respectively keying, fell- to t^rder and direct that the costs and fexpences in the surveying, valuing, and felling such timber, or otherwise on account of such sale thereof, shall be paid and satisfied out of the purchase monies for the same.

XXX. And whereas, under and by virtue of the said first recited act) all persons, bodies, corporations, and companies, having any estate or interest in, or being substitute heirs of entail entitled in their recited, [and order to succeed to any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here-c^3 f 3 ditaments, (except tenants at rack rent, and others in the said act Where con- particularly excepted ), are entitled, after the respective times limited by tracts for f1'^ a^lf for preference to yersons having le fie hold or other

redemption particular cjlates in possession, or estates in remainder, reversion, or shall be made, expectancy, to contract for the redemption of the land tax charged on after March jucfo their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by persons which shall not have been fold under the powers of the said act, but having any no provision is made for the payment or transfer of the confder at ion absolute estate fry infialrnents except in certain cases, be it therefore enacted, 'j'hat where any contract shall be entered into for the redemption of any land tax, at any time after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundered and ninety-nine, by any person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, having any absolute

or estate of inheritance, or after June5>*799> by persons hav-

i ! 7 7--- I 7 - 1----- r O J --

wg anyieaie- estatej

or estate of inheritance, in the manors, messuages, lands.

hold or particular estate in possession or reversion, the first instalment of the consideration

tenements, or hereditaments, whereon such land tax shall be charged, or where any such contract shall be entered into after the twenty-fifth day of fune one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by any person or persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, having any leasehold or other par-? (or the whole ticular estate in possession, or any estate in reversion, remainder, if paid at or expectancy, in such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, once) shall be or hereditaments as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, the on the^quar- ^rft instalment, or the whole of the consideration for such re-ter day [fee 38 demption (in case the same shall be agreed to be transferred at Geo 3.C. 60. one time) shall be transferred or paid on or before such of the en*uin the quarterty daysn the said first recited act mentioned, for the trans-contract: C !er of the consideration upon contracts for redemption, as shall and where the next happen after the day of entering into the contract; and first instalment upon all such contracts where the first instalment of such shall be consideration shall be payable or transferable on or at any

tnmsferrable t^me before the first day of February one thousand eight before Feb. t, hundred and one, the whole amount thereof shall be paid or 1801, the transferred, and all the subsequent instalments thereon corn-whole shall pleted and made good by equal instalments at equal intervals, fou^yeartT vv, t; b'n the period of four years, to be computed from the first from May 1, day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and 1799 i and upon all such contracts, where the first instalment of such where the first consideration shall not be payable or transferable till after the udla ment said jay 0p February, one thousand eight hundred and one, 4

the

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 21. 153

the whole amount thereof shall be paid or transferred, and all shall be pay-the subsequent instalments thereon completed and made good by able or trans-equal instalments at equal intervals, within the period of two years from the time of transferring or paying such first instalment as Jaft the 'wh0ie*aforesaid shall be paid

within two years from the time of making the first initalment-

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any contrail On contracts shall be entered into for the redemption of any land tax, at any

time after the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven March 25, hundred and ninety-nine, then, and in every such case, the manors, 1799, the messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, the land tax Ian is shall be whereof shall have been so contracted for, shall be charged and froSt

chargeable wirh so much land tax as shall have accrued and become t^e' Ladyday payable after the twenty-fifth day of March, prior to the making preceding such contrail, up to the end of the quarter next immediately con trad, preceding the day of the transfer of the first inllalment agreed to be transferred on such contrail, and shall only be exonerated immediately from such land tax from the end of such quarter. preceding the

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no contrail entered fir* instal-i-nto after the passing of this act, for the redemption of any ment* land tax, nor the amount of land tax redeemed thereby, shall in No con trad any wife be impeached, affeited, or altered by the judgement or for rtdemp-determination of the of on any appeal from the ^fter the^assessment by which such land tax shall have been charged, passing this whether such appeal shall have been made prior or subsequent act, shall be to any proceedings had, under the said recited acts for the purpose impeaehed or of entering into such contract, but such appeal shall be decided

wholly between such other parties charged by such assessment as any appeal shall not have entered into any such contract, and in the same agaimt the manner as if the contract so entered into had been completed assessment. before the making or determining such appeal; and everX jf tax contrail so entered into shall stand good, and the land tax contracted for redeemed thereby shall be considered as if no such appeal had shall have been made from such assessment. been reduced

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if before

such land tax so contrailed for shall have been reduced in its amount the^ompie-

by any assessment made within three years preceding the time of tion of the

completing such contrail, such land tax shall then remain liable contract, it

to berevifed and altered fin the same manner as if such contract maY be rev i fed, ., ..> ..., and altered on

had not been completed) by any determination on any appeal appeal within

which shall be made and determined in one year next after the one year

completion of such contract. after such

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the completion, provisions of this ail shall, in the execution of the said recited Former aifts aits, be used and applied, and continued in like manner as if ^conlhued the same provisions were specially enacted in the said acts; and together.

all and every the provisions of the said recited acts shall, in the execution of this act, except where the lame are thereby expressly varied, be used and applied, extended and construed, in like manner as if the same provisions (except as aforesaid) were specially enabled in this act.

154

Affidavits may be made before of for taking affidavits 3 and persons whole affidavits are required to be produced to the redemption-comnuffionevs may be examined by them on oath instead.

' Act may be altered or repealed this ielTion.

Form of

certificate of Contract.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 2 r.

[1798.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That any affidavit or affidavits required or vauthorised to be made by the said recited acts, may be made before any of or persons who are or shall be authorised to take affidavits in causes depending in any of the courts at Westminster^ jas well as before the person or persons before whom the same are, by the said first recited act, directed to be made; and it shall be lawful for the said of for the purposes of the said aQs to take such affidavits, and they are hefeby indemnified against ail persons whomsoever, and against all penalties, for having received before the passing of this act, any affidavit or affidavits made before any such of or persons as aforesaid, and the same shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been made before them after the passing of this act: provided also. That in all cases where any affidavit or affidavits is or are by the said first recited a t directed to be made and ffiewn to the said of, the examination of the person or persons, by whom any such affidavit or affidavits is or are directed to be made by and before the said of for the purposes of the said act, upon oath or affirmation, to he administered in the manner therein directed, shall be as valid and effectual for the purposes of the said act, as if the affidavit or affidavits thereby required had been made, and produced and Ikwn to the said of -;

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this act, or any of the provisions thereof, may be-altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or a his to be passed in this present session of parliament.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the form of every certificate of contract to be made after she passing this abf shall be in the manner following:

TV NOW all men, That we two of the commissioners appointed for the purposes of an act, intituled An act for making perpetual, subject to redemption and purchase in the manner therein fated, the several finis of money now charged' in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty for the do hereby certify, that we have contracted and agreed with for the redemption by him [her or them, as the case may require], of land tax, being

the land tax charged upon the [here infer manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or fetch of them as the case may require,] herein after described, videlicet; [here describe the premises as from the schedule delivered by the party], and which premises are assessed in the assessment made for the of in the commissioners for the

year as follows, videlicet; [here inferi the description

of the efiaie and amount of land tax ps in the assessment; and where different parcels assessed in different fiums are to be included in the same

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. 1

same contract, enumerate each parcel, and the amount of land tax charged on each]: \

And the consideration for the redemption of such. land tax, if the same is to be transferred in stock, shall be expressed as in the said first recited act is diretsted; and if in money, according to the current price of stock, as in the said secondly recited acd is directed.

CAP. XXII.

An act for extending the time for returning fatements under an act^ pa [feel in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecutioa of the war; and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties; and to amend the said act.

[March 21, 1799.]

WHEREAS it may be expedient to extend the time for the

[Preamble.]

delivery of lifts and fatements of income to the respective difejfrs, in pursuance of an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to repeal the duties imposed by an 39 eo* 3* act, made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more effectual provihon for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties; and to explain and amend the said act; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, -p|mefor and by the authority of the same, That the period of fourteen making redays for making the return of any lifts or statements of income, turns of or other matters in the said act mentioned, after delivery of statements, in notices for that purpose, shall in all cases where such notices noticed shall have been delivered previous to the passing of this act, be delivered and is hereby extended until and upon the fifth day of April one (under f. 38* thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and that every person 39\ot the who ought to make a return of such lifts and statements, and for the who shall have omitted or shall omit to return the same within parting of this the period required by the said recited act, who, before or on the act, extended expiration of the said fifth day of April as aforesaid, shall make to April 5* a return of such lifts and statements as by the said recited act is required, shall be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties and forfeitures incurred, or to be incurred for or by reason of such omission; and every such return made within the time limited by this act shall be of the like force and effect as if the same had been made within the time limited by the said recited ah

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Returns of person or persons required to return any lifts and statements of income under the said recited act to deliver under cover, sealed anrt of

up, intended

payments thereon may be delivered under cover, sealed up to the afleiiors: penalty on assefifors opening, or fufifering the same to be opened, before they are delivered to the com -

156 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

up, such part of such returns as relates to the statement of the amount of the sum or sums intended to be paid by such person or persons in respect of the income of such person or persons, or of any infant, idiot, lunatick, married woman, or other person, on whose behalf such person or persons shall be required to return any such statement; which return under cover sealed up, and subscribed with a declaration that the same contains the statement of the person or persons whose name or names is or are signed thereto, shall be delivered within the period hereinbefore, or in the said act limited, to the assessor or afleiTors to whom such statement ought to be delivered according to the directions of the said act, and shall be as effectual as if the same missioners, n6t bad been returned to the assessor or assessors in the manner exceeding io\. hefted by the said act; and if any assessor shall open, or cause, or procure, or permit, or suffer to be opened, any cover containing any such statement so delivered, sealed and superfcribpd as aforesaid, or -shall neglect to take such due care of any statement delivered to him as aforesaid, as that any such statement, or cover thereto, sealed up as aforesaid, shall be opened by any person or persons after the same shall have been delivered to such assessor, and before the same shall be delivered by such assessor to the clerk to the commissioners for the purposes of the said act, as is in the said recited act is directed, or that the same shall not be kept so sealed as aforesaid, and delivered, without having been in any way opened, to the clerk to such of as aforesaid, every such assessor shall forfeit and pay for every such offence, any sum not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered under the said recited act: provided always, That all lifts and returns to be made by any such person or persons under the said recited act, of the name or names of any lodgers or inmates, or any person or persons whatever, of whose incomes or place of residence any list or return ought to be made, and all notices of the intention of such person to be charged to the duties granted by the said act

Return of names of lodgers and others chargeable, or of notices of being charged elsewhere, or by commercial commissioners, to at any other place of residence, or of being charged thereto by any commercial of, shall be delivered open to such assessor or assessors in the manner directed by the said act.

III. And whereas difficulties may arise in the execution of the said act of the present session of parliament, respecting the qualification of commissioners to be chosen under the authority of the said act in certain places: be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said act as requires the qualification, consisting wholly of personal estate, of any person to be a commissioner for the purposes of the said act for any city, borough, town, or place in Great Britain, such city, borough, town, or place, not being a county of itself, to be of the value of ten thousand pounds, or as prescribes the* qualification of any person to be a commissioner for the purposes of the said act, or a commissioner for hearing and determining appeals for any county at large in Great Britain, as far as respects the counties herein after mentioned, shall be, and the same i$ hereby repealed

be delivered open to the aiftfiTors.

Certain qualifications in f. 23. of the former act repealed.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. 157

IV. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be ca- Qualification pable of acting as a commissioner for the purposes of the said act,

within and for any city, borough, town, or place, in Great Bri- tjeSj &.c> not- tain, other than cities, boroughs, towns, and places, being respect being coun-tively counties of themselves, by virtue of any qualificatiomcon- ties, in per-sifting of personal estate in the whole or in part, unless the same, fonaI estate, if confining wholly of personal estate, shall be of the value of thatamourn, three thousand pounds, or shall, together with his own estate, including consisting of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, be of the said lands, &c. value of three thousand pounds, (such value to be in such last- ^er at in^f*mentioned case estimated as by the said act is directed in respect 0c< I2* of qualifications consisting of personal estate, and also of estate in lands, tenements, or hereditaments), under the penalty that every person acting without the qualification in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as in the said act is mentioned, or the qualification required by this act, shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered as the like penalty may be recovered by the said recited act. Qualification

V. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be capable ^onersTnd of acting as a commissioner for the purposes of the said act, or as of a commissioner for hearing and determining appeals within or for of appeal in the county of Monmouth, or any of the counties at large within Monmouth-the dominion of Wales, or in that part of Great Britain called Unties in Scotland, unless he shall be possessed of a personal estate of the Wales and like value, or be seised or possessed of estate in lands, tenements, Scotland, shall or hereditaments of the like nature, and of three fifths of the value be s-jths of as is required as the qualification of a commissioner for the pur- other pjofes of the said act, or of a commissioner for hearing and deter- counties at mining appeals respectively within and for any other county at large; by f. 33. largein Great Britain, under the penalty in the said act contained,

for acting without the qualification therein required in such cases. Master of the

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the h^ebold, master of his Majesty's household, the first clerk of the household, officers who the clerk of the kitchen, and the several other officers, who, by act as corn-virtue of their offices, have heretofore acted or may aft in execu- missioners of tion of the act passed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Ma- [he^l^bert^of jesty's reign, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, in the the palace^ liberty of the palaces of Whitehall and Saint cJa7nes's, to act, by vir- may aft it/ t'ue of their said offices, in the execution of the said first-mentioned the execution aft, as far as relates to any assessment to be made by virtue thereof a<

on any person or persons within the said liberty, without any spe- jatcg toa(Te(T-cial appointment for that purpose; and that no other qualification ments under shall be required of any such officers, who shall act in the execu- c. 13. without tion of the said first-mentioned act, by virtue of their said offices, a^yotberqua-than the poflfeflion of such respective offices and places; and that th^possession11 no such officer shall be liable to any penalty inflicted by the said of their offices first-mentioned act, for acting in the execution thereof as aforesaid. Appeals to be without being possessed of any other tfualification than such offices made from respectively; provided that all appeals froth such last mentioned ^em to the of shall be heard and determined before the commis- of Tpreatefo? sioners of appeals appointed for the county of Middlesex. Middlesex.

i58

Commissioners for the inns of court, Sec. to be fe-lebted by the

appeals to be made to the of of appeal for London and Middlesex.

Commissioners for the uni verities to be of the degree of M.A. or LL.B. and mailers or fellows of Colleges red- dent therein; such degrees, See. to be a sufficient qualification.-

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners for the purposes of the said first-mentioned, abl, to be appointed for the several inns of court and chancery in' London and Middlesex, shall be selected and nominated by the respective benchers for benchers: and the time being, having the superintendance of the said societies of the respective societies thereunto belonging, or the major part of them present at any meeting to be summoned by the respective treasurers of those societies for the time being; provided that all appeals from the inns of court and chancery shall be heard and determined by the respective of of appeals to be appointed, under the said act, for London and Middlesex respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every commissioner to be appointed for the respective universities of Oxford and Cambridge shall be of the degree of mailer of arts, or bachelor of laws, or some higher degree, and shall be a mailer or fellow of a college or hall there, and resident therein; and that no other qualification shall be required of any such lati--mentioned of, who shall abl in the execution of the said act, by virtue of their degrees and promotions in such universities and colleges, than the possession thereof respectively, and residence there as aforesaid; and that no such mailer or fellow, resident as aforesaid, shall be liable to any penalty inflibled by the said foil-mentioned abl for abling in the execution thereof as aforesaid, without being poffiefTed of any other qualification than such degrees and promotions-as aforesaid.

in fpi

IX. And be it further enacted, That, for the purposes of the and each of* -said first- mentioned act, the franchise or liberty of the Isle of Ely, and every of the cinque ports, shaft be confide-red in the same respect as a city or town, being a^county of itself, is by the said act considered, and that the same qualification, and" n6 other, shall be required for a icommissioner for the said purposes in such franchise or liberty, and in every such cinque port-; and the appointment of such commissioner ftiaihbernade'in like manner for such. franchise or liberty, or every such cinque port, as is required to he a Sunder dire bled by the said act in respect of such commissioner for i, 'Oi c. 13. any city or town in Great Britain being a county efHtself; pro- added that all appeals- from such last mentioned of shall

-, heard and determinedibefore the of of appeals'appointed, for the county at large wherein fdch cinque post fsdituate.

arat^com*

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the imffiontrs*respective persons' empowered to chuse of for the maybechosen purposes of the said ffirst recited act, for any city, borough, cinque for each ward, port.,: liberty, town, or place, > where separate of of assessed taxes shall have ufuatly abled in the several wards, pal of rilhes, or divisions thereof, in the execution of former abls, toehufl of taxes have of, for the purposes of the said recited^ablj for each such ward, parish, or division, in like manner as they are empowered by the said recited act to ehufe of fol each division of a county or riding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in every place where of commercial of shall be appointed under the said shall be ap. first recited act, the assistants to such commercial of

shall

The liberty of the cinque, ports, to be considered as a city being a' county; and the qualification and a jp-pointmkffit'of cdtflrmfiioners

usually acted.

Affiilants to commercial

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. 59

shall be named and appointed by such persons respectively who are authorised to appoint such commercial of who\ppoiot-

XII. And be it further enacted, That in estimating the value c'om. of personal elate required for the qualification of a commissioner rruifioners under the said first recited act, the interefi: or dividend of any Xnterest or di-publick (lock or fund to the amount of four pounds per annum, vidend ot shall be considered as equivalent to one hundred pounds of per- ^ock t[: ie

amount Ot

tonal estate, and <0 after that rate lor any greater or leis (urn. 4p perann.

to be taken as iool. personal efcate, in respect to qualification for commissioners#

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all appeals from the

of to be appointed for the county of the city of York the c'ty of shall be heard and determined by the of of appeals York to be to appointed for the north riding of the county of York; and all appeals the commis- from the of to be appointed for the county of the ^orlet? of aP-

*J rvpp I f kp

city of Bristol shall be heard and determined by the of riding-of appeals for the county of Gloucester..A. and those, for

Bristol to the commissioners for Gleuceflerflute.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every, person who (half, Persons in-under and by virtue of the said, first-mentioned adr have signified, fen<^ng to be or shall hereafter signify his or her intention to be assessed by the commercial'commercial of appointed or to be appointed under the of laid first-mentioned act, in the manner thereby directed, shall, on shall, (before or before the thirtieth day of March one. thou fend seven hundred March 30, and ninety-nine, in case commercial of shall be then appointed for the didrid within which such person shall reside, or appointed, otherwise within ten days after such appointment, and in every if not within subsequent year on or before the thirtieth day of March in such ten days after year, deliver a statement of his or her income, made according to the directions of the said act, to such commercial commis- missioners). sioners, of to the person appointed.or authorised in manner di- and, annually, reded by the said act to receive the same; and such commis- before March, sioners, or such person as aforesaid, shall thereupon give to the statemert^f person or persons delivering such statement, or to the person at- their "income tending on his, her, or their behalf, a certificate under the hand to such com-of any one or more of such., copn mi (sioners, or under the hand of mi. ill oners;

who shall thereupon

the person so appointed and authorised by them-, as aforesaid, of the delivery or his, her, or -their Tcatement* according to the di- o-iv^critifi-redions of the said ftrfl-mentioned act, which, certificate shall, cate of within three days after the 'delivery thereof, be ibewn and pre- such delivery, fented to the assessors, or ope of them, of the district in which he,

(he, or they shall have signified his, her, or their intention of be- days' be uVo-ing assessed as aforesaid, who shall endorse thereon that the same duced to the hath been, and the time when the same was, so shewn and pre- afifdor of the fented to him or them; and every person who shall neglect to de- (p.q^fndorfe liver such statement, and to transmit such certificate, in the manner t!'e pame; per-and within the time herein-before directed, shall be chargeable, and fons neglect-shall be assessed for his or her income by the commissioners for the big to deliver purposes of the said act, appointed for the district within which ^uch ^ate* such person shall reside, as if such person had not returned his or transit the her intention of being assessed by such commercial of certificate to as aforesaid; and every such person who shall negied to deliver the affiffiors,

such shall bc aflc, r-by the general

W L/ Ai

coinii: l: untifr

Notices flinll be delivered by assessors to persons chargeable as loon as possible after Feb. 5, in each future year. Certain parts of f. 106. and 109. of c. 13. (requiring commercial

160 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

statement> or transmit such certificate in manner aforesaid, rot exceeding whet^er such assessment shall have been made or not, shall for-20*feit a sum, not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, to be re-

covered as any penalty may be recovered under the said first: -mentioned act.

XV. And^ to the end that in every subsequent year sufficient time may he given for making such-returns and assessments, be it further enacted, That the respective of for the purposes of the said first-mentioned act shall, as soon after the fifth day of February in every such year as can conveniently be done, issue their instructions, directions, and warrants, to the respective assessors, in order that such assessors may forthwith deliver notices to the respective parties required to make such returns by the said act, and that such returns may be delivered in time for the making such assessments.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first recited act as requires the commercial of, appointed under the said act, to transmit the counterparts of certifi-

of cates issued of sums a fie (Ted by them to the cashier of the governor to transmit and company of the bank of England, or to any receiver general, in of their cei*tS manner by the said act, and also so much of the said act

tificates to the as refluires cashier of the bank of England, or any receiver bank, &c. and general, to transmit to any commissioner or of any the bank, &c. account of sums of money paid on account of any instalment fudTcomlt to or ^n^a^ments to under that act, and the respective

missionerran nurnbers and letters to which any sums remaining unpaid shall reaccount of spectively relate, and also so much of the said act as relates to the sums paid and granting certificates of payments by the cashier of the bank of to grant certi- England, or such receivers general, or their deputies respectively, pealed be, anc* t^ie ^ame are hereby repealed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all persons, bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, and societies, assessed by the commercial of appointed for the city of London and its vicinity, in the said fiift-recited act mentioned, and all persons, bodies, corporations, fraternities, and societies, assessed by any

may paytheir other commercial of, shall and may pay to the ca-assessments fhier of the bank of England, their several and respective sums into the bank, assessect, either in the whole, or any such proportion as they shall fnfbdmertsm f ^iat the amount required by the said first recited act to

due time'; an he paid hv instalments shall not be in arrear after the days fixed by the said act for the payment thereof; and thecafhierof the bank of England shall, upon the receipt of any such sum or sums of money, enter the lame in the manner directed by the said act, and shall, on demand from time to time, permit copies of the entries so made to be taken by such person as shall be appointed to take ed to be taken the same by the respective commercial of, who shall

cmlCcommifii ^aVe a^e^e(* l^e ^ums Pai(^ as aforesaid; and if fuh commis-

oners, who on sioners shall, upon reference to their private books, find that any

finding by re- sums so afieffed are in arrear and unpaid after the time fixed by

ference to the said act for the payment thereof, such of shall their own pro.

Persons afieffed by commercial of, in London or elsewhere,

account of which payments shall be kept at the bank, and copies allow-

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. 161

proceed for the recovery thereof in like manner in every respect books that

as is directed for the recovery of like arrears by the faici act.^sum is

J J in arrear, may

proceed for recovery of the same as under f. 109. of c. 13.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons in-persons engaged in trade or manufacture, and intending to be tending to be assessed by any commercial of, appointed under the ^ercial said first recited acct, for any city, town, or place, (except of the city of London and its vicinity), shall also intend to pay in the country, his, her, or their assessment or respective assessments at the bank and proposing of England, instead of paying the same to the receiver general of^Pa7 r^el"r-the county, riding, or place, in which such assessment shall be to the ThanV, IU made, as is directed to be done by the said act, and at the time (instead of to of delivering his, her, or their statement or statements of in- the receiver come, or at any time afterwards, before any assessment shall be made upon him, her, or them, and entered in the books of the^b*e_ relpediive of, shall signify such his, her, or their in- fore affifT-tention in writing, to the commercial of to whom ment, give such statement of income shall have been, or shall be delivered, pobce of such that then and in every such case the said of shall insert, o" paymentto in the certificate of assessment made upon such person, that such such commis-notice hath been given, and shall cause the name or names of such iioners, who person or persons respectively to be entered orregistered in manner shaft roel}hn in the said act* directed, in a separate book to be kept for that 7 their purpose; and such of shall not in such case here- affiffinent, quired to transmit any counterpart of the certificate or certificates and register of any such last mentioned assessment or assessments to any re- fu^so ceiver general, in manner in the said act directed, unless default |^ca separate shall be afterwards made in the payment of any such assessment at book; and the bank of England, in the manner required by this act: pro- need not vided always, That the names, alphabetically arranged, of all transmit cer-such persons who shall declare their intention to pay the sums af- ^h/receivers fefied upon them into the bank of England, with their respective general, explaces of residence, shall be delivered to the inspector or surveyor cept in default of the district where such commercial of shall be ap- * payment.

such persons7 name to be delivered to the surveyor of the district.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all persons who shall Such persons, have given such notice as aforesaid, but not otherwise, except on producing within the city of London and its vicinity as aforesaid, shall, within a^he the respective times limited by the said first recited act for pay- cates of their ment of the sums assessed, and on production at the bank of Eng- assessments land of their respective certificates of assessment, marked, number- may pay the ed, or lettered, as by the said act is directed, pay, or cause to be paid, amount there# into the said bank of England the amount of their respective assess- or by'instal^ ments, or any part or proportion thereof, at such times and in ments in due such proportions as they shall chuse, lb as the sums with which time, under they shall be respectively charged, or any part thereof, shall not the letter> be in arrear after the respective times limited for payment there- j^certifi-of under the respective letters or numbers marked on such certi- cate. to h>e ficates, to the account of the commercial of acting placed tc the for the city, town, or place, where such certificate shall have been account of Vol. XLII. M issued

162 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

the coromer- issued as aforesaid (which account the governor and company of cial commis- the bank of England are hereby required to open with such com-flow, 11 of the missioners respectively for that purpose); and the cashier or distri&sTthe cafr*iers of the bank of England shall, upon the receipt of any bank shall re- such sums of money on account of any such of, enter ceive and en- the same with the said respective numbers and figures set opposite \vithoutame> t^ereto> without requiring the names of the persons on whose requiring account the same shall be paid, and shall forthwith grant certifi-

any name; cates acknowledging the receipt of such respective sums; which

and shall grant la ft mentioned certificates shall be delivered to such last men-taone<^ cornmercial of, and the delivery of such cer-v/hich being tificates to the said last mentioned commercial of delivered to shall be a sufficient discharge to such persons for the amount of such commis* the respective sums so paid as aforesaid; and the cashier or

Tchar ^the ca^ers of England shall, from time to time, trans-

peid'ons^af- G to fuc^ mentioned commercial of respectively, fdled. The whensoever the same shall be required by them, accounts of ail

bank when monies so paid into the bank of England, under the account of

required filial] the respective commercial of to whose account the such 'conunif* same have been paid, with the respective figures and letters

sioners, ac- under which such sums shall have been paid as aforesaid.

counts of the sums so paid, with the respective figures and letters under which the pay-meats have been made.

Within ten

XX. And be it further enacted, That the respective last men-days after tioned commercial of shall, within ten days after the ment^such an^ f a^ter eac^ subsequent instalment appointed for the

commission- payment of the duties granted by the said first recited act, trans-er$'shall transmit to the receivers general of the respective counties, ridings, mitan ac- or places, where the certificates of such assessments shall have ^ross*amount ^cen ^ue(^ as aforesaid, or their respective deputies, and in Scot-of all sums ^ud to the receivers general there, an account of the gross paid into the amount of all the several sums of money so paid into the bank hank on such o 1 England under such certificates as aforesaid, on account of

to thercceiver eac^ mftalmenN which accounts shall be received by such general, receivers general as cash, and in discharge of so much of the said which returns rates or duties granted by the said act, as shall be mentioned shallbereceiv-in such accounts as aforesaid; and in all cases where any default calli^and*ma^en payment of any sum or sums of money con-

\vhere default tame^ in any such certificates of assessment which ought to be so is made in paid into the bank of England as last aforesaid, and such sum of payment by money shall not be paid upon notice in writing thereof, by such aTffed^nno commercaai of, in the manner directed by the said tice from the act> such commercial of shall forthwith cause all commission- such sums of money so in arrear as aforesaid, to be inserted in ers, according the duplicates of assessments to be delivered to the collector or c rief collectors of the parish or place for which such assessment shall commission- ma(^e and given in charge to such collector or collectors, with ers.ih dl inftrt warrant to levy the same in such and the like manner, and un-the firm due der the like powers, in every respect, as is directed by the said ftie^oH^o-'s rec'tec* a(^-n cai'es where the arrears are directed to be returned duplicate'of^to^commercial - of by the receivers general, afidfinent, to and

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22.

and shall also deliver to the respective receivers genera], or their respective deputies, counterparts of the certificates of all such assessments in payment whereof default friall have been made as last- aforesaid, in like manner as if such assessments had been originally payable to such receivers general respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the respective last: mentioned commercial of shall, on or before the fifth day of Jmie one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and so yearly in every subsequent year during the time in the said first recited act mentioned, or as soon after as conveniently can be done, transmit to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes duplicates of the gross amount of all assessments made upon all persons who shall have signified their intention of paying their respective assessments into the bank of England in manner hereinbefore directed; and the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England ill all also, from time to time whenever the same shall be required, transmit to the said of for the affairs of taxes accounts of the gross sums received at the bank of England on account of any assessments made by any commercial of appointed under the authority of the said act, distinguishing in such accounts the districts of the respective commercial of to whose accounts such sums of money have been paid.

under such assessments on account of such of in

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said first recited act contained shall be construed to extend to restrain the respective commercial of to be appointed under the said act from examining any person or persons in the presence of their secretary, clerk, or other person or persons duly sworn to secrecy, according to the directions of the said act, nor from disclosing the evidence given by them, or any of them, to such secretary, clerk, or other person or persons so sworn, for any of the purposes of the said act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective of of appeal for any county, riding, shire, or stewartry, or any division thereof, to employ a fit person to be their clerk, whose duty it shall be to receive all appeals to be laid before the said respective of, and also all statements of of for executing the purposes of this act, who ought to be assessed by the said respective of of appeal, and to enter the same in proper books for that purpose, and all such other acts as the said respective' of of appeal shall, in the execution of the said act, direct; and the said respective of of appeal shall, with the consent and approbation of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, allow to such clerk such salary or reward for each day's attendance as the said respective of of appeal, with such approbation as aforesaid, shall order, not exceeding the rate at which attornies or solicitors are usually paid for the like work; which sums so ordered and allowed, the cashier or cashiers of the bank, or the respective receivers general, on the production

the certificates signed by two or more of such respective com-; M2, mi (Turners

165

be levied by him; and shall then deliver counter- parts of iiidi assessment to the receiver general.

Such of shall annually, before June 5, transmit to the tax office duplicates of the gross amount of all such affieffi- 1 merits; and the bank, when required, shall also transmit to the tax office accounts of the gross sums received each district.

Commercial of may in all cases examine persons in the presence of such commissioners* sworn clerk, Sec. or disclose the evidence to such clerk, &c.

Commissioners of appeal may employ a clerk to receive appeals, and statements of income from general of, &c. such clerk to be paid, with the approbation of the tax office, by the bank or receivers general, on certificate of his attendance, &c. by the commissioners,

money for incidental expences.

164 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

missioners of appeal, certifying the number of days on which such clerk attended them, shall pay out of any monies in their hands of the duties granted by the said first recited act. order Them^XXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever money

bank or re. shall be wanting to defray the incidental expences of the said first ceivers gene- recited act, if the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England, or ral to advance the respective receivers general, shall not have then received, and have in his or their hands sufficient monies of the duties granted by this act, it shall be lawful for the lords of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, from time to time to direct such cashier or cashiers, or the respective receivers general, to advance and pay out of any publick monies in their hands such sums as shall be required for the said purposes, and to replace the same from time to time out of the first monies that shall come into their hands respectively of the said duties by this Traders may act granted.

beafTefled by

XXV. And be it further enacted, That any person or per-commissionera ^ons engagec^ xn trade or manufacture may be assessed by the for the district commercial of acting for the district wherein such where their trade or manufacture shall be carried on, although such person trade is car- or persons shall not be resident within such district. ried on.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall ^t^affiftaSs" happen sufficient persons shall not have been named to take to commercial upon themselves the office of assistants to any commercial of appointed under the said first recited a<S, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said commercial of, and they are hereby empowered, if they shall think the same necessary, to call to their assistance any person or persons willing to give assistance, and who may, in the opinion of such of, be best able and competent to judge of the amount of the reputed income of the person or persons, bodies, corporations, fraternities, or societies, whose statement shall be under consideration before the said of, (although such persons shall not be qualified as in the said recited act is of income, as directed), and shall esquire of such persons their opinion of suchini^r. amounts of reputed income, without disclosing to them, or any

o'ccafional or eirher of them, the amount contained in any such statement, as

assistants hav- by the said act is required: provided always, That any person so ing previously callecj before such of to give such assistance as aforesaid, shall, before the said of, take the oath in the said first recited act directed to be taken by commercial of: provided also, That such of shall after such enquiry, where the lame shall be thought necessary as aforesaid, or without such enquiry where the same shall be thought by the said of to be unnecessary, proceed in the making their assessments in such and the like manner in every respect as if such person or persons, so called upon for such assistance as aforesaid, had been appointed in manner directed by the

of have not been named, such of may call in any proper persons as assistants, and esquire their opinion on the amount

taken the oath required by f. 116. of that act; and commis-foners shall proceed to make their assessments,

Scc. as if such occaffonal

assistants had been regularly said act. appointed,

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any per-icm shall, after the said fifth day of April one thousand seven

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22.

hundred and ninety-nine, and before the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred, or within the like period in the course of any succeeding year during the continuance of the said first: recited act, become entitled to any income arising from any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, wheresoever the same shall be situate in Great Britain, or elsewhere, or from any kind of personal property, or other property whatever, or from any office, stipend, or pension, either on his or her own behalf, or on the behalf of any other person as trustee, agent, receiver, guardian tutor, curator, or-committee, or in any other character, either separately, or jointly with any other person, and such income shall not have been included in the amount of any former statement of the income of such person made, that then and in every such case, such person shall, within twenty-eight days after such income shall have accrued, (unless the former statement for such year shall be sufficient to cover the same), give notice thereof to the aftefior or asseftors of the parish or place within which he or she shall reside, and within which he or she intends to be charged in respect of such income, and shall also at the time of giving such notice return a statement of the amount of such income to such assessor or a fie (Tors, in like manner in every respect as is directed in the said recited act or this act for the return of statements to asseftors under the said act or this act; and an assessment shall be made upon every such person in respect of such income, from the period when such income accrued until the end of the then current year; and the commissioners for the purposes of the said act, acting in and for the district within which such return shall have been made, shall, upon notice thereof, and delivery of such statement to them by the alTelTor or afreflors receiving the same, proceed in the making their assessment in respect of such income, in such and the like manner in every respect as is directed by the said first recited act for making any assessment upon income; and such of shall thereupon add the amount of such assessment to any former assessment that shall have been made for that year upon the persons returning such statement, or if no such former assessment shall have been made, such commissioners shall make a new assessment in respect of such income, and proceed in all respects in the collecting and levying of the same in like manner as is directed in the said first recited act; and if any person hereby required to give such notice, or return any such statement, shall neglect l'o to do within the time hereinbefore specified for that purpose, such person shall forfeit and pay for such offence a sum not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered under the staid first recited act.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any such income shall accrue to any such person as aforesaid, in the course of any year, by reason of the death of any person who shall at the time of making the assessment for such year have included such income in his or her statement, and shall have been assessed for the same, it shall and may be lawful for

M3 the

165

Persons becoming entitled after April5jin any year, either on their own behalfs, or as trustees, &rc. to any income whatever not included in their statements, shall, within zo days after the accruing of such income, (unless the former statement is fuiricient to cover the same), give notides thereof to the af* feffors, with a statement of the amount, Sec. and the same shall be charged for the remainder of the year, and shall be added to any former assessment, or if no such hasbeenmade, put into a new assessment, and levied and collected as if made at the commencement of the year.

Penalty on not giving such notice, See. not exceeding 20l.

Where such income accrues by death, the representatives of the deceased may apply to the commit-

166 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

iioner.5, and the respective of, under the said first recited act, upon returning on application made for that purpose by the heirs, executors, or oVthe^rfon* a^m^n^rators person so dying, or any of them, and on a

to whom the returu of the name and residence of the person or persons to income ac- whom such income shall accrue by reason of such death, to dif-crues, and charge such heirs, executors, or administrators, from any fur-thJ'dmh^of^er Payment ^or or ln re^Pest of such income, other than for the party shall^uc^ Part t^eref as shall have accrued before such death, and to receive a'cer- grant a certificate of such discharge to such heirs, executors, or'tificate of dif-administrators; and that such certificate, on delivery thereof to chm-ge, to be t|ie respective of, or to the collector or collectors, or the collectors receiver general, or his deputy, shall be a sufficient discharge to &c. such heirs, executors, or administrators, from any further payment

in respect of the sum that shall be ascertained in such certificate Agents to as aforesaid.

persons otfull

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any agent to any 1-fn^dom* & other person, being of full age, and out of this kingdom, shall rnakina; it fa- not have sufficient money in his hands to pay the sum which tisf'.ctonjyap- ought to be contributed on the behalf of such other person, at

pear that they t]ie t; me when payment thereof ought to be made by virtue of

have the said first recited act, and shall prove, to the satisfaction of the of for the purposes of the said act, that he hath

not since the delivery of the statement had sufficient money, in his hands for payment thereof, or that, from death, revocation of authority, or other cause, such payment ought to be delayed,

funds iiiffi-cient to pay the contribution ot Inch principal, or that from rer vocation of authority,

or the assessment made upon such statement

ought, to

be discharged or vacated, it shall be lawful for the said of

c. the aiicfl- [n fucfi case, and on such proof as aforesaid, to direct such pay-

vacated110 ment to A>e suspended until sufficient money shall come into the

roay bereliev- hands of such agent for payment thereof, or such assessment to

edbythecom- be discharged or vacated, as the case may require, subject never-

missioners, thelels to an appeal by the surveyor or inspector, to the determi-

iubjftt to ap- nat; on of t}ie fojfi commissioners in the manner directed by the peal by the J

surveyor, a*

under f. 64. of

XXX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said c. 13. first recited act as enacts, that no discount or allowance what-

So much of ever shall be allowed or paid on any sum or sums of money to i. 95. oi'c. 13. pajcj: nt0 t]-je bank of England, in pursuance of the said acts shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person having into the bank, recived, from the collector of any parish or place, notice, in repealed. writing, of the amount of his or her asse Ament, or who shall have received, from the commercial of appointed under the said first recited act, the certificate of his or her assessment, shall be desirous of paying the duly in advance at the bank of England, it shall be lawful for the cashier or cashiers of the said producing the bank of England^ on production of the notice or certificate of tificat^ ther^r" a^e^ment at dme of payment of the said duty in ad-ot, may pay vance5 (the sum so paid not in' pny case to be less than the sum the duty in which appears, by such certificate, to be payable by three in-advance at ftalmenls), to make an allowance at the rate ot five pounds per Jheb.wik.apd', ntm

>.'ij paying

as difdlows discount on money paid

Any person, on receiving the amount ot ids afetfi nlent, and

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. 167

centum per annum^ out of the sum or sums so paid in advance, three instal-calculated upon such sum or sums, for the period or periods by ments or which each respective sum shall be paid sooner than the period prescribed by the said first recited act, for payment thereof; and count on each, in every such case the said cashier or cashiers shall give the per- at the rate of son paying the same a certificate of such payment, and a dupli- 5b percent.: cate thereof, specifying therein the number of instahnents there-fuJh^menU by discharged, and the amount of the allowance for such prompt to be g[ven by payment, and referring thereby to the notice or certificate of a(- the bank. fe/Tment then produced, and the description of the person, number, or letter therein mentioned; and all such allowances shall oe made by the said cashier or cashiers, out of the duties to be paid in at the said bank of England, at the time of paying the same.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever all the The majority

of for the purposes of the said first recited act, or the ?

major part of them, present at any meeting holden under the at any meet-ftid aft, shall adjudge that there is just cause to disallow the ap- ing may dif-plication of any surveyor or inspector to revise any statement as allow the spin the said act is mentioned, then and in such case, but not j^rv^ors^o other wise, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to difal- revise Hate-low the same; any thing in the said act contained to the con- ments. [fee f. trary notwithstanding. 53* of c- -'3]

[Former sche-

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the schedules to the said first recited act annexed shall be, and the same are here-

by repealed; - and that the several schedules to this act annexed, duies substi-and all and every the provisions of this act, shall, in the execu- tuted.

tion of the said recited act and of this act, be severally applied and construed in like manner as if the said schedules and provisions were specially enacted in the said act or this act; and that the said several schedules to this act annexed, with their respective rules, directions, marks, and references, shall be deemed and taken to be a part of the said recited act and of this act; and that all the provisions of the said act, and every reference therein contained to the schedules to the said act annexed, shall (except where the same are hereby expressly varied) he applied, construed, deemed, and taken to refer to the schedules to this act annexed, and be extended to and construed in like manner as it the same had been enacted in the said act or this act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this act, or any of Act may be tile provisions thereof, maybe altered, varied, or repealed, by* ajt<-red 07* ve* any act or acts to be passed in this present fefEou of parliament. IftRon*U

M 4,

168

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

The SCHEDULES to which this act refers.

(A.)

RULES for estimating the income of the current year of persons to be assessed under the act of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

I. INCOME arising from lands, tenements, and hereditaments. GENERAL RULE.

In all the undermentioned cases whenever the term "Annual Value of Lands" is used, the same is to be understood as signifying the aggregate amount of the rent at which the same are let, or if not let, are worth to be let by the year, according to the ordinary rent of lands of like quality in the same neighbourhood; together with the payments within the year for ail parochial and other taxes, rates, and af-ieflments, charged upon the respective occupiers in respect of such lands; and also the value of tythes, where taken in kind, or of the sums paid in satisfaction for the same; after tieduding from such aggregate amount the fourth part thereof.

I ft, INCOME of owners of lands,

FIRST CASE.

Income of lands occupied by the owner.

Such income shall be taken at the amount of one year's rent, according to the rate at which such lands are worth to be let by the year according to the ordinary rent of lands of like quality in the same neighbourhood, regard being had to the demands to which such lands may be liable for or in respect of parochial and other taxes, rates, and assessments, and of tythes, or any satisfaction for the same, or from which demands such lands may be free; and also of a sum not less than the amount of one quarter, or more than one half, of the annual value of such lands, estimated as in the general rule aforesaid, in addition to such rent; except where the lands have come into the occupation of the owner within eighteen months past, on the expiration of a lease, or the death or failure of a tenant, in which case the same shall be valued at one year's rent only of lands of the like quality, as aforesaid.

Deductions to be made from the First Case.

The amount of land tax payable for one year preceding.

The amount of fee farm rents, quit rents, rent charges, ground rents, and other rents payable by such owner, or other

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22.

charges which the owner of the land shall be bound by tenure to pay, or for the expence of drainage under any commission of sewers, estimated for one year, next preceding.

Repairs of buildings, conflicting of a principal messuage, occupied by the owner, and other buildings, occupied with a farm of, lands or tythes at an average, to be settled at the discretion of the of under all the circumstances, not exceeding eight pounds per centum on the annual value of the farm, estimated as in the general rule; but if there be no principal messuage, then at the like average, not exceeding three pounds per centum on the like annual value:

Also on account of expences in draining lands, such sum as the of shall allow, not exceeding in any case three pounds per centum on the annual value of the lands improved by such drainage.

And in respect of embankments from the sea, or any river, when the same shall be necessary for the occupation of lands, or by reason of tenure therein, such sum as the of, under all the-circumstances, shall allow.

SECOND CASE.

Houses and buildings occupied by the owner.

The income arising from such houses or other buildings shall be taken to be the fair rent at which houses of the like description are usually let or might be let by the year, unfurnished, as near as may be; but where the same are or shall be rated to the tax on inhabited houses, then not to be taken at less than such rate.

Deductions.

Repairs, at the best average, in the judgement of the of, and not exceeding ten pounds per centum on such rent as aforesaid.

Other deductions as in the first case.

THIRD CASE.

Lands, tenements, or her edit ament s, in the occupation of tenants at rack rent.

The income arising from such lands shall be taken to be the full amount of the rent reserved.

Deductions.

As in the first case, if payable by the owner; and also the amount of the tythes, or the satisfaction for the same, and rate and taxes, if payable by the owner, and also the actual expences of collecting the rents.

FOURTH CASE.

Lands^ tenements'! or hereditaments, demised to tenants in cotiftderation of a fine paid and rent reserved.,

The

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

The income arising from such lands shall be taken to be the amount of the rent for one year, and of such farther sum in respect of the fines from the said lands, as will amount to a sum equal to what were or would be the receipts of one year, on such average as shall be settled or confirmed by the respective of before whom the question shall be depending.

Deductions.

As in the third case, if payable by the owner.

FIFTH CASE.

hands, tenements, or her edit aments, demised to tenants 'in const deration of a fine without rent reserved, or a nominal rent only.

A fair average of the fines, as under the fourth case.

Deductions.

As under the third case, if payable by the owner.

SIXTH CASE.

Houses demised to tenants at rack rent.

The income arising from such houses shall be tak^n to be the full amount of the rent reserved for one year.

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the tenant, as under the second case. Other deductions, as under the third case, as far as the same are applicable, if payable by the owner.

SEVENTH CASE.

Houses demised to tenants in confederation of rent reserved and fine,

As under the fourth case, mutatis mutandis.

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the tenant, as under the second case. Other deductions, as under the third case, as far as the same are applicable, if payable by the owner.

EIGHTH CASE.

Hotfes demised to tenants in consideration of a fine, without rent) or nominal rent only.

As under the fifth case, mutatis mutandis.

Deductions.

Repairs, if not paid by the tenant, as under the second case. Other deductions, as under the third case, as far as the same are applicable if payableby the owner.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. 22.-

NINTH CASE.

Tythes in respect of owners.

The income arising from such tythes shall be estimated on a fair average for three years preceding, of the a&uai value, if taken in kind, regard, in such case, being had to the expence incurred in collecting the same, or, if compounded for, of the compositions received for the same.

Deductions.

As under the third case, as far as the same are applicable, if payable by the owner \ and also all payments made on account of parochial and other rates, taxes, and assessments, in respect of such tythes which shall be payable by the owner.

TENTH CASE.

Profits of manors, or of timber or woods, usually cut, periodically, and in certain proportions^ mifies, insurance offices from fire, and other profits of uncertain annual amount.

The income arising therefrom shall be estimated on such average as shall be settled by the respective of, before whom the question shall be depending, except in the cases of mines, insurance offices from fire, where the average shall be taken on a term not exceeding five years.

Deductions,

As under the third case, as far as the same are applicable, if payable by the owner.

2d. INCOME of tenants of lands, tenements, and hereditaments.

ELEVENTH CASE.

Lands or hereditaments occupied by tenants at rack rents.

If the annual value of such lands or hereditaments, estimated as herein-before directed in the general rule be under three hundred pounds, then the income arising therefrom to the tenant shall be taken to be not less than one half, or more than two thirds of such value j and if at three hundred pounds or upwards, then to be at not less than three fifths or more than three fourths of such value.

Deductions.

Such and no other deductions as are herein after comprised under the head of General Deductions, if payable by the tenant.

TWELFTH CASE.

The income arising from mines, tythes, woods, and other hereditaments of uncertain amount, when occupied by tenants, to be charged as the same would be charged in the hands of the owner, deducing also the rent, payable for the same.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

THIRTEENTH CASE.

Lands or tenements demised in consideration of fines, whether with or without a rent reserved.

The income arising from such lands or tenements shall be estimated at the amount at which the same would be estimated in the case of an owner occupying the same, deducing therefrom a sum equal to the annual value of payments reserved to the owner, as directed to be estimated in the fourth case.

Deductions as in the eleventh case.

3d. INCOME of mesne lejfors, under demises, in consideration of fines, whether with or without a rent reserved, and of lands or tenements demised upon improveable leases.

FOURTEENTH CASE.

In every such case, the income of every mesne Ieflor or lessors shall be charged at the same amount as his income would be charged at if owner, deducting therefrom such rent and average of fines (if any) as shall be paid thereout to his or her immediate Ieflor.

II. INCOME arising from personal property and from trades, prosessions, offices, penftons, allowances, fiipends, employments, and vocations.

FIFTEENTH CASE.

I ft. INCOME from any trade, profeffon> office, pension, allowance, stipend, employment, or vocation, being of uncertain annual amount.

The income arising therefrom to be taken for the first year of being charged, shall be estimated either at not less than the full amount of the profits or gains of such trade, profession, office, pension, allowance, stipend, employment, or vocation, within the preceding year, or at the election of the person charged, at a sum not less than the fair and just average for one year of the amount of the profits or gains of such trade, profession, office, pension, allowance, stipend, employment, or vocation, in the three years preceding, and in all succeeding years, the income to be reckoned according to the same mode which the said person shall have chosen to take in the first year.

Deductions.

No other deductions to be made from such income, than such as are herein after comprized under the head of General Deductions; except two thirds of the rent paid by the tenants ofhouses, part whereof is occupied and used by such tenants as an open {hop for retail trade only; or by innkeepers and other persons licensed to sell wine, ale, or other liquors, by

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. it. t

retail, to be drank in their respective houses; or by persons keeping any school, academy, or seminary for learning, and usually having their scholars to board and lodge (to a number not less than ten) in their respective dwelling houses; and also, except any rate charged in respectt thereof by virtue of any act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax; or on offices, pensions, stipends, or personal estates, by any act for the services of the year for which the computation shall be made; or upon pensions, or salaries, fees, and wages, in respect of offices of profit, by an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of King George the First; or upon pensions, gratuities, offices, or employments of profit, by an act passed in the thirty  first year of his late majesty King George the Second.

SIXTEENTH CASE.

2d. INCOME from offices, pensions, stipends, annuities, interest of money, rent charge, or other payments of the like nature, being of certain annual amount.

The income possessed by the same person during the whole of the preceding year, to betaken at not less than the whole income paid or payable in respect thereof, within the year preceding, ending on the fifth day of February in each year, or on such other day of the year as the annual payments have been usually completed; and income not possessed by the same person during the whole of the preceding year, at not less than the whole income (as far as the same can be computed) which will become payable in the succeeding year.

General Deductions to be allowed; and also any tax of charge in respect of the same, imposed by any act or acts.

III. INCOME arising out of Great Britain.

SEVENTEENTH CASE.

I ft. From foreign possessions.

The full amount of the actual annual net income received in Great Britain, either estimating such receipt in the first year of being charged, at the election of the person charged, according to the year ending the fifth day of February immediately preceding such estimate, or according to the average of the three years preceding such fifth day of February, or on such day in each year on which the account of such income has been usually made up; and in all succeeding years, the annual receipt to be reckoned in the same mode which the person charged shall have chosen to take in the first year.

General Deductions to be allowed.

EIGHTEENTH

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. zz.

[1798.

EIGHTEENTH CASE.

2d, MONET arising from foreign securlties.

The annual income of such securities, if the same were exiting in the preceding year, to be estimated according to the produce of fuc&.year, and if the same were not then existing, to be computed upon the expected produce of the current yean

General Deductions to be allowed.

IV. INCOME not falling under any of the foregoing rules.

Such income to be estimated to the the bell of the knowledge and belief of the person receiving the same entitled thereto; and such estimate to be delivered to the commissioners, together with a statement of the nature of such income, and the grounds on which the amount thereof shall have been so estimated.

General Deductions to be allowed.

GENERAL DEDUCTIONS FROM INCOME.

1. The amount of annual interest payable for debts owing by the party, or charged upon the property of the party, from which any income shall arise.

2. The amount of allowances to any child or children, or other relations, such child or children, or other relation or relations not making a part of the family of the party, and of whole names and places of.residence the assessors and surveyors shall have had notice by a declaration according to the form No. 4.

3. Aftefied taxes under the two acts of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the duties on houses, windows, and lights, on inhabited houses, and on clocks and watches; and for granting to his Majesty other duties on houses, windows, and lights, and on inhabited houses, in lieu thereof; and for repealing the duties upon male servants, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof.

4. The amount of any annuity payable by the party, either as a debt or charge upon his or her income, (excepting any payment jlo the wife of any party living with such party, for which (he, or any trustee or trustees on her behalf, shall not bt duly charged under this act).

5. Persons who have made or shall make insurance on their respective lives, or on the lives of their respective wives, shall be at liberty, in addition to an; other deductions, to deduct the amount of the premium of such insurance for the current year.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22.

6. Persons entitled to any income during and depending upon the life or lives of any other person or persons who have made, or shall make, insurance on the life or lives- of such other person or persons, shall be at liberty, in addition to any other deductions,

(except the deduction herein after mentioned), to dedut the amoupt of the premiums of such last mentioned insurance for the current year; provided that if, after the death of such other person or persons on whose life or lives such insurance shall have been made, the income, or any part thereof from which such premiums have been deduced, shall be continued, or the estate from whence the same arose renewed, or shall have been usually continued, or the estate from whence the same arose shall have been usually renewed by the payment of a fine or fines, then and in such case no deduction shall be allowed on account of such fine or fines which shall have been paid, or would become payable, on any such Yenewal.

PARTICULAR DEDUCTIONS FROM INCOME.

1. The amount of the tenths and first fruits, duties and fees on presentations paid by any ecclesiastical person within the year preceding that in which the computation shall be made.

2. Procurations and fynodals paid by ecclesiastical persons, on an average of seven years preceding that in which the computation shall be made.

3. Repairs of chancels of churches by any rector, vicar, or other person bound to repair the same, on an average of twenty-; one years preceding, as aforesaid, or as nearly thereto as can be produced.

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE of INCOME of

Z.

3*

4.

DESCRIPTION of PROPERTY from which INCOME anses,

7-

8.

13

*4-J5-16.

17-

18.

j. d.

Lands occupied by me as owner j, -lue

Houses and buildings occupied by me as owner Lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in occupation of tenants at rack rent -

Lands, tenements, or heredita- I amount of fines . ments, demised to tenants in y on an average f consideration of a fine paid and "S of years C

amount of rent'

d.

Annual Income*

rent referred

Lands, tenements, or hereditaments, demised to ( fi.^S )

tenants in consideration of a fine, without<^>

any rent reserved, or nominal rent only -^Gf a years /

Houses demised to tenants at rack rent

Houses demised to tenants in consideration of rent reserved and fine Houses demised to tenants in consideration of a fine without rent, or a nominal rent, only -

Tythes received in kind, or compo- f amount of average re-)fition reserved for the same - ( ceipt for three years )

 d.

average receipt for years do - do

do - do

do-not exceeding five years i other profits of uncertain amount do for years

Lands or hereditaments demised to me, as tenant at rack rent s manors -

( timber -

woods - /demised to me,

manors

timber

t, r 1 woods

Profits of< mines

.s.

Profits of

1 other heredita-

Vtythes

f taking < kind < pound

average the same ments of uncer- i as the ioth casey tain amount -; deducting the rent

payable. in 3 as in the 9th^com- 5-case, deduct- r ded for 3ing therent )

Lands or tenements demised to me in consideration ofa fine, ^whether with or without a rent reserved; annual value -

S Lands ortenements demised to mein consideration 3 . s. A of fine, with or without a rent, and underlet to > a tenant - )

Lands demised to me at rent, and underlet to a tenant at an improved rent From profession, offices, pensions, stipends, employments, trade or vocation being of uncertain annual amount -

From offices, pensions, stipends, annuities, interest of money, rent -charge, and other payments being of certain annual amount, and allowances applied to my use, including the income of the wife, if any, for which she or her trustee or trustees shall not be charged living with husband, though separately secured From foreign possessions -

From money arising from foreign securities From any income not falling under any of the above heads, or within the rules prescribed by the ad Nature of the income, and grounds on which \ the amount thereof is estimated - )

Total amount of income lVdudions from above

Income chargeable

of the Parish of

(D.)

in the Division of

DEDUCTIONS.

Land tax payable on the several properties mentioned^under Nos on the other side, from the \

jr. s. d.

to the

day of

day of

la ft pa ft -

Fines paid upon an average of years ee farm rents payable otit of Nos on the other side Quit rents, payable out of Nos - do

Kent charges, payable out of N> - do

Ground rent, payable out of N - do

Other rents, payable out of N5 - do

Tenths ... do

Procurations, fynodals, payable (by ecclesiastical persons) out of N3 upon an average of seven years

rOf farm, with principal messuage, under Of farm buildings, without principal messuage, under Nos < -

C by rate

Of draining lands, under Nos < for improve-ReDa: r,) (ment of lands

" 1 Of embankments, under Nos

Of houses and buildings not occupied with a farm, under Nos -

Of chancels of churches by rectors, vicars and others bound to repair the same, upon an average of 21 years -

Tythes-<

' Expences in cohering the same, upon an average of three years -

Value thereof paid in kind, upon do average Value of composition for the same, upon doave- rage

Annual interest for debts,

( Personal ( Charged on Nos Allowances to children, or other relations; viz. [ Assesse.d taxes under aVs 38 Geo. III. c. 40, 41.

Annuities -

Land tax on personal estates, offices, pensions, See. Premiums of insurance on life

Total amount of deductions

s. d.

d.

n

Witness my hand this day of

 J* 1

Memorandum:  The local Jit nation of the several properties in the opposite column must here he described under their respective numbers; and if in Great Britain, the several parishes and counties in which they are situatey together with the several places of residence of the party

You XLII. N A, i*

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

A. 1.

N 1.

LIST containing the proper name of every lodger, inmate, and other person resident in the dwelling house, except servants and infants, not having an income chargeable by virtue of the acts.

N 2.

LIST containing the proper name and place of residence of every person not resident in Great Britain, and of every infant* idiot, lunatick, married woman, and other person having any income chargeable by virtue of the acts, of which I am irt receipt of as trustee, agent, receiver, guardian, curator, of committee, and also the name or names of such persons who are joined with me in such trust.

Name or names of persons above described. Description and relidenre of ]>ersons bein^ respectively not resident m Great Britain, or infants, idiots, ht-naticks, or maried women, ov other persons as aforesaid. Name or names of trustees, &: c. joined with me in such truii, &c.

Witness my hand this day-of

N 3-

DECLARATION to be made by persons who have two of more dwelling houses* to be delivered to the assessors.

Ido declare, That I am desirous of being charged to the rates and duties granted by an act of the

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22.

thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, in the of in the of

If the party meanjj to be charged in different parishes for different parts of the income, the statementk of the whole income must be filled up and delivered in each of those panfhes; and in such case the above must specify the several parities, and the respective proportions to be paid in each, by adding the same in the following manner:

u Parish of in the of in respect of one part of my inconie: and in the parish of

in the^of irl respetf of one

other part of my income.*'

N 4.

DECLARATION of the nafne and place of residence of arijr person or persons to whom any allowances are made, which the party is entitled to dedtiEt.

Name or name of persons above described. Place of residence. Sum allowed.

N 5.

DECLARATION of the number of children to be delivered to the commercial of, if any income is to be assessed by them, if not, to the assessors.

Ido declare, That I have the undermentioned child born in lawful wedlock, and principally maintained by the^ and at my expence; and that I have not deduced any allowance made by me to such child from my income.

Above the age of six years*

Under the age of six years*

being respectively the child of* in respect of

Whom I claim an abatement after the rate of per centum

from the furri which I have declared to be not less than one part of my income, in pursuance of the said acts; and am ready to verify this my declaration as the act requires.

Witness my hand, this day of

Here must be inserted, whether they are children of the claimant, of of his or her wife or hufbarld by a former marriage,

M 2 N* 6.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

B.

180

N 6

STATEMENTS by persons of their own income to be delivered to the assessors, either where the party is not concerned in trade or manufacture, or is not desirous that the whole of his income, or the part arising from trade or manufacture, should be assessed by the commercial of; to be delivered open or sealed up at the election of the party.

Where the income does not amount to sixty pounds per annum.

Ido declare. That my income, estimated according to the directions and rules of an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more effectual provison for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, and of another act for amending the said act, doth not amount to the sum of sixty pounds per annum. Dated this day of

(Signed)

N 7.

Where the income amounts to sixty pounds per annum, and is under

two hundred pounds.

Ido declare. That my income, estimated according to the directions and rules of an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, and of another act for amending the said act, doth not exceed the sum of and that I am willing to pay the

sum of for my contribution for one year, from the fifth day of April to the fifth day of April the same being not less than one part of my income,

estimated as aforesaid, to be paid according to the directions of the said acts. Dated the day of

(Signed)

In this and in all cases in which an abatement is intended to be claimed for a child or children, the following words shall be added, c subject to the abatement claimed by me on account of a child or children, by virtue of the said a

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. % z.

N 8

Where the income amounts to two hundred pounds, or upwards.

Ido declare. That I am willing to pay the sum of for my contribution for one year, from the fifth day of April until the fifth day of April

in pursuance of an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act, mad? in the last fission of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, and of another act for amending the said act; and I do declare, That the said sum of is not less than one tenth part of my income, estimated according to the directions and rules prescribed by the said acts, to the best of my knowledge and belief. Dated this day of

(Signed)

N9 9.

STATEMENTS by persons of their own income, to be delivered to the assessors, where a part only is to be attetted by commercial of, as arising from trade or manufacture; and may be delivered sealed up or open.

Ido declare. That my income, estimated according to the directions and rules of an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, and of another act for amending the said act, excluding such part thereof as ariles from trade or manufacture, doth not expeed the sum of per annum. Dated the

<iay of

(Signed)

N IO.

STATEMENTS by persons of their own income to be delivered to the commercial of, where the whole is intended to be charged before such of, as arising in part or in the whole from trade or merchandize.

Ido declare. That I am willing to pay the sum of for my contribution for one year, flora

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22. [1798.

the fifth day of April until the fifth day of April

in pursuance of an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to, repeal the duties imposed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war $ and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, and " of another act for amending the said act; and I do declare, That the sum of is not less than one

part of my income, estimated according to the directions and rules prescribed by the said ^cts, to the best of my knowledge and belief. Dated this day of

(Signed)

N 11.

STATEMENTS by persons of their own income to be delivered to the commercial of, where a part of the income arises from trade or manufacture, which part only they are desirous flaould be a fie fled by such of.

Ido declare. That I am willing to pay the sum of for my contribution for one year,

from the fifth day of April until the fifth day of April in pursuance of an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, and of another act for amending the said act; and I do declare, That the sum of is not less than one

part of my income, estimated according to the directions and rules prescribed by the said act, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in respect of such part thereof as arises from trade or manufacture; and that a statement of the residue of my income, not arising from trade or manufacture, hath been delivered to the assessors, or one of them, for the of in

he county of dated this day of

(Signed)

N 12.

STATEMENTS of income by trustees, agents, &V. on behalf of others, for whom they act as trustees, fcfr. to be delivered to the assessors.

Where the income does not amount to sixty pounds per annum.

Ido declare. That the income of

for whom I am estimated according to the di*

retions and rules of an at of parliament, passed in the thirty-ninth

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 22.

year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war \ and to make more effefinal provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, and of another act for amending the said act, doth not amount to the sum of sixty pounds per annum. Dated this day of

(Signed)

N. 13.

Where tbs income amounts to sixty pounds per, and is under

two hundred pounds.

I do declare, That the income of

for whom I am estimated according to the directions and rules of an act of parliament, pasted in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, and of another act for amending the said acct, doth not exceed the sum.of and that I am willing, on behalf of the said to pay the sum of for

contribution for one year, from the fifth day of April to the fifth day of April

the same being not less than one part of

income, estimated as aforesaid, to be paid according to the directions of the said acts* Dated this day of

(Signed)

N 14.

Where the income amounts to two hundred pounds.per annum^ or upwards.

Ido declare, That I am willing, on behalf of for whom I am to pay the sum of for contribution for one year,

from the fifth day of April to the fifth day of April

in pursuance of ?, n acct, pasted in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act^ made in the last fejfwn of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war \ and to make more effefinal provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, and of another afi for amending the said afi; and I ^Jq declare, Th; tt the said sum of is not less than

184

[Preamble.]

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 23. [1798.

one tenth part of income, estimated according to the directions and rules prescribed by the said acts, to the best of my knowledge and belief. Dated this day of

(Signed)

c.

N 15.

NOTICE to be given to assessors, duly filled up and signed, where any income is intended to be charged by the commercial of.

TAKE notice, that*engaged in trade or manufacture f, and mean to be charged to the rates and duties granted by an act of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, under the powers and provisions vetted in and given to the commercial of for the of

in the county of

Witness my hand this day of

I (or we, if partners), (or, if not on his own account, o the behalf of)am (or are)

f Here set forth the branch or branches of trade or manufacture, and the place or places where the same is carried on.

X If the party has other income, not to be charged by the commercial of, the above mult specify that he means to be charged to such part of the income as arises from his trade or manufacture, by adding these words after the filling up of the blank for the county, " for such part of my income as arises from trade and manufacture."

CAP. XXIII.

An act to repeal certain parts of three acts, made in the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for raising a provincial force of cavalry \ and for making further provision respecting such part of the provisional cavalry of this kingdom as is now actually called out and embodied.

[March 21, 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that such part of the provisional force of cavalry, raised by virtue of two several acts, passed in the thirty seventh year of his present Majesty, as hath not been embodied prior to or under another act passed in the last session of parliament should be forthwith disbanded, in the manner and according to the regulations herein after mentioned and that such part of the said provisional cavalry as hath been embodied prior to or under the said act, should remain embodied under the regulations of the said acts and of this act, until the end of the present war, or such for ter time as his Majesty shall think proper, and then to be disbanded, in like manner % s the provisional cavalry, not now embodied, is directed by this act to be disbanded; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 23. 185

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That 38 Geo. 3. in every county, riding, or place, where the provisional cavalry thislu^to thereof shall have been embodied prior to the patting of the said extend to act of the last session of parliament, all and every the provisions, provisional clauses, regulations, privileges, matters, and things, in the said cavlrJ., act or in this a & contained, relating to provisional cavalry embodied under the said act, shall be extended to, and are hereby ing the declared to be in force, and shall be applied to any provisional former act, cavalry embodied prior to the patting of the said act, and now and now remaining embodied, in as full and ample a manner, in every respect as to any other provisional cavalry raised, and now embodied under the above recited acts, or any or either of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That in every county, riding, Where the and place, the provisional cavalry whereof is not now embodied, provisional the provisions of the said several acts, or of any other acts respecting the said provisional force of cavalry, which relate to the the muttering, training, and exercising, or embodying, the provisions said provisional cavalry, or to the making any further allowances relating to for the expences of keeping the horses belonging to such provisional cavalry, shall, from and after the passing of this act, be, and wh*ere now the same are hereby repealed; and that in every county or riding, embodied, the the provisional cavalry whereof is now embodied, all the pro- provisions visions contained in the several acts aforesaid, which relate to to

the furnishing any mare or gelding for such provisional cavalry, horses and or providing any men to serve therein, shall also, from and providing after the passing of this act, be, and the same are hereby men> to be repealed., repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Where the provisional cavalry is not now embodied, and any mare or provisional gelding, cloaths, furniture, or accoutrements, or other articles, nowembo-* as required by the said acts, have been furnished to any person died, and any serving, or ballotted to serve, in the provisional cavalry out of horse, See. has any publick monies applied under any of the said acts, or any been furnished allowance of any publick monies has been made to any person OUhi^hn

so serving or ballotted as aforesaid, for the providing any mare or hioney, the gelding, cloaths, furniture, accoutrements, or other articles requir- sum so ed to be provided according to the directions of the said acts, that expended, or then and in every such case the sum of money expended in the fur- as

nishing such mare or gelding, cloaths, furniture, or accoutrements, lieutenants, or other articles, as required by the said acts, or as an allowance or court of to the person ballotted, or class from which the person was lieutenancy, ballotted for the providing the same, or such proportion thereof ^(bnable^ as the deputy lieutenants or court of lieutenancy, shall, under all ^au^9

circumstances, adjudge reasonable, not being in any case less repaid to such than one half of the sum so advanced, shall be repaid to such person as person, at or before the time of the said provisional cavalry being ^fentof thef disbanded, as the deputy lieutenants of the division, or court ofreceiver the lieutenancy of the place, with the consent of the receiver general, shall

general for the county, riding, or place, in which such person order, or the^horse, &c.

shall be deli*

yered to such person as they shall appoint, to be sold, and the produce of the sum so repaid, to be paid over to the receiver general.

186 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 23. [1798.

was ballotted to serve, shall authorise to receive the same, according to the order of the said deputy lieutenants, or court of lieutenancy, or in default thereof, the mare or gelding, cloaths, furniture, accoutrements, and other articles so furnished or provided as aforesaid, shall be forthwith delivered to such person as shall be appointed by the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, or court of lieutenancy, to receive the same; and all such mares, geldings, cloaths, furniture, accoutrements, and other articles so ordered to be delivered, shall thereupon be sold anddisposed of by publick auction, as soon as conveniently may be, for the best price that can be obtained, and the rponey so to be repaid, or the produce arising from such Tales, or so much thereof as have been so advanced, shall be paid oyer to such receiver general or his deputy, and go in payment, or in aid of payment, of the sums required to replace the monies advanced by such receiver ge-Any overplus neras, under the said acts for the provisional cavalry raised in such to be repaid division or place: provided always, That any overplus arising from the party who a^ter PaYinS she money advanced, or such proportion

provided the thereof as aforesaid, to such receiver general as aforesaid, shall be repaid to the party who shall have provided such mare, gelding, cloaths, furniture, accoutrements, or other articles as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in the several counties, ridings, and places, where the provisional cavalry has not been mVodied, the embodied, the deputy lieutenants of each subdivision of such deputy lieu- county or riding, and the court of lieutenancy of any place, shall, as soon after the passing of this act as conveniently may be, meet in their respective subdivisions and places, and cause all such of the provisional cavalry in their several subdivisions and places reflectively, as shall not have, been furnKhed as aforesaid, at the publick: expence, with ^ny mares, geldings, cloaths, furniture, or accou-

horse, &c.

Where the provisional cavalry has not been

tenants of each subdivision, and the court of lieutenancy of any place,

cluiie^uch^s^ trements, or shall not have received any allowances for the pror shall not have viding any mares, geldings, cloaths, furniture, or accoutrements, been furnished to be forthwith disbanded; and shall, at such meeting, appoint a at the publick day, not later than fourteen days from the time of such first horses^&Ttameeting, for the mustering of all such provisional cavalry as shall be disbanded, not have been disbanded at such first meeting as aforesaid, and by and appoint a whom any mare, gelding, cloaths, or accoutrements, ought tq day for be returned, or allowances gracted, ought to be repaid as afore-

asUfhah^k)t*be an^ every Person for whom any mare or gelding, cloaths

fmniture, or accoutrements, shall have been furni (bed at the publick expence, or to whom any allowance of money has been made for providing the same, who shall neglect to attend such mutter, or to fend tome agent on his or her behalf, to deliver up at such meeting such mare, gelding, cloaths, furniture or accoutre-: ments as ought to be returned at such meeting, or to repay such sum of money as may be due in lieu thereof, to the person appointed by the deputy lieutenants, of court of lieutenancy to receive the same as aforesaid, shall forfeit fpch sum of money as shall be fixed by any two or more deputy lieutenants, or such court of lieutenancy, at such meeting as aforesaid, not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, which sum shall be certified to the respective

disbanded; and such as shall have been furnished, with any horse, See. at ^he publick trxpence, who shall negleift to attend to deliver up such horse.

Sec. shall forfeit a sum not exceeding 2 oh

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 23, 187

respective of, and shall be added to the last or next assessment of such person, in respect of the duities on horses in the raid acts mentioned, and levied and accounted for together with the duties therein contained, and as part thereof, under the same powers as the duties on horses may by law be levied

and recovered. Summons for

V. And be it further enacted, That the summons for attending attending

such mutters shall be issued, and notice thereof given by the mutters, and constables and other officers, in their respective jurisdictions, in notice thereof the same manner as is directed in the said latt mentioned acct, ^notfc^of

for giving notice of any time and place of exercise under the said tjme anci

last mentioned act. place of exer-

VI. And be it further enacted, That in every county, cde. riding, or place, the provisional cavalry whereof shall be now where the embodied, the officer commanding such provisional cavalry shall, provisional within one month after the passing of this act, cause an account j^alry^ to be taken of the several mares and geldings in such provisional ^e^e[he" cavalry that shall be fit for military service, dittingufiling in the commanding said account such as shall have been valued, and of which certi- officer shall ficates of value shall have been granted at or after the embody- cause an ing of such provisional cavalry, as is directed by the said act of ^taken the last fettion of parliament, or by any former a 1 relating to the horses tit the provisional force of cavalry, and shall cause such account for military to be transmitted to the lieutenant, in his absence to the

deputy lieutenants of the county, riding, or place to which f^have been such provisional cavalry shall belong; and the lieutenant or deputy valued, and lieutenants of such county, riding, or place, shall thereupon cause transmitted to all such mares or geldings as have not been so valued as aforesaid, county to be valued by two skilful persons, to be named, with the l^offiall*approbation of such commanding officer, by the said lieutenant cause such to or deputy lieutenants of such county, riding, or place, according be valued as to the price at which the same might be sold, such price not in ^a^n(^n(j any case to exceed the sum of twenty-five pounds; thereupon, Upon'produc*-and upon production of the joint certificate of the commanding tion of the officer of such provisional cavalry, or of the officer appointed proper certi-by him to attend such valuation, and of the persons making heat.e> the such valuation, or upon the production of the certificate' of pay6"

valuation granted under the said act of the last session of parlia- the valued* ment, or such other acts as aforesaid, respectively indorsed by price, after she clerk.of the general meeting offteutenancy of the said deducting any county, riding, or place, which indorsement shall specify thaTmavlave whether any and what allowance shall have been made to the been made, to

person providing any such mare or gelding, for and towards the persons

providing the same, it shall be lawful for the receiver general to

of the same county, riding, or place, or his deputy, and he is porf ^al?

hereby required to pay or remit the valued price of such mare belong*

or gelding, after deducing the amount of the allowance that shall appear by such certificate to have been made for or towards providing the same, to the person or class to whom such mare

or gelding shall belong, within ten days after demand of such price as aforesaid, out of any publick monies in the hands of

iSS Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. a 23.

[179

such receiver or his deputy, arising out of any duties receivable by such receiver; which certificate, so indorsed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver general, and which sums shall be reimbursed to such receiver general, out of any monies which shall then have been or thereafter shall be voted by the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards defraying the extraordinaries of the army.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said commanding officer shall also cause an account to be taken, and transmitted to the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid of the county, riding, or place to which such provisional cavalry shall belong, of all the mares and geldings in such provisional cavalry that shall, on an examination by him to be had within the time

cvinty liettte- herein-before mentioned, be deemed unfit for military service, deemed unfit8 and shall also cause all such last mentioned mares and geldings to for military be returned, according to such orders as the lieutenant or deputy service, and to lieutenants as aforesaid shall give for that purpose, to the persons respectively providing the same: provided always, That in every case where any such last mentioned mare or gelding hath been provided at the publick expence, or any allowance of publick monies shall have been made to any such person for or towards providing any such mare or gelding, then and in such case the said mare or gelding shall not be returned, but on re*payment of the fpms so advanced, to the person appointed by such lieutenant or deputy lieutenants to receive the same, and in default of such re-payment, the said lieutenant or deputy lieutenants shall forth-a^paid, or the w'lt^ cause ft^h mare or gelding to be sold, in manner herein-; hbrfes shall be before directed as to the cases before mentioned; and after fold. payment of such sum or allowance as shall have been advanced

for or towards providing such mare or gelding, to the receiver general or his deputy, in the manner and for the purposes herein-before specified in other the like cases of re-payment, and after deducing the expences of such sale, the surplus arising therefrom shall be forthwith paid to the person or class who shall have provided such mare or gelding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That during the time any such provisional cavalry shall remain embodied, any vacancies therein may be filled up and recruited in such manner as any fsncible regiment of cavalry may be recruited, and for that purpose it shall be lawful for any officer, serjeant, or other person,

for the time being in such embodied provisional cavalry, being thereunto authorised by the commanding officer for the time being of such provisional cavalry, to beat up for and enlist^ volunteers in any city, town, parish, or place, within the county, riding, or place to which such provisional cavalry belongs, but not elsewhere, to serve in such provisional cavalry, during all such time as the said provisional qavalry npay be embodied to

Substitutes in {crve bY virtue t, le said a#s*

embodied

IX. And be it further enacted, That no person who shall have

provisional found or shall hereafter find any substitute in any provisional cavalry all cavalry, that shall remain embodied as aforesaid, shall fie permitted

to

Receiver general to be reimbursed out of the extraord diaries of the army.

The commanding officer to cause an account to be transmitted to the cause them to be returned as the lieutenant shall order to the persons providing the m: but if any publick expence has been incurred it shall be

Vacancies in embodied provisional cavalry may be recruited as sensible

cavalry, in the fervmcr place to which "

it belongs.

not be changed

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 23.

1S9

to change such substitute, and provide another person, to be without enrolled in lieu of such substitute in manner directed in the said ^"command last above recited act, unless with the consent of the commanding officer* officer of such provisional cavalry, or of such other officer of such provisional cavalry as may be authorised by such commanding officer to give such consent. So much of

X. And be it further enacted, That so much ofjhe said first first recited above recited act as prohibits the carrying out of Great Britain

the whole or any part of the provisional cavalry, shall, during the 0utofG^S

continuance of the present war, be suspended, so far as relates to Britain, pro-

any embodied provisional cavalry, or any part thereof, who visional ca-

his Majesty may think proper to permit to serve out of Great Britain, in consequence of any Voluntary offers that may be made Elates to any

by them to that effect, and duly certified to that effect by their who may-

commanding officer: provided always. That, previous to the voluntarily

certifying such offer, the commanding officer shall have explained,

to the persons making the same, that the same, if made, is purely tyth^com-

voluntary on their part, and that no person serving in such man ding

provisional cavalry can be compelled to make such offer, or to officer, after

engage to serve out of this kingdom, except by his own con- having r^b r J explained that

sent figmbed. _ they cannot

XI. And be it further enacted, That when any overseer or be compelled overseers of the poor of any parish, tything, or place, shall, after to serve out of the passing of this act, pay any Turn or sums of money, under and the kingdom* by virtue of the regulations of the said before recited act passed in When over-the last session of parliament, for or towards the relief of the

family of any person serving in the embodied provisional cavalry, passing this

that then and in every such case it shall be lawful for any two aft, shall

justices of the peace of the county, riding, or place, where such relieve the

payment shall have been made, and they are hereby required, r J.r'/.person serving

once m every quarter or a year, to enquire into and examine the in tjje ernbo.

account of monies so paid as aforesaid, at the request, and on died provi-

the oath or solemn affirmation of such overseer or overseers, fional cayalry*

and shall thereupon allow all such payments as shall appear to ^w jw^ces

r r j r r jq 6X11H111C

such justices to have actually been made after the passing of this qUHrter]y the ad, under and by virtue of the regulations of the said abovemen- account, and tioned ad; and shall also thereupon forthwith make an order o-der payment for the receiver general of such county, riding, or place, to pay aeneraTvvh^ the sum allowed by them in such account, out of any monies in ^all be*reirathe hands of such receiver general, arising from any duties receiv- burled out of able by him as such receiver general; and such receiver general the extractor his deputy shall, and they are hereby respectively required to pay the sum so allowed in such account as aforesaid, or to remit 1C aim^ the same, within ten days after the receipt of such order, to the overseers of the poor of the parish, tything, or place, from which such order shall have been transmitted to him, and such order, certifying the amount allowed in such account, shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver general for payment of such sum of money; and which sums shall be reimbursed to such receiver general, out of the sums voted for the extraordinaries of the army as before mentioned.

190

When his Maxell v shall think fit to disband any embodied provisional cavalry, the commanding officer shall, at such time

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c.

[1798.

XII. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall think it convenient to disband any regiment or corps of provisional cavalry now embodied, the officer having the command thereof shall, at such time as the general officer of the district shall, pursuant to his Majesty's direction to be signified in such order* fix, cause the provisional cavalry of such county or riding to be marched, under their respective officers, to any place or places appointed for that purpose, within the county, riding, or place to as the general which they respectively belong; and the lieutenant or deputy d^rSffiies6 ^eutenants of such county, riding, or place, shall oh some conve-cause\hem to n'ent day preceding the day fixed for disbanding such provisional march to the cavalry, cause the same to be muttered, and there to be disbanded. place appointed, previous to which they shall be miiftered.

Pay, allow-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all pay of the officers fTsfic* and Pvate men provisional cavalry now embodied, which

cease from the be disbanded as aforesaid, and all allowances for the keep days fixed for cf any such mares or geldings belonging to the provisional cavalry not now embodied, and all further Services under the Said acts, or any of them, shall wholly cease and determine from the respective days fixed, in manner herein-before* mentioned, for the disbanding the same,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the receiver general of up an account every county, riding* and place in England, shall, as soon after of monies ad* the passing of this act as the same can be done, make up an ac-vanced and count of all monies advanced by him under any of the said acts, apport'ffin the and a an account of ad monies which have been repaid to hirrf lumsdue from on account of the same, and shall compare the sums advanced each division; with the sums repaid, in eaich division of the county or riding and may re- for which there are^ separate sets of acting of of

land tax, and apportion the sums due from each division; and the Said receiver general may, and he is hereby authorised to require the several clerks to the lieutenants and deputy lieute-also the several clerks of the commissioners of land tax within his county, riding, or place, to make out and tr3nf-mit, with all dispatch, not to exceed, in any case, two months from the Said account being required by such receiver general, all such accounts as he may think necessary to enable him to make out such accounts, and to apportion such charges in manner Penalt y ofa ol herein-before required; and if any such clerk shall neglect or re-on clerk for fuse to make out luel^accounts within the time herein-before required, he shall forfeit, for every such offence, the Sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may by the said acts, or any of them, be recovered.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the receivers general of the several counties, ridings, and places in England, shall, as soon as they shall respectively have made up their accounts of the fe*

made up their veral sums due in the several divisions of their respective counties or ridi"gs> andn fveral places, cause the respective fiirns duetto sums so appearing due, to be certified under their respective hands, the clerks to or the hands of their respective deputies, to the several clerks the commis- to the commissioners for executing an act of the last session efi

difbandment.

Receiver general to make

quire the clerks to the lieutenancy, and to the

of na; it5> and of land tax, to transmit him such accounts as he may think fieceffiry for that purpose.

neglect.

The receivers general, as soon as they shall have

I^98.] Anlio fegni tricesimo n6no Georgii III. c. 23. 191

parliament, intituled An act for repealing the duties upon male sioners for ex-servants^ carriages, horses, mules, and dogs, and for granting to his egUQ^ Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and the respective clerks to such^w^o VII ali of shall immediately proceed, upon the receipt of such proportion certificate, to make out and proportion the respective sums to be the i'ura to be added to each person's last assessment of the said duties on horses in their respective divisions and places, and all such sums so cer- assessment of tified shall, by force and virtue of stich certificate, be assessed by the duties on the respective of, in their several and respective divi- horses. fions, upon all and every the persons liable to the duties upon horses, in like manner in every respect, and according to the same rules and directions, as are mentioned in the said act of the last session of parliament, for the regulation of the provisional force of cavalry; and every such clerk who shall not, within one month Penalty of 20l. after the receipt of such certificate, make out an account of the 011 for.due proportion of each person's assessments, in manner herein-nege before and in the said act directed, shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as any penalties may be recovered and applied under the said first recited acts.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in every case where the Where dedeputy lieutenants of any county or riding shall, at any general putylieute-meeting of lieutenancy, have made any order, or granted any cer- have tificate for the payment, by any receiver general, of any money derfox-pay-under any of the said acts, without distinguishing in such order ment ot moor certificate, the proportions of the sums to be assessed in each ney by any division of such county or riding for the repayment to the said re- receiver gene-ceiver general of the money to be aJvanced upon such order or distimmishing Certificate, and such receiver general shall thereupon have ad- the fifms to vanced such sum of money, that then, and in every such case, it be assessed in shall be lawful for such receiver general, and he is hereby required,

to apportion such sum of money among the several divisions of po, t?on the such county or riding, in proportion to the number of men raised Gme, in pro-for the provisional cavalry in each of such divisions, as near as portion to the the same can be done, and thereupon to cause the respective sums number of of money, that appear upon such apportionment to be the respect certify the tive proportions of each division as aforesaid, to be certified under f*me to the his hand, or the hand of his deputy, to the several clerks to the clerks to the Commissioners aforesaid, of the several divisions of such county Qhm, *-nerS or riding, in their respective divisions; and the said respective ^onsewhVo' sums of money so certified by such receiver general as aforesaid, shall appor-shall be thereupon immediately apportioned by such respective tion the same, clerks, and aiseised, raised, levied, and collected in the respective divisions, in like manner in every respect, and according to the same rules and regulations, and under the like penalties, as are herein-before directed in other cases of money certified by such receiver general for the purpose of being aifelfed as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Assessments. assessments made before the passing of this act upon the several

persons liable to the duties upon horses in their respective divi- the duties on jions, shall be, and are hereby declared to be respectively valid horses, to be

alfcif- valid though

igz

not added to the last assessment, and may be collected separately.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. a 23. [ij9S.

assessments, notwithstanding that any bf such assessments shall not have been added to each person's last assessment of the said duties on horses, in such respective division, in the manner directed by the said recited acts, but shall have been made separate and distinct therefrom; and it shall be lawful in every such case for the said respective of in every such division, to cause such assessment: to be collected and levied separate and distinct from the other assessment of the duties on horses or persons in such division, and they are hereby respectively authorised to cause such assessments to be levied by distress and Tale of the goods of the party aftested, and for that purpose to issue warrants for the levying thereof in such and the like manner, and to proceed therein by all such ways and means, and under such powers, as they may lawfully do in the levying any assessment of the duties upon horses under any act or acts relating to such last mentioned assessments.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the respective of of land tax and other the duties before-mentioned, shall neglect or refuse to perform the several duties required of them under this act, or any of them, or shall left to perform neglect or refuse to issue any warrant of distress for the levying of

If the of of land tax, and the other duties, neg-

their duty, two justices may perform it.

any sum of money contained in any such assessment as aforesaid, made upon any person within the division of such of respectively, To neglecting or refuling as aforesaid, that then, and in every such case, it shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace of the county or riding where such default shall be made, upon complaint being exhibited to them of such omission and rregledt by the receiver general of such county or riding, or his deputy, or by any inspector or surveyor of the said duties, or by the collector appointed to collect the same, and such justices are hereby required to execute the several duties, matters, and things, omitted or neglected to be done by such of, and on proof thereof, on the oath or affirmation of any credible witness or witnesses, to issue their warrant for the levying such assessment as aforesaid, by distress and sale of the goods of the party aftefted; and such justices are hereby authorised and required to act in all matters and things relating thereto, and carry this act into execution in all matters relating thereto, in as full and ample a manner, and with such and the like powers and authorities, as such of ought to and might have done.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all such sums of money as shall have been or shall be advanced by the respective re* ceivers general in pursuance of the said acts, and shall not have not be assessed been or shall not be, aftefted by any assessment within the year within the ending on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred, year ending afpefpe(j anc] raised, levied and paid, in the respective divi-

it ma/be 0> ^lons m or for which the same monies shall have been or shall be afteffied the advanced, upon the same persons, respectively, who by any assessment to be made of the duties upon horses for the year commencingafter the said fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred, shall be charged to the said duties, and in proportion to the number of horses so charged upon such persons respectively.

Jf money advanced by the receiver general shall

next year.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 24-  28. 193

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be this* HVade in this session of parliament. session*

CAP. XXIV.

An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of May next, an act made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter nine, videlicet, On the fourth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, for continuing several acts, made in the thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh, and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for suspending the operation of certain acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for retraining the negotiation of promissory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

[March 21, 1799.]

CAP. XXV.

An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of May next, an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter ten, videlicet, On the fourth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for continuing several acts for allowing the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount. 

[March 21, 1799.]

Provided nevertheless, That it shall not be lawful to issue any note, bill, or ticket-, under the authority of this act, for any sum under five ftiiliings fterKng.

CAP. XXVI.

An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy- fix, videlicet, On the sixth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for disallowing the bounty on the exportation to Ireland of sail cloth or canvas of the manufacture of Great Britain. 

[March 21, 1799.]

CAP. XXVII.

An act to revive and continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred, an act passed in the session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-two, videlicet, On the sixth of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for prohibiting the importation of cambricks and French lawns into this kingdom, not being of the manufacture of Ireland, except for the purpose of being warehoused for exportation.

[March 21, 1799.]

CAP. XXVIII.

An act to continue, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred, an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, chapter fifteen, videlicet. On the thirteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, for granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported; and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax.

[March 21, 1799.]

*94 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 29. [1798.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for enabling his Majesty to settle an annuity of twelve thousand pounds on his royal higkness prince Edward, and a like annuity of twelve thousand pounds on his royal highness prince Ernest Augustus, during his Majesty's pleasure.

[March 21, 1799.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, having taken into our consideration your Majesty's most gracious message, wherein your Majesty has been pleased to express your desire of making competent provision for the honourable support and maintenance of your dearly-beloved fons prince Edward and prince Ernest Augustus, which the monies applicable to the purposes of your Majesty's civil government would be inefficient to defray; do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-His Majest mns, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority may grant to fame> That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's

prince Ed- most excellent majesty, by any warrant or warrants under his royal ward and sign manual, to give and grant unto their royal highnesses prince Auaiftus1'^ Edward and prince Ernest Augustus respectively, his Majesty's annuities of fourth and fifth fons, for and during his Majesty's royal will and i2, ooool. each, pleasure, two several annuities, not exceeding to each of them from Jan. 5, twelve thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, which uarterl^mt ma)Tevera^y commence and takeefted! from the fifth day of January of the con- one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, and shall be respectfolidated tively paid quarterly, at the four usual days of payment in the

*und. year; that is to say, The fifth day of April, the fifth day of July,

the tenth day of October, and the fifth day of January, in every year; and that the said respective annuities mall and may, by such warrant or warrants, be directed to be issued and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the fund called The Consolidated Fund, (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sum and sums of money as hath or have been directed to be paid out of the same by any former atft or acts of parliament, but with preference to all other payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon and payable out of the said fund).

The annuities

II. And be it further enacted, That the said respective annuity be paid at tjes of twelve thousand pounds each shall, during his Majesty's without fees^ royal will and pleasure, be paid and payable at the receipt of his and to he free Majesty's exchequer, out of the said fund; and the auditor of from all taxes, the said receipt shall, and he is hereby required by virtue of such warrant or warrants, to make forth and pass debentures, from time to time, for paying the said respective annuities, as the same

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 30. 195

shall become due and payable, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any part thereof; and the respective acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of their said royal highnesses, or of such other person or persons as shall be by them respectively authorised and appointed to receive such respective annuities, or any part thereof, shall be a good, and sufficient discharge for the payment thereof; and the said debentures to be made forth and passed upon the said warrant or warrants shall be a sufficient authority to the several and respective officers of the receipt of the exchequer now and for the time being, for the payment of the said respective annuities to their said royal highnesses, during the continuance of the same, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf; and that the said respective annuities so to be given and granted shall be free and dear from all taxes, rates, and assessments, and all other charges whatsoever.

CAP. XXX.

An act to enable his Majesty to settle on her royal highness the princess Amelia, part of the annuity of thirty thousand pounds per annum, which his Majesty was enabled to settle on their royal highnesses his Majesty's other daughters, out of the hereditary revenues, by virtue of an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

[March 21, 1799.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS your Majesty has been graciously pleased to express your desire to your faithful commons, that your Majesty should he enabled to make the like provision for your Majesty's daughter, her royal highness the princess Amelia, as your Majesty has been enabled to make for the other branches of your royal family: and whereas by an act, passed in the eighteenth year of your Majesty's reign, intituled An act for enabling his Majesty to settle on their royal8 Geo. 3. highnesses the princes Frederick bishop of Osnaburgh, William0' 31* recit*d. Henry^ Edward^ Ernest AugustuS) Avgijlus Frederick) and Adolphus Frederick) an annuity of sixty thousand pounds per annum\ and also to settle on their royal highnesses the princesses Charlotte Augujla Matilda) Augusta Sophia, Elizabeth, Mary, and Sophia, one other annuity of thirty thousand pounds per annum; and also to settle on his highness prince William Frederick one other annuity of eight thousand pounds per annum) and on her highness the princess Sophia Matilda) one other annuity of four thousand pounds per annum) it is enacted, That it should be lawful for your Majesty, by any letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain, to give and grant to their royal highnesses princess Charlotte Augusta Matilda, princess Augusta Sophia, princess Elizabeth, princess Mary, and princess Sophia, and to the survivors or survivor of themy or to such other person or persons as your Majesty should think fit to be named in such letters paten t, and his or their heirs during the lives of

196 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 30. [1798.

their said royal highnesses, and the life of the survivor of them, an annuity or yearly sum of money not exceeding the sum of thirty thousand founds of lawful money of Great Britain, by the year, to commence and take effefi from the day of the demise of your Majesty, and to be charged and chargeable upon all or any part or parts of such of the hereditary duties, revenues, and branches, as were then carried to and made part of the fund called The General or Aggregate Fund, and Cut of such. part of the rates of post age, as should belong to and be part of the hereditary revenues of the crown, with a certain proviso, That upon the marriage of any of their said royal highne/fes, and the payment of a portion not less than forty thousand pounds sterling, the rights title, fare, and interest, of'fitch princess so being married, in and to the said yearly rent or annuity of thirty thousand pounds, or any part thereof, should Cease and determine, and the said whole annuity should from thenceforth accrue and remain to the other princesses: and whereas fmce the passing of the said act, her said royal highness princess Charlotte Augusta Matilda hath been married, and a portion not less than forty thousand pounds hath been paid in confederation of such marriage: and whereas the hereditary revenues of the crown have been fmce carried to and made part of the consolidated fund: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the eraS mvere/to aut^ority t^ie ^ame' That it shall be lawful to and for the settle on the King's mod: excellent majesty, instead of the said annuity in the five prin- said act mentioned, by any letters patent, or by several letters pace fies, instead tent, under the great seal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, memion"dUin^ to &lve anc* grant to their royal highnesses princess Augusta So-the recited phia, princess. Elizabeth, princess Mary, princess Sophia, and

act, an an- princess Amelia, and to the survivors and survivor of them, or

nuiry of to such other person or persons as his Majesty shall think fit to be named in such letters patent, and his or their heirs, during the lives of their said royal highnesses, and the life of the survivor of them, in the trust for their said royal highnesses, or the survivors or survivor of them, one annuity or yearly sum of money, not exceeding the sum of thirty thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, by the year, to commence and take effect from the day of the demise of his Majesty, (whom God long preserve), and to be paid and payacte, by even and equal portions, on the four most usual days of payment in the year; (that is to say). The fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October; the first payment thereof to be made on such of the said days which shall next happen after the demise of his said Majesty; and that such annuity, or yearly sum of money, shall or may, by such letters pa-nd to be a tent as given and granted to issue, and shall accord-

able out of the ingly iftiie and be payable out of, and be charged and chargeable hereditary re- upon, all or any part or parts of such of the hereditary duties, venues of the revenues, and branches, as were by an act passed in the twenty-crown. seventh

30,000l. to commence from the demise of his Majesty,

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 30. 197

seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the publick revenue \ for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of ^European dominions of the French King, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer, for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, carried to, and made part of, the consolidated fund, and shall be then -subsisting, and shall then belong to, and be part of, the hereditary revenues of the crown.

II. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That upon the Regulations death of any of their said royal highnesses the princesses, or upon the marriage of any one of them, and the payment of a portion, nuity upon" on or in consideration of such marriage, not less than forty thou- the marriage sand pounds sterling, the right, title, share, and interest, of such or death of princess so dying, or being married, in and to the said yearly rent an7 or annuity of thirty thousand pounds, or any part thereof, shall Prince eSa cease and determine, and the said whole annuity shall, from thenceforth, accrue and remain to the four other princesses; and upon the death or marriage of any other of the said princesses, and the payment of a portion, not less than forty thousand pounds sterling, on or in consideration of such marriage, the right, share, and interest, of such other princess so dying, or being married, in or to the said annuity of thirty thousand pounds shall cease and determine, and the said whole annuity shall from thenceforth accrue and remain to the three other princesses; and upon the death or marriage of any other of the said princestes, and the payment of a portion not less than forty thousand pounds sterling, on or in consideration of such marriage, the right, share, and interest, of such other princess so dying, or being married, in or to the said annuity of thirty thousand pounds shall cease and determine, and the two third parts of the said annuity of thirty thousand pounds, amounting to twenty thousand pounds, per annum, and no more, shall accrue and belong to the other two princeftes then unmarried; and upon the death or marriage of either of the said two last mentioned princestes, and payment of a portion, not less than forty thousand pounds sterling, on or in consideration of such marriage, the right, share, and interest, of such princess, of, in, and to the said annuity of twenty thousand pounds, shall cease and determine, and the other of the said princeftes then living shall be entitled to twelve thousand pounds per annum, part of the said rent or annuity of twenty thousand pounds, and no more, to cease and be determined on her death or marriage, and the payment of a portion, not less than forty thousand pounds sterling on or in consideration of such marriage.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this act: contained, or to This act not be contained in such letters patent as aforesaid, shall extend to hinder or obstruct the payments of any monies, by any former act or acts ^ny money of parliament now in force, charged upon the said rates, duties, and heretofore

03 w revenues, charged on

198

the hereditary revenues.

Annuities to be paid, with' out fee, at the exchequer, or by the of, &c. of the revenues on which they are charged, and the receipts of the prin cedes, &c. shall be sufficient discharges.

Annuities to be tax-free.

In case the officers of the receipt of the exchequer, Sec. shall neglect to pay the annuities on demand, they, or their securities, may be sued for the same.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 30, [1798.

revenues, or any of them, or the application thereof to the respective uses intended by any former acts concerning the same; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the said annuities or yearly sums shall be paid and payable either at the said receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, or by and from the immediate hands of all and every the of, farmers, treasurers, or receivers for the time being, of the said revenues respectively, upon which the said annuities or yearly sums, or any part or parts thereof, shall be charged by virtue of this act, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any part thereof; and the acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of their said royal highnesses princess Augusta Sophia, princess Elizabeth, princess Mary, princess Sophia, and princess Amelia, respectively, or the survivors or survivor of them, or of such of them as shall be entitled to receive any such annuity or yearly sum, or any part thereof, or of any person or persons authorised by-them, or any of them respectively, to receive the same, shall be a good and sufficient discharge for the payment thereof, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf; and that the said respective annuities or yearly sums, and every part thereof, shall be free and clear from all taxes, impositions, and other publick charges. whatsoever; and that if the officer of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, or the said of, farmers, treasurers, or receivers for the time being, of any of the said duties or revenues, upon which the said annuities or yearly sums, or any part or parts thereof, shall be charged as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, upon demand to be made for that purpose, or any part thereof, according to the true intent of this act, and of such letters patent or letters patents, to be granted by his Majesty as aforesaid, then their said royal highnesses princess Augustus Sophia, princess Elizabeth, princess Mary, princess Sophia, and princess Amelia, or the survivors or survivor of them, or such of them as shall be entitled to receive the said annuities, or any of them, or any part thereof, or such their trustees respectively, may, from time to time, sue, prosecute, and implead, such officers, of, farmers, treasurers, or receivers, or any of them, or all or any of their securities, their heirs, executors, and administrators, by bill, plaint, or action of debt, and shall and may recover judgements, and sue out executions thereupon, against such officers, of, farmers, treasurers, or receivers respectively, and their respective securities, their heirs, executors, or administrators, for so much of such sum or sums of money then due and owing upon the said several and respective annuities, or any part thereof, as shall have been in the hands of such officers, of, farmers, treasurers, or receivers respectively, at the time and times when such demand shall be made of the payment of the said several and respective annuities or yearly sums, or any part thereof, as aforesaid.

1799.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 31. 199

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the powers, All the pow-precepts, directions, and clauses, to be contained in his Majesty's ers to be letters patent hereafter to be made as aforesaid, for the better ^Majest's and more certain payment and assurance of the said several an- letters pa-nuities or yearly sums, and for making the said respective reve- tent securing nues, or any of them, or any part or parts thereof, liable there- paymentft.unto as aforesaid, shall be good and effectual in the law, according to the tenor and purport thereof, in the said letters patent or tual jaw# letters patents to be expressed, notwithstanding any restriction or other matter or thing contained in any act or acts of parliament, or any misrecital, nonrecital, omission, or other defest, in the said letters patent or letters patents hereafter to be made by virtue of this act.

VI. Saving to all and every person and persons, bodies politick General and corporate, their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, ^avmS*

(other than the King's majesty, his heirs and successors), all such right, title, interest, and demand whatsoever, which they, or any

of them, have or may have, of, in, to, or out of the revenues aforesaid, or any of them, or any part thereof, before the making of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An act to continue, until the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an act passed in the last session of parliament, chapter ninety-two, videlicet. On the twenty-ninth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty.for granting to his Majesty additional duties on disltileries in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland, for a limited time, and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland; and for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on spirits difilled for consumption, and a duty on unmalted grain used in distillation in Scotland.

[April 10, 1799.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the last session of parliament,

[38 Geo. 3.]

intituled An act to revive, continue until the tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend c. 9a, recited, an act passed in the Iaft felTion of parliament, intituled, cAn act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on distilleries in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited time, and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland and for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on spirits distilled for consumption, and a duty on unmalted grain used in distillation in Scotland; and for altering and amending certain other acts of parliament for the regulation of distilleries in Scotland; which was to continue in force until the tenth day of April one thousand

duty upon British lpivits in stock) further continued until July Jo, 1799-

200 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 31. [1798.

find seven hundred and ninety-nine: and whereas it. is proper and expedient that the staid aft should he further continued, and in part <?/.-tered: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem^ poral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by d the dutl s the authority of the same, That the said act, and all the duties thereby im-^'lereKv inaposed or continued, save and except the further duty posed, (except of excite of one fnilling for and upon every gallon of British the further spirits found, on the first actual furvev, by the proper officer, upon or after the thirteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in the stock, custody, or possession of any distiller, redfifier, or compounder, dealer in or retailer of spirits, in any part of Scotland), and all the powers, provisions, regulations, clauses, matters, and things therein contained (except as herein after excepted or altered), shall, from and after the said tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be further continued and in force, the same are hereby further continued in force, until the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

II. And be it further enacted, That every licence for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or spirits, in the lowlands of Scotland, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing, of any kind of spirits, in any part of Scotland, which shall have been granted or renewed upon or after the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and tinue in force which was to continue in force from the said tenth day of Octo-till April 10, her one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, to the to be further tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine Tu^Tq16? exc^uhve, shall be further continued and in force from the said subject to7the tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine same rate of inclusive, to the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred interest which and ninety-nine exclusive, and no longer, subject to the same rate

inldvnnP?b-of d

uty for or in respect thereof, and under the same terms, con-two instal-ditions, regulations, restrictions, provisions, penalties, and for-ments. feitures, as were contained in, or continued by the said recited

act of the last session of parliament; save and except, that every person to whom such licence shall have been granted, and which licence shall not h^ve been, or shall not be vacated upon the condition in the said add expressed, shall, and he or (lie is hereby required, on the said tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to pay down in advance, in ready money, to the proper officer appointed to receive the same, one moiety of the full (urn payable under such licence for the subsequent three months, from the said tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine \ and shall, on the twenty-fifth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, pay down in ready money in advance, the other moiety of the said full sum payable under such licence, for the period aforesaid.

Licences for distilling in the lowlands, and for rectifying in any part of Scotland, whLh were to eon-

III. And be it farther enacted, That every licence for erect- Licences for ing, keeping, and working stills in the highlands of Scotland, within Kills in the the respective counties, parts of counties, and limits, particularly ^hin^e jf. specified and described in two acts of the thirty-third and thirty- mits specified seventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, which shall in 33 Geo. 3. have been granted from the fifth day of July one thousand seven c. 6*-hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, and which was to continue^i0awhich in force from the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hun- w*ere to dred and ninety-eight inclusive, until the said tenth day of April continue in one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive, shall be force till April further continued and in force from the said tenth day of April the/continu" one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine inclusive, to the ed till July jo^ tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine 1799, upon exclusive, and no longer, upon payment of the same, <and no payment of higher rate of duty for or in respect of such licence to which dif- 1 CSthe*

tiliers, in the said respective districts, were subject and liable un- latter ad. C der the said act of the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the whole year, between the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and in the same. proportion according to the time or number of days for which the said licence shall be further continued and in force;

that is to say. For the time between the said tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive, and the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive; and subject to and under the same terms, conditions, regulations, restrictions, provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, as were contained in the said recited acts of the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, or either of them; save and except, that when the licence duty Such licence after the rate of nine pounds shall be paid for or upon each gallon of a still of forty gallons content, such duty shall be held to ties on certain be the licence duty on the spirits manufactured in such still, quantities of from and after the aforesaid tenth day of April one thousand spirits manu-seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the aforesaid tenth day of fa<ftured> and July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the extent of jfobe^aui for eight hundred and twenty-seven gallons English wine measure of the surplus* spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and no more; and when the licence duty, after the rate of six pounds and ten shillings shall be paid for or upon each gallon of a still of forty gallons content, such duty shall be held to be the licence duty on the spirits manufactured in such H ill, from and after the aforesaid tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the aforesaid tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the extent of seven hundred and forty-four gallons English wine measure of spirits, of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and no more; and when any such licence duties shall be respectively paid for any still of a lester size, the like proportion shall be observed respectively as to the quantity of spirits for which such licence shall be held to have been paid; and that for and upon all spirits which shall be manufactured

On giving previous notice, licences may be vacated.

Act may be altered or repealed this session.

[Preamble,

nufadured from such licensed stills between the days aforesaid, over and above the respective quantities' aforesaid, there shall be paid by every such distiller a duty at and after the rate of three shillings for each gallon of such surplus spirits of the strength aforesaid, over and above the said respective licence duties.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons licensed to ered, keep, and work, any still or Hills for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or spirits in the lowlands of Scotland, for consumption in Scotland, or for rectifying, compounding, or mixing any kind of spirits in any part of Scotland, to deliver up his, her, or their licence or licences to the said of, or to the proper supervisor of the district or officer of the division, to be vacated upon the condition herein after expressed, and at the time herein after particularly mentioned, that is to say. Every such person or persons intending to deliver up his, her, or their licence or licences, to be vacated, shall give to the said of, supervisor, or officer, fifteen days previous notice, in writing, signed by such person or persons, of such intention, before he, she, or they shall be entitled to discontinue the working of his, her, or their still or stills licensed as aforesaid; and thereupon the said of, supervisor, or officer, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised to vacate the said licence or licences, but not fopner than at and from the end of any one calendar month, for which time the licence duty has been actually paid in advance by such person or persons, and in that case the proportion of the licence duty payable for or in respect of such still or stills, for the unexpired term of his, her, or their licences, during which the working of the said still or stills shall be discontinued, shall net be charged or chargeable upon, or payable or paid by such person or persons who shall have given such notice as aforesaid, and ceased to work the said still or stills from and after the time specified in such notice.

V. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

CAP. XXXII.

An act to permit ships to fall from certain ports of the island of Newfoundland, and from the coast of Labrador, without convoy.

[April 10, 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the benefit of the trade of the island of Newfoundland and of the coast of Labrador, and the encouragement of the fisheries carried on from thence, that ships and vessels should, in some cases, be permitted to fail and depart from the said island of Newfoundland and coast of Labrador, without being under the protection of convoy; be it therefore enacted, by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 33. 203

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Vessels laden That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for any ship or vessel employed in the Newfoundland fishery, or articies of9 being wholly laden with fish or other produce of the said fishery, the growth or or with articles of the growth or produce of the said Aland of Prduce of Newfoundland or coast: of Labrador, to fail or depart from any j^d^or La-port or place within the said island, or on the said coast, (except brador, nny as herein after is provided), without being accompanied with or fail without being under the protection of convoy, or without a licence hav- convoy or ing been obtained, authorising such ship or vessel so to fail or de- licence* part; any thing in an act passed in the lad: session of parliament, for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom, and for other purposes, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to permit or

allow any ship of vessel to fail or depart from the port of Saint John's with-John's, in the said island of Newfoundland, without being under out convoy or the protection of convoy, or without licence being first obtained licence, while

Anv nprlnn

for that purpose, during the time any admiral, or other person authorised to duly authorised by the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or by grant licences the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral shall be reii-for the time being, to grant licences for permitting ships or vef- dent thereat, fels to fail or depart without being under the protection of convoy, shall be stationed or resident at the said port of Saint John's.

III. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the before Polices of recited act passed in the last session of parliament shall extend, to^b^void^ or to be construed to extend, to render null or void any policy vetfe]s, Sec. of insurance made or to be made on any ship or vessel, or on the failing from goods or merchandize laden therein, on account of such ship or Newfbund-vessel failing or departing from the island of Newfoundland or coad of Labrador, without being under the protection of convoy, out convoy/ under the authority of this act, nor shall any penalty be incurred nor any by any mader or commander of any ship or vessel or by any penalty to be other person whatever, on account of any ship or vessel failing or incurrpd. departing under the authority of this act, from the said island of Newfoundland or coad of Labrador, without being accompanied with and under the protection of convoy.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[April 19, 1799.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise y, 500, 0001. by loans and exchequer bills before June 1, 1799, iR h^e manner as is prescribed by the malt act of this session concerning loans. The clauses, &c. in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills foilfued not to be received again in payment of any taxes; nor exchanged before Nov. 20, 1799. Action not to he for refusal.

Principal and interest, with charges, to be repaid out of any money payable under 39 Geo. 3. c. 13. and if the money paid under that ad before Nov. 20, 1799, be insufficient, to be charged on the consolidated fund.

Exchequer bills may be paid in on instalments to be made under 39 Geo. 3.

c. 13.

c. 13, Monies issued out of the consolidated fund, to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sura on the credit of this act j notwithstanding the act j & 6 Gul. & Mariae, c. ao. or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for repealing two acts, passed in the thirty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, which limit the time for killing partridges in England and Scotland; and for amending so much of an asti passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to such limitation within that part of Great Britain called England, by making other provisons for that purpose.

[April 19, 1799.]

*6 Geo. a.

39

[Preamble.]

fry Qn passed in the second year of the reign

2 Geo. 3. W of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better pre-c, 19 servation of the game in that part of Great Britain called England;

it was, amongst other things, enacted, That no person or persons, after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-twO) should) upon any pretence whatsoever, take, kill) defroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his, her, or their possession or use, any partridge, between the twelfth day of February and the first day of September, in any year, under the penalty therein mentioned: and whereas by another act passed in the thirty-fexth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending the said last mentioned act) the said refriftion was repealed; and it was enabled) That, from and after the passing of the said act) no person or persons should, on any pretence whatsoever, take, kill, defroy, carry, fell) buy, /; /r, <?r their possession or

use) any partridge, between the twelfth day of February the fourteenth day of September, in any year, under the fatne penalty as by the said laf mentioned act is imposed: and whereas by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for repealing and amending several of the laws now in being, relative thereto; it was, amongf other things enacted, That every person who should wilfully take, kill9 defroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his or her possession or use, any partridge, between the firs day of February and the firs day of September, in any year, should be liable to the penalty therein mentioned: and whereas by another act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, Jor amending the said laf mentioned act, the and 36 Geo 3. said refriftion was repealed; and it was enacted That) from and recited. pafing of the said act) every person who should wilfully takey

kill, defroy, f^rry, fell, buy) or have in his or her possesson or use) within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, partridge,

firs day of February the fourteenth day of September* in any year, should be liable to the same penalties and forfeitures as by the said laf mentioned act are imposed: and whereas it is expedient that the said acts, passed in the thirty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, should be repealed, and that the said act of the second year of his present Majesty should be amended) so far as respects

13 Geo. 3. c. 54;

205

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 35.

the time so therein limited, within that part of Great Britain called England, by making other provisions for that purpose: may k therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty; by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That* from and after the passing of this act, the said ftecit^ recited acts, passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his repealed0* present Majesty, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be P repealed.

II. And be it further enacted That, from and after the parting Recited act of this act, so much of the said recited act passed in the second 2 Geo. 3. j a to rEr ss

year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the taicing, latestotaking,

killing, destroying, using, or having any partridge, between the See.partridges

twelfth day of February and the first day of September, in any between Feb.

year, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed l2> and ^ePt-

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pafT- rfej)ea c*ing of this act, no person or persons shall, on any pretence what- ^y^arf-soever, take, kill, destroy, carry, fell, buy, or have, in his, her, ridge between or their possession or use, any partridge within the kingdom of Feb. 1, and Great Britain, between the first day of February and the first day Sept- liable of September in any year; and if any person or persons shall ^ Geof 3?S transgress this act in the case aforesaid, every such person shall c.

be liable to the same penalty as, by the said act of the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, is laid and imposed on any person or persons transgressing the same; such penalty to be imposed, inflicted, recovered, applied, and disposed of, in such and the same manner, and under such and the same rules, regulations, and restrictions, as in and by the said act is provided and directed with respect to the penalty thereby imposed on persons transgressing the said act.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for exempting, during the present war, persons, serving in volunteer corps, and associations, from being ballotted for the militia, under certain conditions.

[May 10, 1799.]

WHEREAS it will tend to the further protections and to the Preamble* internal security of this kingdoms if every persons serving in volunteer corpSs or in associations for the defence of particular cities, townss or placeSs and for maintaining publick tranquillity and good order, within the fames was to be exempted from serving personallys or providing a substitutesin the militias to be raised by virtue of two acts, made in the twenty -sixth and thirty-seventh years of the reign of his present Majesty's be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every person Persons en-enrolled, or to be enrolled, and serving in any volunteer corps, ro]led in vo* or in any corps or body of men afibciated for the defence of any oraflbciadonV,

city* not liable*to

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 35. [1798.

city, town, or place, and for maintaining publick tranquillity and good order within the same, whether of infantry or cavalry, which new are or shall be raised in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament, shall be exempt from being liable to serve personally, or to provide a substitute, in the militia, authorised to be raised by the said acts, or either of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That the names of all persons now enrolled and serving in any such corps, or association, shall be entered on a muster roll, a copy of which shall be transmitted to the lieutenant of the county on or before the fifteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, signed by the commanding officer of the corps or company to which such persons shall belong; and that monthly returns, specifying. the enrolment of all such persons as may after the passing of this act be enrolled in any such corps or association, shall be, in like manner, transmitted by the commanding officer thereof to such lieutenant, or to some person appointed by him to receive the same; and that all such muster rolls and returns shall be fmg of this ad, certified by such lieutenant, or other person as aforesaid, to the rnitted^in^' c^er^ of general meetings of the lieutenancy, within ten like manner days a^er they shall have been so transmitted; and the said and certified clerk of the general meeting is hereby required forthwith to by the heute- transmit copies thereof to the several subdivision meetings holden cler^of the ^or PurP^e hearing appeals against the militia lift returned general from each parish.

206

to serve or provide a substitute in the militia.

The names of volunteers now enrolled to be entered on a muiter loll; and transmitted to the county lieutenant, by May 15, 1799; and monthly returns of persons enrolled after the paf-

Muster rolls to be transmitted yearly to the county lieutenants, and certified

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That fresh muster rolls shall, in the present and every future year, be transmitted in the like manner to the lieutenant of the county, or other person authorised as aforesaid to receive the same, on or before the twenty-fourth day of December, and shall be certified by

by them to the him to the clerk of the general meeting thereof by the fifth day C'eneralmeet January following, in the manner and for the purposes herein-fngTand the" before mentioned; and that the commanding officer so trans-commanding mitting the same, shall annex thereto a certificate signed by him-officer to self, certifying that he has not, to the best of his knowledge and annex a certi- belief, inserted in the said muster roll the name of any person persons in-^wh has n0N ^ince date t^e Pad"lr, g of this act> (or since

fcrtedinthe the date of his enrolment, if the same shall have been posterior roll have duly to the passing of this act), duly attended at the exercise of the a^nded ex- COTpSf> or association, unless prevented by sickness, or by such eiLUt* other sufficient reason as shall have been duly allowed by the

commanding officer; and no person shall at any time be entitled to claim such exemption as aforesaid, unless his name shall be found either on the last muster rolls which shall have been so transmitted and certified as aforesaid, or on some monthly return which shall be posterior thereto.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be entitled to claim such exemption as aforesaid by reason of his enrolment and service in any corps of volunteers, or in any association, unless

the commanding officer thereof shall, at the times oftransmitting that the corps 0

has been in- th-

No person to be entitled to exemption, unless the commanding

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 35. 207

the muster rolls of such corps or association in manner aforesaid, spedled within

certify at the foot thereof that such corps or association has been 3 months, by

inspebled at least once in the space of the three months imme- fiej^officer,

diately preceding the date thereof, by some general or field or that it is

officer of his Majesty's regular forces, or, if such inspection shall ready to be

not have taken place, that such corps or association is ready in*P^e<*

and willing to be so inspebled, at least twice in the six months cP, es ofcer- .^1'9 tine ites to

immediately following, at its usual place or places and times c^rtjfied. to

of meeting; copies of which certificates shall be certified by such the clerk of

lieutenant to the clerk of the general meeting, and by him to general

the subdivision meetings, together with the muster rolls. meetings.

V. And be it further enacted, That in the said muster rolls ^otis^in1*" and monthly returns, there shall be regularly inserted the names indention of^ of every such person as, having been enrolled in any such discontinuing volunteer corps or association as aforesaid, shall, since the their service, date of the last muster roll or monthly return, have notified to dischar-0 e^to the commanding officer thereof his intention of discontinuing belnfened*  his service therein, or have been discharged from such corps or in the muster association by the commanding officer thereof, on account of rolls and non-attendance or otherwise; and that if any such person, during s^ancf if the period of his having been enrolled in such corps or affocia- f^ch p'ersons tion, shall have been drawn for the militia, and have been shall have exempted from service therein on account of his enrolment and been previous-service in such volunteer corps or association, he shall on such resignation or discharge as aforesaid, be able to serve for the exempt_ district in which he was drawn in the same manner as if he had ed, they shall not been exempted; and if there shall beat that time no vacancy on such relig-for the district for which he was drawn, he or his substitute shall ^on or

be accounted as a lupernumerary for the same until a vacancy bebable^ shall arise. to serve.

VI. And with a view to the better execution of this be it County lieu-

further enabled, That his Majesty's lieutenants of the several tenants to counties and places in Great Britain, shall, once in every year, a

transmit to one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, j^rcUry of an abstract of the several muster rolls so transmitted to them date, anab-respectively within the year; which abstract shall express the stradl of the names of the several corps, or associations the number of persons mu^er roils" enrolled and serving therein respectively* their conditions of service, and whether the same have been inspebled, or are willing

to be inspebled, as aforesaid. vr *n '

VII. And be it further enacted, That muster rolls, returns, &CU i^the and certificates, respectively made up, returned, and certified, forms annex-according to the several forms thereof, A.B. C, and D, an-ed, or instru. nexed to this act, shall be deemed to be sufficient and valid for ?^a the purposes of the same; but that if, from any variation of cir- portj to^cumstances, or other reason, these forms should not be strictly deemed valid, adhered to, instruments of a similar import may nevertheless be

deemed sufficient for the purposes aforesaid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That this act shall have continuance J^0^nuance during the present war, and no longer.

FORMS

FORMS referred to in the above ACT.

A.

FORM of muster roll and certificates, to be transmitted by the commanding officers of volunteer corps or affiociations to the lieutenant of the county or place, on or before the fifteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and on or before the twenty-fourth day of December, in that and every succeeding year.

To A. li. his Majesty's lieutenant for the of

MUSTER ROLL of the persons enrolled and serving in the of volunteers, or

association, commanded by

\rO. Name. When enrolled. No. Name. When enrolled. No. Name. When enrolled. No. N arae. When enrolled. No. Name. When enrolled.

1 2 3 4- 5 6 7 8910 11 123 14 15 C.D. E. F. G. H. I May, 17 94*

N.B. Discharged or quitted since the date of the last muster-roll,

A.B.

C.D. &c.

Signed,

December 24, 17 K. L. Commanding officer.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 35.

CERTIFICATE.

I, K L. commanding officer of the do

hereby certify, in pursuance of an act of parliament* passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act, [here insert the title of the act], that the conditions of service agreed to by the said corps of or

associatiotij are as follows; videlicet, That the said corps or association has consented, [hereSpecify the conditions of service); and that all and every the persons named in the above muster roll have duly rtgnified to me, [or other commanding officer of the corps or association), their consent thereto.

[N.B. The following paragraph is to be omitted in the mttjler roll to be sent on or before the fifteenth of May o?ie thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; but is to be infer ted in all those to be transmined on or before the twenty-fourth of December in each year].

(And I do further certify, That I have not, to the best of my knowledge and belief, inserted, or caused to be inserted, in the above muster roll, containing (specify the number) names, the name of any person who has not, since the date of the parting the said act of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, [or since the date of his enrolment, if the same has been posterior to the parting the said act], duly attended at the ex- ercifeof the corps, or association, unless prevented by sickness, or by such other sufficient reason as hath been duly allowed by me* or by the commanding officer of the corps or association for the time being).

And I do further certify, That the said corps or association (hath, in the course of the three months immediately preceding the date hereof, been inspected by A.B. general [or field) officer in his Majesty's service), 0r, ^(hath not within the lart: three months been inspected in the manner required by the said act, but is ready and willing to be so inspected, as in the said act is provided.)

Signed*

K. L.

Commanding Officer*

Dated the

no

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 35. [1798.

FORM of consent of each person hereafter to be enrolled in any corps of volunteers or association, to the conditions of service thereof.

To it. L. commanding officer of the of volunteers

or association.

I, C.D. having enrolled myself in the said corps, or association, do hereby consent and engage myfelfto the conditions of service thereof, videlicet, [here specify the conditions of Jirvice, as the case may he].

Signed Q D.

Dated the

c.

FORM of monthly return and certificate of volunteer corpse or association, to be transmitted by the commanding officer thereof to the lieutenant of the county or place.

To A.B. his Majesty's lieutenant for the of

MONTHLY RETURN of the of commanded by

Colonel. j Lieut. Colonel. Major. j Captains. Captain Lieut. J Lieutenants. j Cornets. j Ensigns. j Quarter Masters j j Serjeants. Corporals. j <D <U c, E a S-c [ Drummers. j Filers. j Privates. j Enrolled since last return; Discharged, or quitted, or dead, since last return.

No. Names. No. Names*

Signed, K. L. Commanding Officer.

I, K. L. commanding officer of the do hereby

certify, that the several persons whose names are herein contained, as enrolled in the said corps or association since the last return thereof, have duly signified to me [or other commanding officer of the corps or association), under their hands, their consent to the conditions of service thereof.

lit

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 36, 37.

Di

ABSTRACT of muster rolls to be yearly transmitted by the lieutenants of counties, See. to one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state*

To M. N. one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state.

ABSTRACT of muster rolls of volunteer corps and affb-ciations within the of received by me O.P. his Majesty's lieutenant for the same, since the day of

in the year

No. Names and de- i'cription of corps and associations. Number of persons enrolled, and serving the rein. Conditions of service. When inspected, or if willing to be so, asrequiredby the act 39 Geo. III.

I Gentlemen & Yeomanry. 60. As required in the act 39 Geo. III. fnfpedled Oct. 25, 1799.

2 Infantry. IOO. Within the said town only. Not inspected, but willing to be so.

3 < Ditto.*7. In any part of Great Britain. Ditto.

& c. See. See. &c. See.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for increasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers.

[May 10, 1799.]

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for remedying certain defects in the law respecting offences committed upon the high seas.

[May 10, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

[28 Hen. c. 5.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of King the Eighth, it is enacted, That treasons, felonies, robberies, murthers, and confederacies, committed on the high seas, shall be enquired of tried, and determined, in such shires and places in the realm, as shall be limited by the King's contmiffon to be directed for the same, in like form and condition as if any such offence or offences had been committed or done in or upon the land: and whereas it is expedient to declare that other offences committed on the seas may be enquired of tried, and determined, in like manner; be it enacted and

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 38, 39. [1798.

declared by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority Offencescom- of the same. That all and every offence and offences which, after mitted on the the passing of this aF, shall be committed upon the high seas out be^lia^kto l^e any county this realm, shall be, and they are

the famet0 hereby declared to be offences of the same nature respectively,

punishments and to be liable to the same puniffmnents respectively, as if they as if commit- had been committed upon the (bore; and shall be enquired of, and to 0re> ^eard, trie<^> and determined and adjudged, in the same manner tried and ad- as deafens, felonies, murthers/and confederacies, are directed to judged in the be by the same ah

same manner as felonies, &c. are directed by the recited act.

Persons tried

II. And be it further enacted, That when any person or per-for murther fons trjecj for tpe crime of murther or manslaughter

ter^dfound committed upon the by virtae of any commilhon directed guilty of under the said act, and shall be found guilty of manslaughter man (laugh ter only, such persons or person shall be entitled to receive the bene-only, shall be fit Gf clergy in like manner, and shall be subject to the same benehTo\the Punishment> as if he or they had committed such'manslaughter clergy, and be in or upon the land, subject to the same punishment as if committed on land.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act to continue, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and four, and amend an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for allowing the importation of jape feed, and other feeds used for extracting oil, whenever the prices of middling British rape seed shall be above a certain limit j and to continue several laws relating to the allowing the importation of seal skins cured with foreign (alt, free of duty, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and four; to the more efredual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and three; and so much of an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better feeliring the duties on glass, as was to continue in force for a limited time, until the fifth day of June one thousand eight hundred.

[May 10, 1799.]

From the first of June, 17991 the average prices of middling British rape seed at the places of importation shall be ascertained in like manner as the the prices of corn under 31 Geo. 3. c. 30.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act to amend an act made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty. certain stamp duties on indentures of clerkships to solicitors and attornies, in any of the courts in England, therein mentioned. [May 10, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament? passed in the thirty fourth

34. Geo. 3. year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for c. 14. granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on indentures of

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 39. 2*13

clerkships to solicitors and attornies, in any of the courts in England, therein-mentioned, disenabled, That within the bills of mortality, from and after the fifth day of February one thousand fieven hundred and ninety four, and in every other part of England and Wales, from and after the tenth-day of February one thousand fieven hundred and ninety four, there shall be raisied, levied, collected, and paid unto, and for the ufie of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and in refipedt of every contract in writing made after the said fifth and tenth days of February one thousand fieven hundred and ninety-four refipediively, whereby any person fioall become bound to serve as a derk, in order to his admission as a fiolicitor or attorney in any of the courts of law or equity in the said ad mentioned, in pursuance of the laws then in force for the better regulation of solicitors and after-tiies, divers rates and duties in the said act mentioned, and the indentures or other zuritings, containing finch contract duly stamped according to the directions of the said ad, are required to be enrolled' or registered with the proper officer to be appointed for that purpose by she court wherein fiuch person shall propose to be afterwards admitted a fiolicitor or attorney by virtue of the service under fiuch contract, together with an affidavit of the time of the execution of fiuch contract by fiuch clerk; and in case fiuch indenture or other writing floall not be fio enrolled or registered within six months next after the execution thereof, together voith fiuch affidavit of the time of execution of fiuch contract, then and in fiuch case the service of fuel? clerk under such indenture or writing shall be deemed to commence from the time of such enrolment or regijlry only, and not from the execution of such indenture or writing: and whereas the said ad did not receive the royal aficent until the twenty-eighth day of March one thousand fieven hundred and ninety-four, and several persons were bound by indentures and writings made, after the said fifth and tenth days of February rfipedively, and before the said twenty-eighth day of March, and which indentures and zuritings are charged with and liable to the said duties imposed by the said act, and no provision is therein made for the payment of the same, or for the enrolment or regijlry of fiuch indentures and writings respectively: and whereas it is reosonable that fiome provision should be made for that purpose .* therefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in tin's present of parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That any and every such indenture and indentures of Writing, made after the said fifth and tenth days of February one derkships to thousand seven hundred and ninety-four respectively, and before solicitors or tile said twenty-eighth day of March in the same year, whereon Attornies any such duty is, by the said act required to be paid, shall and 'e/^r

/">i .,i 1 < reO. ^, \*j 949

may on payment or the duty thereby required, on or before the within the first day of one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, bills of ftior

be stamped with the proper stamp in that behalf; and the com- tahty, and missioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties on Mother parts stamped parchment, paper, and vellum, are hereby authorised of Englandand and required to cause the same to be stamped accordingly. Wales, and

before March 2S, 1794, may, on payment of duty required by the recited act, by June ?, 1799, be statnped;

and within three month9 thereafter may be enrolled, &c.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such indenture and writing shall and may, at any time within three calendar months next atter the same shall be so stamped by virtue of this act, be enrolled and registered by the proper officer of the court for that purpose, together with an affidavit of the time of the due execution of such contract, in manner directed by the said act; and such officer of the said courts is hereby required and authorised to enrol and register the same accordingly; and the service of every such clerk shall be deemed and taken to commence according to the due execution of such indenture and writing; the said act, or any thing herein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XL.

An act to amend so much of three acts, made in the last and present sessions of parliament, for making perpetual, subject to redemption and purchase, the several sums of money charged as a land tax, as relates to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[May 10, 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the time for carrying into, execution an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making perpetual, subject to redemption and purchase in the manner therein stated, the several sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; which add was explained and amended by two other acts passed in the present session of parliament; should, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, be fill further extended and enlarged; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Corporations assembled, and by the authority of the same, ThaG all bodies ^ffession^f^ an<l corporate, companies and persons in the said acts

land in Scot- mentioned, who by the said acts are empowered to contract for land entitled the redemption of the land tax, charged on any estates, lands, to redeem the tenements, and hereditaments, in that part of Great Britain called

tax m piefer- $c0flanc{ Of which they shall be in possession, or beneficially en-cncc to rever-

sioners till titled to the rents and profits in preference to any bodies, cor-

July ia, 1799. porations, or companies, having any interest in reversion or ex-

(instead of peftancy therein, or being substitute heirs of entail in the same

reversion ^an<^s5 tenements, or hereditaments, until the twenty-fifth day of

ers in prefer- March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and their

ence to all respective tutors, curators, guardians, or trustees, on their be-

others till half, shall have, and be entitled to the like benefit or preference

ftnstead of99>n anc* to^reckmption of such land tax, until the twelfth day

June z$) of Juty one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and in

+case no contract shall have been entered into by or on behalf of such bodies, corporations, or companies, or persons in possession, or entitled as last mentioned, on or before the said twelfth day

[Preamble.]

3B Geo. 3. c. 60. and

39 Geo. 3. c. 6. and ai* recited.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 40. 215

of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, then and in every such case the bodies, corporations, or companies, or other person or persons having such interests in reversion or expectancy, or being substitute heirs of entail, entitled in their order to succeed to the said estates, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and who, by the said acts, were empowered to contract for the redemption of the land tax charged thereon after the said twenty-fifth day of Match one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in preference to any other bodies, corporations, or companies, or other persons whatsoever not having an interest therein, and their respective tutors, curators, guardians, or trustees, on their behalf shall have and be entitled to such and the like benefit of preference in the redemption of such land tax, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, as is given to them respectively by the said a#s, until the said twenty-fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case Measures any bodies, corporations, or companies, or other person or per- Marcha^and Tons having interest in reversion or expectancy, or being substi- the patting of tute heirs of entail, entitled to succeed as above mentioned, and this act, by to a preference in terms of the above recited a# of this present reversioners, session of parliament, from and after the said twenty-fifth day ^aietheg March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the preference said twenty-fifth day of June next, shall have, between the said given them by twenty-fifth day of March and the date of the passing this a#, 39 Geo. 3. taken any measures for rendering such preference effectual, all g^uinfi^Tuf - such measures and proceedings shall be suspended by virtue of, 2.but the*this present a# until the twelfth day of July one thousand seven parties in pof-hundred and ninety-nine; and it shall be competent and lawful session to re-for all bodies, corporations, or companies, person or persons, of T 1 actually possessed of or beneficially entitled to the rents and pro- measures.*fits of such estates, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to render effectual the benefit of the preference granted them by this a# until the twelfth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, notwithstanding of such measures and proceedings held by substitute heirs of entail, or other persons interested in reversion or expectancy in the said estates as above mentioned, on condition however of their paving to such substitute heirs of entail, or persons interested in reversion or expectancy as aforesaid, the expence of such ineffectual measures or proceedings.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no land No land tax tax shall, before the said twenty-fifth day of December one thou- to be to land seven hundred and ninety-nine, be put up to sale by auction or otherwise, or sold to any person or persons, other than such Dec. 25, than person or persons as by this act are enabled to redeem the same those hereby prior to the said twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, except where notice shall be given that they^ive ao-

p 4 the nee not to

remains unfold.

No land ts& to be sold to any but persons interest-

216 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 40. [1798.

claim such the last mentioned person or persons are not to claim the benefit pre erence. Of preference given by this act.

persons6*

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the intevefted in twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and lands, may re- ninety-nine, any persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, hav-deem on the ing any interest in any estates, lands, tenements, or heredita-be^e6wlfi^S ments> rnay at any time thereafter contradf and agree for the the land tax redemption of their land tax charged thereon, in the same manner, and under the same terms and conditions, as such persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, may do prior to the said twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; provided that such land tax shall then remain unfold in pursuance of the provisions of the said acts: provided also, That no land tax shall be sold in pursuance of the said acts after the said twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in any case where the persons, bodies, ed, where they corporations, or companies, shall have given notice to the re-

have given no- spefcive of for the purposes of the said acts, of an in-

1, 106 or intcn* t*

tion to re-'Mention of redeeming the same in pursuance thereof, other than

deem; nor re- to stich persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, interested as,

deemed by re- aforesaid: provided also, That no such land tax shall be redeemed

verfioners lor by any bodies, corporations, or companies, having any interest

in reversion or expectancy, in the estates, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whereon such land tax shall be charged, for the space of three months after notice given to the respective commissioners by any persons, bodies, corporations, or companies considered by the said acts as being in the actual possession of the said estates, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of an intention sto redeem the same in pursuance of this act.

V. And be it further enacsea, That where any contr2cf shall Tul 12 trans entere^nt0 a^ter the twelfth day of July one thousand seven fers of stock hundred and ninety-nine, in pursuance of this act, the capital

stock to be transferred as the consideration thereof shall be made within the period of four years, from the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by the like number of instalments, and on the like days in each year, with the like power to transfer the same, by any less number of instalments, or in advance, as by the said recited act is allowed; and the first of the said instalments shall, in every such case, be made on before the first day of January one thousand eight hundred.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any farm, lands, or tenements, usually po fie fled together, shall be proposed to be sold under the provisions of the said aCi, in order to redeem the land tax charged thereon, and also on other estates, lands,

sold to redeem tenements, or hereditaments, which stanu settled and limited to

thereof ^nd^same uses, and in the same order and course, and under the

on other same restraints and conditions of succession, and which farm, lands,

estates limited or tenements, shall be more than sufficient for that purpose;

to the same and in case it shall appear to the court of session, either from the

uses; and the detached iituation of such farm, lands, or tenements, or from furphisdif- any

three months after such notice from persons in pof* session.

On contracts made after

to be made within four vears from t)ec. 25; and the first instalment on or before Jan. i, }8oo.

The whole of a farm, &c. which cannot be eligibly divided may be

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 40^ 217

any other circumstances, that such farm, lands, or tenements, posed of, un.

cannot be divided, in order that an adequate part thereof may be sold, without loss to the parties interested, or that the sale of the court of

whole of such farm, lands, or tenements, would be more eligible session.

and advantageous to the said entailed estate, and to the succesilve

substitute heirs of entail in their order, it shall be competent and

lawful for the said court of session, in like manner as it is authorised to proceed in other cases by the before recited act of the

thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty, (due notice having been given to the next substitute heir of entail, being of lawful age and resident within Great Britain, of such proposal to sell and

dispose of such farm, lands, or tenements), to direct and authorise the sale of the whole of such farm, lands, or tenements; and the surplus money, after purchasing stock sufficient to redeem such land tax, and paying and discharging the costs and expences attending the sale thereof, shall, with the interests and annual produce thereof, be applied and disposed of under the direction and with the approbation of the said court, in the same manner as in the said recited act is directed, with respect to the eventual surplus arising from sales, when no more has been exposed to sale than is judged adequate for the redemption of such land tax.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all expences incurred by Expences 111-

heirs of entail, or others, entitled as aforesaid to purchase the curred by

1 7 i heirs or

land tax affecting the entailed estate in Scotland, either in felling taq -m

part of the said estate, or borrowing money on heritable security, purchasing the

or purchasing out of their own proper means the land tax afred- land tax,

ing the entailed estate, shall be defrayed out of the price of the

lands so fold, or shall be included in the heritable or other proper the price of

security, and may be made part of the charge upon the entailed the lands

estate: provided always, That the amount of these expences fold, orcharg-

shall be previously ascertained by the court of session, by decree

to be obtained on a summary application to that purpose. previously

ascertained by the court of session

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all applications to Applications the court of lection in Scotland by 3ny heir of entail for obtaining

the authority of that court to the sale, mortgage, or grant of any e^taiTfcr

estates, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, authorisea to be sold sales of

or charged by the said acts passed in the thirty-eighth year of his estates, to be present Majesty, and in this present session of parliament, such acivertifed in r J n*. 1*-.1 5 .1 c u the Edinburgh

applications shall not only be intimated upon the wails or the gazette as

outer and inner house for ten sederunt days, in the manner there- well ashiti-

in directed, but also shall be advertised weekly for two weeks mated upon

successively in the Edinburgh gazette. walls of

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case such sale shall be tle court*

authorised by the court, such sale shall be carried on by publick by pubbck

auction, at such time and on such notices as the court of session auction, pre-shall from time to time direct; and further, that previous to any vious to which sale to be made in the terms and by virtue of the powers so re- court shall quired and given by the said acts, the court of session shall cause to^e drawiT articles of sale to be drawn up in the usual forms required by the upj binding

law the purchaser

2l8

to pay the price to a trustee, who shall pay the money into the bank of England, upon which the purchaser shall be entitled to a conveyance.

Any number of persons whose land tax shall noi; exceed 5l. each may join in appointing a trustee to redeem their respective land taxes in one contract.

Collectors of the land tax in a limited time to enter into such bonds as the barons of the exchequer shall require, with the commissioners for paying the

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 40. [1798.

law of Scotland for making such sale effectual, and whereby the purchaser shall be taken bound to pay the price to a trustee, to be named by the person or persons in whose name or for whose behoof the said sale or Tales is or are carried on, and which trustee shall be approved of by the said court, and shall find security to their satisfaction, that the sum or sums of money so to be paid to him by the said purchaser or purchasers, shall be duly and faithfully applied in the manner and for the purposes herein and by the said acts enjoined and directed; and further, that the said trustee, upon receipt of the said price or prices, shall be forthwith bound to pay the said sum of money into the bank of England, to be there placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, to be by them applied in the manner and for the purposes directed and specified by the said act of the thirty-eighth of his present Majesty, and the receipt of the cashier or cashiers of the bank shall be a full and sufficient discharge to the said trustee, and to the said purchaser or purchasers, of the sum or sums of money so agreed to be paid by him, her, or them, in manner aforesaid } and which purchaser or purchasers, upon payment of the sum or sums by the said trustee into the bank of England as aforesaid, shall be entitled to demand 2nd obtain from the said heir of entail, or other person or persons in whose name, or at whose instance, or for whose behoof the said sale or Tales is or are carried on, such disposition, conveyance, or other title to the subjects so fold, containing all usual and necessary clauses for rendering complete the right to the same in favour of the said purchaser or purchasers, under the direction of the said court.

X. And whereas by the said act of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty, any number of persons, whose laud tax shall not exceed twenty-five shillings for ling each, may join in appointing a trustee to redeem their respective land taxes, and purchase the whole in one contra ft, in manner therein particularly directed: and whereas it is expedient, and would tend greatly to facilitate the execution of the said act, if just: powers were further extended; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any number of persons, whose land tax respectively shall not exceed the annual sum of five pounds sterling, to join in appointing a trustee to redeem their respective land taxes, and for such trustee to purchase the whole of such respective land taxes in one contract, in like manner, and under all the provisoes and conditions as is directed by the aforesaid act in the case before-mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the respective collectors of eels or land tax, appointed or to be appointed in the several shires, stewartries, cities, burghs, and places, in Scotland, shall^ within forty days after the passing of this act, and before they, or any of them, shall receive any monies to be paid as the consideration for the redemption of any land tax in pursuance of the said recited acts, or either of them, enter into bonds to the said respective of for the purposes of the said acts, or any three or more of them, in such fibres, stewartries, cities, burghs,

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 40* 219

and places, with such good and sufficient caution, as the barons monies they of the exchequer in Scotland shall require, binding him or them, receive to and his or their sureties, conjundtly and severally, for his an^ nera7for Icqt-their duly paying to the receiver general for Scotland at Edin- iand. burgh, at such times after the receipt thereof as the said barons shall direct to be inserted in such bonds, all such sum and furns of money as shall be paid to them in pursuance of the said recited acts, or either of them, for the redemption of any land tax, under a penalty of two hundred pounds sterling, over and above performance; and which bonds the said of, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to take, and the said respective commissioners shall forthwith cause the said bonds to be delivered to the receiver general at Edinburgh, or not being delivered to such receiver general, shall cause the same to be registered in the books of council and session, and extracts thereof to be delivered to the said receiver general at Edinburgh.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in If collectors case the collector or collectors in any shire, stewartry, city, fail ei\ter burgh, or place, shall fail or neglect to enter into such bond as of aforesaid within the period herein-before mentioned, the said to certify the of shall immediately, after the expiration of the said hme to the forty days, certify such failure or neglect to^the said barons of the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland; and it shall thereupon be lawful for the said barons, and they are hereby required upon the re-order the con-ceipt of such certificate, to order and direct that the consideration sideration for for the redemption of any land tax in such shire, stewartry, city, redemption of burgh, or place, where the same shall be in money, shall be ^oney, paid to the receiver general, or his deputy or deputies at Edin- to be paid to burgh, or to such person or persons in such shire, stewartry, city, the receiver burgh, or place, as he shall appoint to receive the same; and general, which after such order or direction all and every persons and person, torg^aif ac"-bodies, corporations, and companies, who shall contract for the cordingly pay* redemption of any land tax, the consideration for the redemption whereof shall be in money, shall pay such consideration to such receiver general, or his deputy or deputies, or such person or persons as he shall appoint to receive the same as aforesaid; and the certificate or receipt of such receiver general, or his deputy or deputies, or such person or persons as aforesaid, (and which he and they are hereby empowered and directed to give), shall be as valid and effectual in all respects as the receipt of any collector is by the said act directed to be, in case such consideration was paid to a collector in pursuance of the said recited act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in every case where Where any any such collector or collectors shall fail or neglect to pay over collators shall to the said receiver general at Edinburgh, or his deputy or depu- over the mo-ties, any such sum or sums of money within such number of ney received, days after the same shall be received by him or them as afore- to the receiver said, as shall be specified in the bond entered into by such col- eneral> he ledtor or collectors as aforesaid, the said receiver general, or his the^bonVta deputy or deputies, may present the said bond, or an extract the barons of

220

the exchequer, praying for a legal process upon the bond; or may proceed to recover thereon, according to the course of the coart of exchequer.

The recited acts and this act to be construed together as one act

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 41. [1798.

thereof, to any one or more of the barons of the court of Exchequer in Scotland, with a petition stating the sum due and not accounted for by such collector or collectors, and praying for a horqing, or other competent and legal process of court, upon such bond or extract, making oath that the sum {rated in the petition is due and not accounted for, and the baron or barons to whom such petition shall be presented may thereupon order a horning, or other competent and legal process of court, to issue; and which process of court may be proceeded in by arrestment, poinding, denunciation, caption, imprisonment, and otherwise for recovering from such collector or collectors, and his, her, or their surety or sureties, the sums due from such collator or collectors, and for the penalty of two hundred pounds, in such bond, over and above the sums so due as aforesaid; or the receiver general, or his deputy or deputies, upon making oath to the sums due and unaccounted for, shall be at liberty to proceed to the recovering the payment thereof, and of the penalty in the bond, by any process for recovering payment of debts due to his Majesty, according to the course of the court of exchequer in Scotland.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the provisions of this act shall, in the execution of the said recited act of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty, and the aforesaid act of this session of parliament, be used and applied, and construed in like manner as if the same provisions were specially enabled in the said acts; and all and every the provisions of the said acts shall, in the execution of this except where the same are hereby expressly varied, be used and applied, extended and construed, in like manner as if the same provisions (except as aforesaid) were specially enacted in this act.

CAP. XLI.

An act for raising an additional sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[May ic, 1799.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 3, 000, 000!, by loans and exchequer bills, before July 1, 1799; in like manner as is prescribed by the malt net of this felfon concerning loans, See. Exchequer bills to be fgned by the auditor of the exchequer, or other person duly authorised. Exchequer bills to be charged on the second and on the fiftti and sixth instalments of any loan to be granted this session, to be made out in equal proportions of i, ooool. and 5col. See. The clauses, Sec. in the malt act relating to loans or exchequer hills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes; nor exchanged before December ao> 3799. Act on not to lie for refusal. Principal and interest, with charges, to be repaid in equal proportions out of the second, fifth and sixth inltalments, oq any loan of this session, and if the instalments paid before December io, 1799, be insufficient, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Monies so issued to be replaced out of the iirft {Applies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said Aim on the credit of this act, notwithstanding the ad 5 and 6 Gul. Sc Marias, c. 20. or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 42. 221

CAP. XLII.

An act to enable the commercial of appointed to carry into execution certain acts for granting duties upon income, to extend the time limited by the said acts for receiving returns of income; and for explaining and amending the said acts.

[May 10, 1799.]

[Preamble,

WHEREAS by an act passed in the present session of parliament,

[39 Geo. 3.

intituled An act for extending the time for returning statements under an act passed in the present section of par- c* anci 2iament, intituled, c An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income in lieu of the said duties, and to amend the said act, ? the time for making returns of income' to commercial of appointed under a prior act of the same fcjfon of parliament, is limited io the period of ten days after their appoiyiiment: and whereas it is expedient to empower such of to enlarge c. 13 > recited* th time for making returns to them, from time to time, as they shall judge necessary: and whereas it is expedient, that so much of an act passed in this session of parliament, for granting certain duties upon income, and of the said recited act, as relates to the collection and payment of the said duties, should be explained and amended, and that any omissions or mistakes which may have happened in the appointment af the commissioners for executing the said acts, should be fapplied or rectified: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the re- Commercial speblive commercial of appointed as aforesaid, from of time to time, to issue their orders for enlarging the time for de- the*time for livering to them statements, and making returns of income of delivering persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, liable to be charged statements, so to the duties in the said acts mentioned by such commercial commissioners, fa as that, after the lateffc period so to be fixed, there tjme for remain sufficient time for making the afleftmenrs upon such re- making the turns prior to the fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred assessments and ninety-nine, and to cause the periods fixed by them for such Prir to Jun(- delivery and returns, to be from time to time published in the^ocaufothe London Gazette, or some newspaper usually circulated in the periods they county, riding, or place where such of shall abl; fix for such which orders, under the names of three or more such commis- ^vertifecTin6 sioners, shall be as valid and effectual, to all intents and purposes, gazette, as if the periods fixed therein had been limited in and by this or some paper abl; and all persons who shall have omitted to make such returns circulated in within the period required-by the said recited acts, or either of them, who before or on the day or days fixed, or to be fixed, by y

such commercial of for that purpose, ilia 11 have made, or shall make, such return as by the said recited acts, or either

222 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 42. [1798.

of them, is authorised; and all futh commercial of who shall have received, or shall receive within such times as aforesaid, any such returns, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all actions, suits, penalties, and forfeitures, incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of such omission or acts; and every such return made, or to be made within the time limited, or to be limited, by the said commercial of as aforesaid, shall be of the like force and effect as if the same had been made within the time limited by the said recited acts, or either of them.

II. And whereas the inquests of several counties and places have emitted to name sufficient persons to act as of for the purposes of the said acts, and others named by the inquefs have declined lifting the rein, whereby the execution of the said acts may be retarded; be it further enacted, That for every division, city, borough, town, or place, for which the inquests aforesaid shall not have named any persons to aeft therein, or where the persons named or to be named by the said inquests have declined or may decline to act therein, or so many of them have declined or may decline to aci, as not to leave two persons at the least to atft for fuel) division, city, borough, town, or place, and where sufficient of shall not he appointed for every such division, city, borough, town, or place, on or before the expiration of ten days after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful for the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, or any three or more of them, from time to time, to appoint a sufficient number of persons, ten days after qualified as required by the said acts, out of the lifts delivered or passing this to be delivered to them from the respective of of land tax aHng in the said divisions, cities, boroughs, towns, and places respectively, in pursuance of the said ac1s, so that for each such division, city, borough, town, or place, there shall not be acting more than five nor less than two such persons under such nomination of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, or under any nomination of such inquests as aforesaid; and every such appointment by the said of for the affairs of taxes,

or any three or more of them, shall be as valid and effectual, during the period herein after mentioned, as if the same had been made by the inquest of the county, riding, or place, under Such appoint- the said acts: provided always, That every such appointment as 1t ca' last aforesaid, shall be revocable by the inquest of the county, inquest at the riding, or place, assembled at the next and subsequent assize and next assize, session of oyer and terminer and general gaol delivery for the on a sufficient county, riding, or place, after any such appointment, or by the nun?.^Td^ major part of the jurors there assembled, in case they shall judge Ifons being^ the ^ame necessary; and shall, at the same assize or session as nominated, aforesaid, nominate for each such division, city, borough, town, and accepting- or place as aforesaid, sufficient persons, qualified as aforesaid, to the office. a(q- as of for the purposes of the said acts, and who shall accept the said office for such division, city, borough, town, or place as aforesaid; but in default of such.revocation and nomination, the appointment of the said of for the

Where the

inquests have not named commission-evs, or where so many named have declined to act as not to leave two, and where sufficient of shall not be appointed by

act, the of ot taxes may appoint them out of the lifts from the of of land tax.

affairs of taxes shall stand good.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 42. 223

III. And be it further enacted, That where, in any list or Where mif-lifts, or entry or entries of names of any commissioner or com-^es^ave- missioners for the purposes of the said act, or for hearing and the names of determining appeals, mistakes have been made in the christian commission-or surnames of such person or persons, it shall be lawful for the ers, the com-commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and they are hereby au- [^s^onc^ thorised and required, upon a certificate, under the hands of any tificate, may two of the persons of the grand inquest by which such commis- rectify them-sioners shall have been elected, of such mistake, and of the proper name or names of such person or persons, to amend, or cause to be amended, such lift or entry, by inferring, or causing to be inserted, the proper name or names of the person or persons so elected as aforesaid, in the said lift or entry, and in the order in which such person was intended by the said jurors to be put down to serve therein.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any appointment of com* Appointment missioners for any of the purposes of the said acts, by the persons

present at the meeting summoned by the sheriff of any county, meet^ng

riding, or place, according to the return of jurors delivered by monedbythe

the cleric of assize to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, sheriff accord-

and by them transmitted to such sheriff, shall be valid and effec-

tual, notwithstanding such clerk of assize may have omitted to jurors deliver-

return the names of certain persons who had been summoned to ed by the clerk

serve upon the grand inquest of such county, riding, or place, of assize to the

within the time limited by the said acts, or either of them, and of i j* for taxes not-

notwithstanding any error or rnifnomer, or any variance in such wit hilar ding

return from the original pannel of jurors summoned to serve on the cmissions such inquest; and all persons acting under such appointment, of names m shall be, and are hereby indemnified, from all pains and penalties, and from all actions, suits, and informations, for or by*1

reason of their acting or having acted as such of, under such appointment.

V. And be it further enacted, That the powers and directions Directions contained in the said first-recited act, respecting the delivery of wllic1} ^ere the duplicates of assessments by the commercial of to fp^al^g t'he the receivers general, and the returns by the receivers general to delivery of the commercial of, of the defaulters on each instal- duplicates of ment of the rates and duties by the said act imposed, and which assessments by were repealed by the said last-recited act, shall be revived as to ail ^al comm* assessments made upon any person or persons who shall not have sioners to the given notice to such commercial of of their intention receivers ge-to pay the sums assessed on them at the bank of England, and shall neral and the be in force and duly carried into execution with respect to such persons, and all other persons who shall have given such notice, former of and shall have made default in payment at the said bank of defaulters on England; any thing in the said last recited act to the contrary instalments, notwithstanding.

have not given notice of intention to pay assessments at the bank, or who shall make default in payment.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any commissioner for A commis-she purposes of the said acts, for any county, riding, shire, stew- fionerr

the said acts in trade or manufacture maybe a lie fled before the commercial comitiiflion-eis; butwhere nqne shall be appointed, he may be a fit fled by the com* mifiioners of appeal in the same manner as by commercial of Vacancies in commercial commissioners to be filled up as original appointments.

Commercial commissioners, &c. to take an additional oath.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 42. [1798.

artry, or place where commercial of are appointed, shall be engaged in trade or manufacture, then such commissioner for the purposes of the said act, may be assessed before such commercial of, and not by the of of appeals; but if in such county, riding, shire, stewartry, or place, commercial of shall not have been appointed, then the of of appeal, before whom such commissioner for the purposes of the said acts shall be assessed, shall, at his request, in proceeding upon the statement to be delivered to them, and in ascertaining the charge to be made upon such person, and in levying and collecting the same, pursue all such rules, directions, and regulations, and shall have such powers as are in the said acts prescribed and given, for the conduct of commercial of specially appointed under the said acts.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any vacancy shall arise in the commercial of appointed under the said acts, such vacancy shall be (Applied in like manner as is directed for the appointment of the person who occasioned such vacancy.

VIII. And whereas doubts have arifin whether the oath of secrecy imposed upon the commercial of, their a ftjl ants and clerks, by the said act^ are Juffcient for the purposes intended thereby, be it therefore enacted, That every commercial commissioner as aforesaid, and every commissioner for the purposes of the said acts, who shall be required to act as a commercial commissioner in the execution of the said acts, and every afliflant and clerk to such respective of, or any of them, and every inspedof and surveyor empowered to ad in the execution of the said acts, shall, in addition to the oath required to be taken by the said act, take the following oath; that is to say,

Oath.

Two of of appeals may ad, but if they do not agree, an adjournment to take place until a third shall act.

I A.B. do swear. That I will not disclose any statement of X income, or the amount of any sum to be paid by any individual, as his or her contribution or payment under the said act, which has been or shall be shewn to me in the execution of the said act, except in such cases and to such persons only where it shall be necessary to disclose the same for the purposes of the said act, or in order to, or in the course of, a prosecution for perjury, committed in such examination or affidavit.

So help me GOD.

IX. And be it further enacted, That any two of appointed to hear and determine appeals under the said act for any county, riding, shire, stewartry, division, or place, are hereby declared competent to hear and determine appeals, and to do all other acts which of of appeals are required or authorised to do under the said recited acts, or either of them: provided always, That where two of of appeal only shall attend, and shall not agree in the judgement or determination to be given in any cause or matter before them, such cause or matter wherein they shall not so agree shall be adjourned for

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 42. 225

any space of time not exceeding fourteen days, to give opportunity for the attendance of the third commissioner of appeals, if a third shall have been appointed for the same county, riding, shire, stewartry, division, or place; and if no such third commissioner shall have been appointed, or shall not attend at the adjourned meeting,

then a like adjournment shall take place from time to time until a third commissioner shall be appointed, and shall act as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted and declared, That the power The appoint-of appointing of for the purposes of the said acts, and ^iffionerTfri" also of for hearing and determining appeals in Scot- Scotland to be land, is and shall be veiled wholly in the barons of the exche- wholly in the quer in Scotland, for the time being; and all acts and deeds, barons of the meetings, assessments, matters, and things, done by or with any there^arfdads other persons assuming to be of as aforesaid, but not done by other appointed to be such of by the said barons, shall be persons void, null and void, to all intents and purposes; and the persons appointed, or to be appointed, such of by the said

barons, shall have full power of carrying the said acts into execution, in all matters and things relating thereto in their respective shires, stewartries, and jurisdictions, in and to which they shall be so respectively appointed, as if no other persons had afTumed the office of of therein.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the respective collectors Collectors of of the several rates and duties under the management of the com- Scotl^nc?3 un missioners for the affairs of taxes, appointed or to be appointed der the main the several shires, stewartries, cities, burghs, and places, in nagement of Scotland, shall, within thirty days after the passing of this act, Jhe commis-

and before they act in execution of their duty as such collectors, lic*ners.

J, r - j r 1 J.taxes, in a

or receive any money on the said several rates and duties, or any limiter! time

of them, enter into bonds to the respective of ap- to enter into

pointed or to be appointed for putting in execution the several ^uch bonds as

acts relating to the said rates and duties, under the management exch^uer

of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, or any three or f]ian require,

more of them, in such shires, stewartries, cities, burghs, and for p iying the

places, with such good and sufficient caution as the barons of monies they

the exchequer in Scotland shall require, binding him or them, [hgreceWer to

and his or their sureties, conjundlly and severally for his and general for

their duly paying to the receiver general for Scotland, at Edin- Scotland, &c.

burgh., at such times after the receipt thereof, as the said barons

shall direct to be inserted in such bonds, all such sum and sums of money as shall, from time to time, be collected by, or be paid to them, for or on account of any of the said rates or duties, under a penalty of two hundred pounds sterling over and

above performance; and which bonds the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to take; and the said respective Commissioners shall forthwith cause the said bonds to be delivered to the receiver general at Edinburgh, or, not being delivered to such receiver general, shall cause the same to be registered in the books of council and session,

226 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 42. [1798.

and extracts thereof to be delivered to the said receiver general at Edinburgh.

And be further enacted, That in every case where any duiy pay over such collector or collectors shall fail or neglect to pay over to the the money said receiver general at Edinburgh, or his deputy or deputies, received 10 the any such sum or sums of money, within such number of days ra^h^nfr* a^er t^e ^ame shall be received by him or them as aforesaid, as preVentThJ (Viall be specified in the bond entered into by such collector or

bond to the collectors as aforesaid, the said receiver general, or his deputy or

barons of the deputies, may present the said bond, or an extract thereof, to any ra^fn UfoVa one or more -f the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland\ Te^a/pfoce^ With a petition, dating the sum due and not accounted for by upon the such collector or collectors, and praying for a horning or other bond, or may competent and legal process of court upon such bond or extract, recover there ma^'ng oath that the fhm hate(f in the petition is due and not on accordinp accounted for^ and the baron or barons to whom such petition to the course shall be presented, may thereupon order a horning or other com-of the court petent and legal process of court to issue; and which process of ol exchequer. court may be proceeded in by arrestment, poinding, denunciation, caption, imprisonment, and otherwise, for recovering from such collector or collectors, and his, her, or their surety or sureties, the sums due from such collector or collectors, and for the penalty of two hundred pounds in such bond, over and above the sums so due as aforesaid; or the receiver general, or his deputy or deputies, upon making oath to the sums due and unaccounted for, shall be at liberty to proceed to the recovering the payment thereof, and of the penalty in the bond, by any process for recovering payment of debts due to his Majesty, according to the course of the court of exchequer in Scotland.

XIII. And whereas by an act passed in the present session of parliament, for granting certain duties upon incovne, and other purposes, it was directed, that all the monies arising from the additional rates and assessments, or from payments at the bank, by an act of the last session of parliament for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war, together with the duties granted by an act of the same session for granting 7iew and additional duties on goods imported and exported, and for other purposes, not exceeding in the vjhole the sum of seven millions, which should be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, should be applied either to the services voted in the last session 7, 000, 000l. of parliament, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred

nJieVtothe an^ n'ineiy^e^U or to payment and dfcharge of all annuities % ft r vices of interest, and dividends, payable in consequence of the loan of eight

1798, overall millions, part of a loan of seventeen millions raised by virtue of an sums applied act of the last session of parliament; be it enacted, That any sum char^of" not exceeding seven millions shall be applicable and may be annuities, &c. applied to the services of the year one thousand seven, hundred payable in and ninety-eight, over and above all sums which have been that year in applied to the payment and discharge of all annuities, interests, of Uie^loa^of ar)^ dividends, which have become payable in that year in

coo, cool,

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 43. 227

consequence of the said loan of the said sum of eight millions; any thing in the said first recited act of the prefect fefTi of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for enlarging the time limited by certain acts passed for the redemption of the land tax, for receiving contrasts and making transfers of feck thereon, and for explaining and amending the said acts.

[May 10, 1799.]

[Preamble,

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend the time for transferring

in certain cases the consideration for the redemption of land tax contrastedfor under and by virtue of an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making perpetual, subject to redemption and purchase in the c* ' manner therein dated, the several sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and of two other acts, passed in the present session of parliament, for 39 Geo. 3.

explaining and amending, and rendering more effectual the same, or ofc' aI

either of them: be it therefore enacted by the King's most iv-1 excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That where any Where the contract for the redemption of any land tax shall have been

entered into before the first day of May one thousand seven tra^liall1 be hundred and ninety-nine, wherein the consideration shall be Itockto be in stock, to be transferred in the whole, or in the proportion transferred by allowed for one instalment, on or before the said first day of May, ^Ywhidi^ and the consideration, or the proportion, to be transferred as shall not have the first instalment thereof, shall not have been transferred on or been fotranf-before the said first day of May, it shall be lawful for the ferred, the governor and company of the bank of England, and they are ^ermi^such hereby authorised and required at anytime before or on the transfers in twenty-eighth day of May one thousand seven hundred and the'3 percent, ninety-nine, in respect of the consolidated three pounds per centum confols, till annuities, and on or before the twenty-fifth day of June one j^the^-er thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in respedr of the three centeretfiiced pounds per centum reduced annuities, to permit and suffer the till June 25, necessary transfers upon such contracts to be made, and all such indufive; other acts, matters, or things, relating thereto, or to the redemption of such land tax, to be done, as by the said recited acts, or any or either of them, are authorised and required to be done in cases'of transfers, on or before the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, upon such contrails; and every such transfer of stock made upon any such contracts as aforesaid before the twenty-eighth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the twenty-fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine respectively as aforesaid, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, for all purposes, and the respective persons, bodies, corporations, or companies,

2*8 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 43. [1798.

transferring such (lock, or causing the same to be transferred, shall have and be entitled to the same benefits and advantages as to the period of exonerating their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, from the land tax charged thereon, as if the consideration specified in such contract, or the first instalment thereof, had been transferred before the said first day of May, according to the terms and conditions of such contract; and all such persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, shall be, and they are hereby indemnified and saved harmless from all penalties, forfeitures, and payments whatsoever, which shall have been incurred under and by virtue of the said recited acts, or any or either of them, by reason of not transferring such (lock on or before the said first day of May; any thing in the said acts, or any or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

and where

II. And be it further enacted, That where any contract for such confide- the redemption or any land tax shall have been, or shall be ration is to entered into before said the first day of May one thousand seven oflands hundred an^ ninety-nine, wherein the consideration shall be in 8cc. the bank, stock to be transferred in the whole or in the proportion allowed upon certifi- for one instalment, on or before the said first day of May, if in cate of the such case the consideration to be paid upon such contract is to authoriT-dTo8)e ra^ec* by the sale, mortgage, or grant of any manors, mef-consent to fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under and by virtue such sale, may of the said acts, or any or either of them, then and in every receive the such case it shall be lawful for the governor and company of before Au^uft of England upon certificate under the hands of the

j 17Q0*of, having authority under the said acts, or any or either of them, 'to consent and approve of such sale, or any two or more of them, that such sale, mortgage, or grant, was not or could not be completed before the said first day of May: and and the said governor and company are hereby authorised and required to receive the money arising by such sale, mortgage, or grant, and place the same to the like account, and to permit and suffer the necessary transfers upon such contract to be made, and all such other acts* matters, or things relating thereto, or to the redemption of such land tax, to be done at any time before the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in like manner in every respect as by the said acts, or any or either of them, are authorised and required to be done in Cases of payments on transfers made on or before the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, upon such contracts; and every such payment and receipt of such purchase money made in pursuance of such sale, mortgage, or grant, and contract, for the redemption of such land tax, and of the certificate under the hands of such of as aforesaid; and every such transfer of (lock made in pursuance thereof shall be as good, valid, and effectual, for all purposes, and the respective persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, redeeming such land tax, shall have and be entitled to the same benefits and advantages as to the period of exonerating their manors, messuages,

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 43. 229

lands, tenements, and hereditaments, from the land tax charged thereon, as if the consideration specified in such contrail, or the first instalment thereof, had been paid, or the dock to be purchased therewith had been transferred, before the said first day of May, according to the tenor of such contract; and all persons, bodies, corporations, or companies, redeeming such land tax, and all purchasers, mortgagees, and grantees of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be, and they are hereby respectively indemnified and saved harmless from all penalties, forfeitures, and payments whatsoever, which shall have been incurred under and by virtue of the said recited iacts, or any or either of them, by reason of not paying such money, or such stock being transferred, on or before the said first: day of May\ any thing in the said acts, or any or either of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Second and

III. Provided always, That the second and every subsequent instalment to be transferred on any such contract, shall be made to

good on or before the respective times in the said recited acts he made by mentionened, in the same manner as if this act had not been passed, the times

or the first instalment had been transferred on or before the said mentioned in first: day of May: provided also. That nothing herein contained and contracts shall extend to the altering the time for the registry of any such to be register-contract; but that every such contract shall be registered in such ed as thereby and the like manner, and at such time as by the said act is required, required, as if the transfer of (lock made thereon had been made on or before the said first day of May, in the said acts mentioned.^ Last recited

IV. And be it further enacted, That nothing contained in the act not to

said last recited atft of the present session of parliament shall extend restrain the

to restrain the court of chancery in England, or the court 0^Chant0^in

session in Scotland, to make such order respecting the application England, or

of the income to be derived from the redemption of any land tax the court of

which shall be redeemed by or out of the monies to be produced session in

by the sale of any timber which shall be cut down by order of the Scstancb to r-j j r 1 1 j make order

laid courts, during lo Jong time as the manors, lands, tene- respecting

ments, or hereditaments, on which such timber shall be growing, the applica-

shall be in possession of any person or persons having a limited tion of income

interest or limited interests therein, having regard to the state ^jjV^x from and condition of such timber, and to the rights of all persons redeemed

interested therein.

from sales of timber cut down by order of those courts.

V. And be it further enacted, That where any lessee of any where lessees manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, demised linder bishops, by any bishop or other ecclesiastical corporation, and charged &c. shall be with land tax shall be liable by virtue of the said last: recited acct, liable to pay on occasion of the redemption of the land tax charged thereon, to ^ndHie^linds pay the amount of such land tax to such bishop or other ecclesiasti- f^all have

cal corporation, and such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or.been demised hereditaments, shall be demised to any under lessee, who shall be to under bound by covenant or agreement to pay such land tax, then and J^ax^shall in such case the amount of the land tax charged on such manors, Considered

messuages, as rent reserv-

230 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 43. [1798.

ed on such last messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and so redeemed demise. as aforesaid5 ("hall be considered as rent reserved or made^payable

on such last mentioned demise, and the same powers shall be had, used, or enjoyed, for the recovery thereof, as for the recovery of such rent when in arrear.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

nois of Queen governors of the bounty of Queen Anne, in the said first recited Anne s bounty &.7 1

mav execute mentioned, to execute the powers contained therein for the

+redemption of any land tax which shall have been or shall be contracted for by the incumbent or incumbents of livings at any time previous to the sale of such land tax under the said act, in like manner as they might have done within the period limited by the said act; and all acts and deeds of such governors, and also all contracts made before the passing of this act, shall be valid and effectual for the purposes in the said act mentioned, notwithstanding any limitation of time therein contained.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the trustees for the time being of any trust property heretofore given by any will for the purpose of being laid out in the puchase of lands or impropriate tythes, for the benefit of the poor clergy of England, and who were empowered by the said secondly

The gover-

the powers contained in the first recited act for redemption of land tax contracted for by incum-bentsprevious to the side thereof under the said act.

Trustees for the poor clergy under

execute the powers given by the secondly recited act for the redemption of land tax contracted for by incumbents before March 25, 1800.

execute the^ rec'tec^ to aPPty t^ie*ir funds therein mentioned for the redemption or purchase of land tax charged upon the lands, tythes, or other profits arising from any living or livings belonging to the church of England, which should have been contracted for on or before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to carry into execution all and every the said powers for the redemption or purchase of such land tax which shall have been or shall be contracted for by the incumbent or incumbents of any living or livings in the manner directed by the said act:, at any time before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred, and the transfers of stock to be made for such redemption shall have effect from the quarter day preceding the making thereof, and all other acts, matters, and things, which the said trustees might lawfully have done under and by virtue, of the said secondly recited act, shall be as valid and effectual to exonerate and discharge the lands, tythes, and other profits of such living or livings from the payment of the land tax redeemed, as if such land tax had been contracted for on or before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said last recited at of the present session of parliament contained shall beccnftrued to extend to any appeal again! any land tax or any assessment of land tax contracted for, or to any contract for the redemption of such land tax which shall have been reduced in its amount within three years preceding the time of completing such contract, unless such appeal shall be made against the party who shall have entered into such contract, his or her heirs or assigns, and unless it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the commissioners before whom such appeal shall

Last recited act not to extend to appeals against any land tax, or assessment contracted for, or to any contract for redemption of such land tax which shall

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 44. 231

be heard, and shall be adjudged by them, that the reduc1ion in have been^the amount of the assessment of land tax so redeemed was j^three ^ears fraudulently made, or was obtained by some undue practice or preceding, false representation of the value of the estate of such party, in the unless made parish or place where such assessment was made, or of the pro- the

portion of value which his or her estate bore to other estates or income liable to be assessed in the same parish or place, so as 1 0> to prove to the satisfaction of such of, that such redutftion was wrongfully made; any thing in the said act contained to, the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all ^Url^ans, guardians, tutors, and curators of infants, and for all trustees for ^nsteTstock: married women, who have contracted, or who shall contract for landing in the redemption of the land tax charged on any manors, meflu- the names of ages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, wherein such infants or infants, &c. married women shall be imerested, to transfer to the com- ^them-missioners for the reduction of the national debt so much of selyes, for three pounds per centum consolidated or three pounds per centum redemption of reduced annuities which shall be handing in the name or names tAX*

of such infants or married women, either solely, or jointly with such guardians, tutors, curators, or trustees, or any of them, as shall be sufficient for the redemption of the land tax contracted for, and the governor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorised and required to permit and suffer such transfers to be made; and the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England shall give a certificate or receipt for the stock to be so transferred, which shall be an acquittance and discharge to such guardians, tutors, curators, or trustees, transferring such stock as aforesaid; and the said governor and company, and their respective officers, are hereby indemnified against all persons whatever for any transfer made in pursuance of this act.

[Powers for

X. And be it further enacted, That any letter, or power of attorney, authorising any person or persons to accept any stock for

in the three pounds per centum bank annuities, and also to trans- transferring fer the same to the commissioners for the reduction of the it for redeem-fiaticnal debt on account of or for the purpose of redeeming

any land tax, shall be exempted from (lamp duty, and shall be stamp duty? valid and effectual in the law for the purpose of such acceptances and transfers.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for further continuing, until the first day of March one thousand eight hundred, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

[May 20, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the last session of parliament,

[38 Geo. 3.

intituled An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring ct recited.

232 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 44. [1798.

against his person and government, which act was to continue in force until the first day p/- February one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, and no longer; but the same, by an act passed in the present session of parliament, that is to say, On the ninth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, wflr continued until the twenty-first day of May thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

#>7^ longer: and whereas it is necessary for the publick safety that the provisions of the [said act passed in the last session of parliament should be further continued; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Persons parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That imprisoned for every person who shall be in prison within the kingdom of Great high treason, Britain at or upon the day on which this act shall receive his Majesty's royal alient, or at any time after that day, by warrant of his said Majesty's most honourable privy council, signed by fix of the said privy council, or by warrant signed by any of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, for high treason, suspicion of treason, or treasonable practices, may be detained in safe custody, without bail or main prize, until the first day of March one thousand eight hundred; and that on judge or justice of the peace shall bail or try any such person so committed, without order from his said Majesty's privy council, signed by fix of the said privy council, until the said first day of March one thousand eight hundred; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding. land*of^CoAnd ]t further enabled, That the act made in Scotland in for preventing the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and one, inti-wrongous tu\ed, An act for preventing wrongous imprisonment, and against undue imprisonment, delays in trials, in so far as the same may be construed to relate relate ^c>may to ca^es treafn an<^ suspicion of treason, be suspended until the treason, See. fa^ first of March one thousand eight hundred; and that suspended till until the said day no judge, justice of the peace, or other officer

See. may be detained till March i, j8oo> Scc.

March i, 1800, See.

of the law in Scotland, shall liberate, try, or admit to bail, any person or persons that is, are, or shall be, in prison within Scotland, for such causes as aforesaid, without order from his said Majesty's privy council, signed by fix of the said privy council.

From March

III. Provided always, That, from and after the said first da v

fons^mnmit" March one thousand eight hundred, the said person so coun-

ted to have mitted shall have the benefit and advantage ot all laws and the benefit of statutes any way relating to or providing for the liberty of the all laws pro- subjects of this realm, viding for the liberty of the subject, See.

arliamentnot Prov^efi always, and be it enacted, That nothing in

invalidated this shall be construed to extend to invalidate the ancient

by this act. rights and privileges in parliament, or to the imprisonment or detaining any member of either house of parliament, during the fitting of such parliament, until the matter of which he stands suspeefed be first communicated to the house of which he is h member, and the consent of the said house obtained for his commitment or detainer.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 44. [1233.

V. Provided nevertheless, That any person or persons in Persons against prison at the time of passing this act, against whom any bill or whomuidift-bills of indictment for high treason have been already found, eafonare^ shall and may be tried on such indictment, as if this act had alreadyfound, never passed. to be tried

VI. And whereas divers persons are now in custody on charges thereon. of high treason, suspicion of high treason, and treason able practices, under warrants from one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of fate, and who have been secured and detained in custody under the authority of the said recited aids; and it may be highly important that such persons as have been or shall be secured and detained on such charges under the authority of the said recited acts, or of this adiy should be kept wholly separate and apart from each other, so as to prevent all communication between them and with other persons, exce-pt such communication as his Majesty may think fit to permit, and under such ref visions as may be adviseable \ and it has been found by experience to be very difficult to keep such persons separate as afore-fdid\ and to preveiit such communication as aforesaid, without fending such persons to different places of confinement; and doubts may arise how far the powers of his Majesty's principal secretaries offate, to change the places of confinement of persons so committed extends; and it is expedient to provide that the same shall not be so exercised as to deprive the persons so committed of any right to be tried or discharged, which they might respectively have had, if their respective places of confinement had not been changed: now, to obviate all doubts and difficulty in respeSl thereof be it further enacted and declared, That Any of his it shall be lawful for one of his Majesty's principal secretaries Majesty's of (late, as he shall see occasion, to order any person committed secretaries of to any gaol or other prison on any charge of high treason, o^rany suspicion of high treason, or treasonable practices, either before person com-or after indictment found, to be conveyed to and detained in any mitted on any other goal or other prison, until discharged by due course of charge of law, and to issue all warrants necessary for such purposes: ^to be con provided always nevertheless, That no person who shall be Vcyed from removed by any such warrant as aforesaid, shall be by means of one prison to such removal deprived of such right to be tried or discharged, as another, such person would by law have been entitled to if not so removed; Sllch removal and in every case in which any such person would have been enti- any^edb^of^ tied to have been tried or discharged, if such person had continued any rightto in the gaol or prison to which such person was before committed, be tried or it shall be lawful for such person to apply to be bailed or dif- discharged, charged in the same manner as such person might have done if such person had remained in the gaol or prison to which such person was before committed as aforesaid. Persons charg-

VII. And whereas in the present difurbedfate of the kingdom of ed-with high Ireland, it has been found necessary to fend divers persons wfyo had treason, &c. been committed to prison in Ireland on charges of high treason, suspicion ^7 warrant of high treason, or treasonable practices, to Great Britain, for safe fcc^tary custody, and for the pur pdfe of preventing improper inter course between state, and such persons and other persons engaged or fApefted of being engaged in sent from the Ireland to,

234 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 44. [1798.

Great Britain, the like treasons or treasonable practices; and it may he found expedient to fend other persons to Great Britain under like circumstances; be it enacted, That every person who hath been sent to Great Britain as aforesaid, before the passing of this act, and every person who, after the passing of this act, shall be lent to Great Britain for safe custody, by order of the lord lieutenant, or governor general, or other chief governor or chief governors of Ireland, and of fix or more of his Majesty's privy council of the said kingdom, shall and may be detained in custody in this kingdom, in such place of fafc custody as to his Majesty final seem fit, iititledb1 the Prov^e^ f*uch person shall be charged with high treason, fufpi-aw of Ireland c, on of high treason, or treasonable practices, by warrant under the hand and seal of one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state: provided always nevertheless. That no person shall be detained as aforesaid, so as to prevent the trial or discharge of such person in due course of law, whenever such person shall King's bench by the law of Ireland be entitled to such trial or discharge; but in England, in all cases in which any person so detained would by the law of Ireland, if in custody in that kingdom, be entitled to be tried or discharged, it shall be lawful for such person to apply to the court of king's bench in England, or to any judge of that court, or to the court of judiciary in Scotland, or to any judge of t hat court, to be discharged; and if it shall appear to such court or to such judge that such person, if in custody in Ireland, would tobedischarg- be entitled to be tried or discharged, it shall be lawful for such ed, or lent to court or such judge to order such person to be discharged, or to be sent to Ireland, to be dealt with according to law.

VIII. And whereas many persons engaged in the late rebellion in Ireland, and in other treasonable pro Alices there, have fled from Ireland, and are now in Great Britain; and other persons may come from Ireland to Great Britain under the like cir cum fiances \ and it may be it expedient, not only to arrest such persons, for the purpose of fending them to Ireland to be tried for such offences, but also to secure and detain such persons in Great Britain, until they can be properly See. commit- sent to Ireland to be tried or discharged in due course of law\ be it t^b^d Tabled ^urt^er enacted, That it shall be lawful for one of his Majesty's in GreatalnC Principal secretaries of state, by warrant under his hand and leal, Britain until to order any person who shall be in custody upon any charge of he can be high treason, suspicion of high treason, or treasonable practices,

toTrehndCto dnC

or committed in Ireland, to be secured and detained in be tried or Great Britain, until such person can be properly sent to Ireland,

discharged: to be tried or discharged in due course of law: provided always

and when nevertheless, That no person shall be detained as aforesaid, so as t^efor to Preven* tle tr, a^ or discharge of such person in due course of charged such ^aw' whenever such person shall by the law of Ireland be person may entitled to such trial, or discharged; but in all cases in which apply to the any person so detained would by the law of Ireland, if in custody court of king's in that kingdom, be entitled to be tried or discharged, it shall be

tn< Mn lawful for such person to apply to the court of king's bench in

England, or to any judge of that court, or to the court of judiciary

in

by order of the lord lieutenant and of six privy councillors, to be detained in custody in such place as his Majesty shall think fit But when e

law to be tried or discharged, such persons may apply to the court of

or court of justiciary in Scotland, or one of the judges of thele courts, who shall order them

Ireland.

One of his Majesty's secretaries of state may Order any person in custody on a charge of 1 high treason,

England, or court of judiciary in

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 45, 46- 235

in Scotland, or to any judge of that court, to be discharged; and if Scotland, or it shall appear to such court or to such judge that such person, if in custody in Ireland, would be entitled to be tried or discharged, shall order it shall be lawful for such court or such judge to order such him to be person to be discharged or to be sent to Ireland, to be dealt with discharged, according to law.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in Continuance force until the said first day of March one thousand eight hundred, of this act. and no longer.

repealed this session.

X. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

CAP. XLV.

An act for making perpetual so much of an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-four, videlicet, 0^ the twenty-sixth clay ^November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, intituled An act to explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other punishment of certain offenders, as relates to the punishment of burning in the hand of certain persons convicted of felony within the benefit of clergy.

[May 20, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

[19 Geo. 3.

intituled An act to explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other c. 74> recited, punishment of certain offenders: and whereas so much of the said act as relates to the p uni foment of burning in the hand when any person is convicted for felony within the benefit of clergy, which ivas to continue in force until the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which was, by three acts made in the -twenty fourth, twenty-eighth, and thirty fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, has been found useful and.beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be made perpetual; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, muc^ Of and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the recited act as authority of the same, That so much of the said act as relates to relates to the the punishment of burning in the hand, when any person is con- punishment of vided of felony within the benefit of clergy, shall be, and the tile hand same is hereby made perpetual. be perpetual.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for making perpetual so much of an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-four, videlicet, On the twenty-sixth day of November one thousand seven

2^6 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 47  49. [1798.

hundred and seventy-eighty intituled An act to explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other punishment of certain offenders, as relates to the lodgings of judges at county assizes.

[May 20, 1799.]

Preamble

WHEREAS an act was made in the nineteenth year of the reign

1 Geo I of his present Majesty^ intituled An act to explain and amend c?74Vrecited, the laws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other punishment of certain offenders: and whereasfo much of the said act as relates to the lodgings of judges at county afiizesy which was to continue in force until the first day of J une one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament \ and which was, by three aSts, made in the twenty-four thy twenty-eighth, and thirty fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and mnety-niney and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, has been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be made perpetual: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said act, as relates to the lodgings of judges at county assizes, shall be, and the same county assizes, is hereby made perpetual, to be perpe-

So much of recited act as relates to the lodgings of

judges at

tual.

CAP. XLVII.

An act to continue, until the fifth day of July next, an act, made in the present session of parliament, chapter twenty-four, videlicet, On the twenty-first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for continuing several acts, made in the thirty-sixth, and thirty-seventh, and in the thirty-eighth, years of the reign of his present Majesty, for suspending the operation of certain acts, made in the fifteenth, and seventeenth, years of the reign of his present Majesty, for retraining the negociation of promissory notes, and bills of exchange, under a limited Aim, within that part of Great Britain, called called England.

[June 13, 1799.]

CAP. XLVIII.

An act to continue, until the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, an act passed in the present session of parliament, for continuing several acts for allowing the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to iflfue note^ for sums under a certain amount  [June 13, 1799.]

CAP. XLIX.

An act to extend the bail to be given in cases of criminal information, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[June 13, 1799.]

[Preamble,

Act of the parliament of Scotland 1701.

WHEREAS by an act of the parliament of Scotland, made in the year one thousand seven hundred and one, intituled An act for preventing wrongous imprisonment, and against undue delays in trials, the sums for which bail was ordered to be taken in

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 49. 237

criminal informations were not to exceed six thousand merks for a noble-man, three thousand merks for a landed gentleman^ one thousand merksfor any other gentleman, and burgess, and three hundred merks for any other inferior person^ all money of Scotland: and whereas by an act* made in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, ^ee*cjTt^j

intituled An act for more-'effectual disarming the highlands in that c*1rea part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for the better securing the peace and quiet of that part of the kingdom; reciting, That it was found, by experience, that the sums for which bail is to be taken on any criminal information, in pursuance of the said act of the parliament of Scotland, were too ftnall and disproportioned to the danger of the criminals escaping from the punishment appointed bylaw, it was enactedjThatfrom and after the first day of] une one thousand seven hundred and twenty-fivey it might and should be lawful to and for all and every fnagijlrate^judgey and court of judicature within Scotland, who by the said act above recited were, in case of criminal informations and accusations, directed to limit the bail by them to be taken to the several and respective sums above^ mentioned^ to extend the bail to be given in the said several and respective cases to double the sums provided by the aforesaid act, if he or they^ upon the circumstances of the case, should think fit: and whereas it is again found by experience, that the sums to which bail was extended by the said last recited act in criminal informations and accusations, however adequate they may have been at this last period to the genei'al fate of the country, and to the circumstances of individuals, do no longer bear any suitable relation theretOy and have become insufficient for com-felling persons accused of crimes to ft and their trials, and tend to render ineffectual and nugatory the most salutary laws, to bri?ig into contempt the authority of the raagijlratey and to afford a temptation and facility to the commission of crimes: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Magjftrato spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Scotland may assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after extend the the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and bail to be every magistrate, judge, and court of judicature, within that part gj.veI?in ca % s of Great Britain called Scotland, who by the said last recited act to-

were, in cases of criminal informations and accusations, directed I?aool. fora to limit the bail by them to be taken to double the sums pro- nobleman, vided by the aforesaid act of the parliament of Scotland> to ex- a

tend the bail to be given in the said several and respective cases) man odfS if he or they upon the circumstances of the case shall think fit, any other* to the several and respective sums following; videlicet, To one gentleman, thousand two hundred pounds sterling for a nobleman, fix burgess, or hundred pounds sterling for a landed gentleman, three hundred and olfor's pounds sterling for any other gentleman, burgess, or householder, inferior per-and to sixty pounds sterling for any inferior person. son.

II. And whereas several infiances have lately occurred of disaffected In cases where persons concerned in societies of a criminal nature, when any of their persons, are associates have been committed to prisonysubscribing the sums necessary for bailing such persons, in order that, by forfeiture of the bail bonds, fe(^tion, any they may evade a trial and escapefroin justice; fye it therefore enact- judge of the 4*ed, court of juffiU

238 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 50, 51. [1798.

chry, on ap- ed, That in all cases where any person shall in future be im-the name^of Prisonec^ n a charge of being guilty of the crime of sedition, it. his Majesty's Qiall and naay lawful for the judges of the court of justiciary, advocate, may or any one of them, on an application for that purpose in the extend the name of his Majesty's advocate, to extend the bail respectively the^uTs0^ herein directed to be taken, beyond the sums above specified, to above speci* such amount as, under all the circumstances of the case, the fied. court, or any judge thereof, shall consider sufficient for ensuring

the attendance or the appearance of the person accused on the We YY>ns" tna^: Provlcled always, That nothing herein contained,

o^the^enefits extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive such person

of the recited of the other benefits of the acts above-mentioned, and particu-acts. larly of his forcing on the day of trial, as specially directed by the

act of the parliament of Scotland first above recited.

CAP. L.

An act for making perpetual an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the further relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery, and deliver, upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit.

[June 13, 1799.]

CAP. LI.

An act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, several laws relating to the transportation cf felons and other offenders, and to the authorising the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement in England and Scotland respectively.

[June 13, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the several laws herein after mentioned have been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be further continued; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of ^ortation be-- Pre^ent Majesty, intituled An act to explain and amend the laws yond Teas; relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other punishment of and so much certain offenders, as relates to transporration beyond the seas; and of 24. Geo. 3. alf0 so much of an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the tends to au-T re*n ^1S Pre*'ent Majesty, intituled An act for the effectual thorise the transportation of felons and other offenders; and to author ife the re-removal of moval of prisoners, in certain cases; and for other purposes therein offenders to mentioned; as extends to authorise the removal of offenders to ^ace^oYcon temporary places of confinement; which acts were amended finement* to and continued by two other acts of the twenty-eighth and be continued thirty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, until the till March5, fftft day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

So much of 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. as re-

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 52

and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same are hereby further continued until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and two.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual transportation of felons and other offenders in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorise the removal of prisoners, in certain cases, as authorises the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement, which was to continue in force until the first: day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and which was revived and continued by an act of the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty, until the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and two.

- 54* 239

So much of 25 Geo. 3. c. 46. as authorises the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement, to be continued till March 25, 1802,

CAP. LII

An act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an act, made in the ninteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter seventy four, videlicet, On the twenty-sixth day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, intituled An act to explain and amend the law's relating to the transportation, imprisonment and other punishment, of certain of- fenders, as relates to penitentiary houses.

[June 13, 1799.]

CAP. LIII.

An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[June 13, 1799.]

CAP. LIV.

An act to indemnify all persons who may have incurred penalties or, forfeitures under an passed in the second year of the reign of King James the First, intituled An act concerning tanners, curriers, shoemakers, and other artificers occupying the cutting of leather; and to repeal parts of the said act, relating to the buying of hides.

[June 13, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the second year of the reign of his Majesty King James the First intituled An act concerning % jac. i. c. 2?., tanners, curriers, shoemakers, and other artificers occupying the recited, cutting of leather, it is amongst other things enabled, Float no person or persons shall bargain, buy^ make any contract for, or bespeak, any rough bidey or calve Jkin in \he hairy but only such person or persons as by

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 54. [1798.

virtue of the said act may lawfully use the craft or mystery of tanning of leather, and fall tan the same, or such- person or persons fall taw the same; and that no tanner or other person or persons fall forestall any hides coming to any fair or market, nor fall buy any hide any other where than in open fair or market, unless it be of such person or persons as fall kill the said be of, whereof the said hide fall be for the provision of his or their own house or houses, upon pain of the forfeiture therein-mentioned: and whereas notwithstanding the said act, it has been usual and customary for tamers to buy raw hides of persons who kill beasts, whereof such hides are taken, although such beasts have not been killed for the provision of their own house or houses, in confluence of which a ftions have been lately brought, and other actions may be brought against tanners and others who have so bought raw hides, on the ground that such buying is contrary to the prohibition of the said act: and whereas the practice of so buying hides was not introduced by the persons against whom actions have been brought, but has been prevailing many years, and particularly the hides of beasts bought and killed for the publick service have usually been sold to tanners, and not in publick markets, and have been again sold by the purchasers without tanning or tawing the same; and it will be injurious to the publick service if such hides shall not continue to be so fold: and whereas the actions so brought might be attended with the ruin of the defendants: in order therefore to present such litigation, expence, and mfchies, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in tins present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person or persons against: whom any action, bill, plaint, or information hath been or shall for ^roug^t for any penalty or penalties incurred before the paiT-

fodes^thfr- J*nS this rea*on of any breach of the said prohibition

contained in the aforesaid act, shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from the same; any thing in the before-mentioned act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That all costs incurred in prosecuting any such action, bill, plaint, or information, shall be borne and discharged by thedefendant or defendants in such action, bill, plaint, discharged by or information; and it shall be lawful for the defendant or de-the defend- fendants, in any action or actions brought or to be brought as thereupon^ay a^Qre^a^? to apply to the court in which such action, bill, plaint, proceedings/ or information, shall be brought to flay all proceedings therein on payment of such costs.

Act not to in-

III. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein contained, n0t extenc^ or construed to extend, to indemnify any per-whom^final fn aga^n^ whom final judgement shall have been given before the judgement fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall have been in any such action, bill, plaint, or information; and that the degiven before fendanr, in any such action, bill, plaint or information, which has ^Prj S>799> been or be brought, may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and in case any p\ea has already been pleacted, or^ny

Persons indemnified against actions brought for penalties incurred un-

wife than in open marketj &cc.

Costs incurred in prosecuting such actions to be

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. cf

demurrer filed, may move the court to stay all proceedings, and the court shall make such order as may be necessary for effectuating the purpofts of this act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any t^Tedted^ thing in the said act contained, it shall be lawful for all performs a(^as prohi-to bargai n, buy, contract for, or bespeak, any rough hide or calfikin bits the buy-in the hair, of beads slaughtered for the service of his Majesty's ing hides of navy, ahhough such person or persons shall not afterwards tan or ^S.Sfor the" taw the same; and that so much of the said act as prohibits the service of the bargaining, buying, contracting for, or bespeaking any rough navy, and hides, or calf skin in the hair, of beads slaughtered for the fer- not afterwards vice of his Majesty's navy, and not afterwards tanning or tawing law^n^them the same, or the buying of raw hides any otherwise than in open or t^e buying fair or market, or imposes any penalty or forfeiture in respect of raw hides

thereof, shall be and the same is hereby repealed., otherwise

than in open market, re-

CAP. LV.

An act for encouraging the improvement of lands subject to the fer-vitude of thirlage in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[June 13, 1799.]

pealed.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is found by experience^ that the servitude of V

thirlage, and 7'ight of mill services incident thereto, in that part a/Great Britain called Scotland, are very unfavourable to the general improvement of the country, by checking the industry of the occupiers of the ground, and by occasiohing trouble same and expensive litigation; and that it is highly expedient that it should be allowed to persons subject to such servitude to compensate or to commute the same by a fixed annual payment, in lieu and satisfaction of the said right of thirlage, and of all services, prefations, and refer iflions, thereto incident or pertaining, and in same cases to make an entire and complete purchase of the same fora fair and adequate price: therefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, Proprietors of

it shal and may be lawful for the proprietor or proprietors of landJ dm-led,

or of mills to

any lands or tenements thirled or aitriaed to any mill, in that which lands -

part of Great Britain, called Scotland, or to the proprietor of any are thirled,

mill to which the lands or tenements of any other person or per- may apply to

Tons are thirled or affridted, who shall be delirous to have suchlav.e the '

thirlage or aftridiion changed or commuted intp such annual commuted to

payment, to apply to his Majesty's sheriff or steward depute of the sheriff or the county or stewartry in which such lands or tenements, and Reward de-

mills, are situated, or to his substitute, by a petition, setting

forth such his or their desire, and specifying the lands and tene- proceed

ments so thirled, which he or they is or are desirous should be as herein di-

freed from such thirlage, and the mill or mills to which such reffed.

lands or tenements are so thirled, and also the nature of the thirlage, the several species of corn or grain over which it is extended,

242

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 55. [1798.

the quantity of multure paid for grinding every sort of grain, the services dependant on the right, and the total amount of the multures and other dues claimed or allowed to be due; which petition the said sheriff, or steward depute or substitute, shall order to be served on the other party or parties interested in the said thirlage, and on the tenant or tenants of the mill or mills described in the said petition, and shall also cause an edidlal citation to be made of all parties having or pretending to have interest in the said thirlage, at the church or churches of the parish or parishes within which the mill, and also the lands thirled thereto, are situated; and the party or parties on whom such petition is served shall, within forty days after such service and citation, if within Scotland, or if furth thereof, then within sixty days, lodge with the sheriff or Reward's clerk their answers to the petition, (and if any of the said subjects are entailed, on the next substitute heir of entail within the kingdom, who would succeed failing the heir in possession and his family), and shall therein set forth all objections they may have, either to any further procedure or to the matter of the said petition; and they shall also date every claim, demand, or deduction, which they are either then or afterwards to make or crave; which petition and answers the sheriff, or steward depute, or his substitute, shall immediately take into consideration, and within thirty days shall make an order or decree finding and declaring the precise matters in the said petition and answers, which are relevant to p3fs to the knowledge of a jury in manner after mentioned, and twenty days from the date of such order or decree having elapsed, or in case of any advocation, suspension, or other stay, by the authority of a superior court within ten days after such advocation, suspension, or other stay, has been discussed and removed, the sheriff, or steward depute, or his substitute, shall pronounce an interlocutor, appointing a jury to be summoned on a certain day, to be expressed in the said interlocutor, at the distance of not less than thirty and not more than forty days from the date of such interlocutor, to give their verdicts or determination on the matters contained in the said petition, and answers and decree made thereon by the said sheriff, or steward depute or substitute, or by a superior court, in such manner, and for such purpose as herein after is directed; and the said sheriff, or steward depute, or his substitute, is hereby directed and required to summon and assize of at the leaf!: twenty-one impartial and disinterested men, each of whom shall be an heritor or tenant of land, paying thirty pounds sterling of yearly rent within the said county or stewartry, or in the case of heritors occupying their own lands, then of thirty pounds Scots of valued rent, on such day as shall be mentioned in the interlocutor aforesaid; which assize being called on the said day, the number of persons then attending on the said assize shall be reduced to nine by each party, (that is, the proprietor of the mill on the one part, and the proprietor or proprietors of the thirled lands or tenements on the other), striking

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c-55- 243

off alternately, beginning on the part of the proprietor of the mill, or in case of any of the parties not appearing, by the sheriff, or stewart depute or substitute, striking off for and on behalf of such party, till the number be reduced to nine, who shall be sworn, and constirute a jury for the determination of the annual value of the thirlage services and predations thereto annexed, which is submitted to their consider2tion; before which jury, and the said sheriff or deward depute or fubditute, the said petition and answers and decree, together with such evidence as any of the parties may incline, shall be laid; which evidence shall be taken in writing, and remain for four years at lead upon record in the court where it was taken; and after deliberating thereon, and hearing parties and their procurators, if they shall desire to be heard, and upon a due consideration of all the circumstances of the case, the said jury shall, by their verdict or determination, fix and ascertain the amount of such annual payment, in grain of such kinds, and in such quantity and amount, as to the said jury shall appear to be a jud, fair, and equal value and compensation for the said right of thirlage, and all and every service, predation, or restriction thereto annexed or incident; of which verdict or determination an abbreviate shall be regidered by any of the parties in the general register of fafines at Edinburgh, or the particular regider for the said county or stewartry, within sixty days after the pronouncing of such verdict or determination: provided always, That nothing Ad not to in-herein contained shall invalidate or infringe the right competent fnnge the to the proprietor of any mill for supporting and repairing the mill dam, and the ledd or aqueduct conducting the water to for fUpport> such mill, by taking dones, turf, or other materials, from the ing mill dams, thirled lands of any neighbouring heritor along which the said aqueduct passes, or of deepening or clearing the same, conform to use and wont.

II. And whereas the said petition and answers may contain matters of law touching rights of thirlage, where to the said sheriff, or steward depute or substitute, has not a compete?7t jurisdiction; be it therefore enacted, That it dial] be lawful to the said sheriff, or Sheriff, steward depute or fubditute, and they are hereby empowered

and authorised to decide and determine by their order or decree, t; onsn jaw* on the said petition and answers, all questions in law therein contained in contained, respecting the nature, quality, and extent of the thir- petitions and lage to be valued, and services, predations, and restrictions there- ardwers to incident, or the claims, demands, and deductions, made or craved by either of the parties; any law or practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That it shall not be lawful to the said Sheriff, See. sheriff, or steward depute, or substitute, to pronounce any judgement or decree, finding or declaring l^nds to be thirled orifthepro_*aftricted to a mill, where the proprietor of the lands denies the prietor deny existence of any such right of thirlage, unless the other party it, unless the produce an extract of a decree of declarator pronounced by other party the court of session, or sufficient evidence thereof in proof of ot The Tight.0

After three years registration of the verdict, it shall not he altered, See.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 55. [1798.

his right, and that the said sheriff, or Reward depute or substitute, shall (such production not being made) dismiss the petition in so far as regards the lands which are denied to be thirled, and proceed only to the valuation of the thirlage of those lands which are confessed to be thirled, as in manner is before directed.

IV. And be it specially enacted, provided, and declared, That after the expiry of three years from the registration of the ver^ did of the jury, the said verdict, and the proceedings had relative thereto, shall not be reduced, set aside, reviewed, altered, or amended by the court of session, or any other judicatory, for any neglect of the provisions herein contained, or for any informality or error, or for any other reason or pretext whatever; and if any party shall pursue any process of reduction of the verdict of the jury, or other process for letting the same aside, or for altering or amending the same, in the court of session, and shall fail in such pursuit or process, such party profecuring as aforesaid shall be liable to the other party or parties in full costs of suit.

V. And be it further enacted, That after such verdict and determination as aforesaid, the servitude of thirlage, and all Services, predations, and restrictions, pertaining or any way inci- "

prietor of the dent thereto, so valued by the said jury, shall cease to be exigi-mill shall be ble from, or binding upon either or any of the parties, but that ^eive^he rC*n ^, eu ^lereo^ laid proprietor or proprietors, occupier or oc-compensation cuPiers of the thirled lands or tenements, shall be bound and obliged to pay, and the proprietor of the mill to which the said lands or tenements are thirled, shall be bound and obliged to receive annually at the mill where the multure under the former servitude of thirlage was in use to be paid, or at some other convenient place to be fixed by the jury, such quantity or amount of corn or g'ain, of such kind or fort, kinds or forts as the said jury shall in manner aforesaid determine to be a just compensation or equivalent for such right of thirlage, or in the option of the payer, the value of such corn or grain in money, according to the value or price put upon such kind or l^inds of corn or grain by the fiars of the county in which the grain is payable, for the year within which such payment is due.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and Verdi&not to declared, That such verdict or determination shall not be prevent--be delayed by ed or delayed by the absence or non-attendance of any person and persons interested in such thirlage, but that the jury shall proceed on

-such evidence as shall be produced to them by any of the parties then and there attending, and pronounce such verdict and determination as aforesaid, which shall be as valid and effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if all the parties interested therein had attended, and been heard in relation thereto; but it is also provided, that if any of the parties shall Chew sufficient reason for adjourning the said day appointed for taking the verdict of the jury, it shall be lawful for the said sheriff, or Reward depute or substitute to make such adjournment to any day within thirty days from the day first appointed, the party praying an adjournment always defraying all expences thereby incurred.

After verdict all restrictions to cease, and the pro

in corn, or its value in money, at the option of the payer.

interested, but the day for taking it may be adjourned, on sufficient reason being shewn.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 55. 245

VII. And be it further enacted, That the annual payment Annual pay-herein above direcfted to be made, in lieu and satisfaction of the \n iicU said servitude of thirlage, shall be payable at the term of Candle- ^made at mas in each year, the first: payment to be made at the term of Candlemas. Candlemas, Immediately subsequent to the date of the verdict or determination of the said jury; the amount of which first payment shall be fixed by the said jury, according to such proportion as they shall judge reasonable on the whole circ urn (lances of the case.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That where the mill or mills The commu-aforesaid, with the rights of thirlage thereto annexed, are let to tenants under tacks or leases, the annual payment in grain or mjns jet cn money, so as aforesaid to be paid as a commutation or equiva- Jeafe shall be lent for the right of thirlage annexed to such mill, shall, and the full compen-fame is hereby declared to be payable, during the term or currency of such tack or lease, to the tenant or lefTee of such mill where paid by or mills, and such annual payment shall be to such tenant or lef- proprietors of fee, tenants or lessees, full compensation for or in lieu and satis- landsonleafe faction of all multure, mill services, or other rights or servitudes pertaining or incident to the said right of thirlage let to him or {he^ro*- them by such tack or lease, such tack or lease, or any condition prietor. or predation therein contained notwithstanding; and where the lands of the servient tenement or estate thirled are let in lease to tenants, and the proprietor shall pay the annual commutation or equivalent, the lelfees shall in that case be obliged to make payment to the proprietor of a portion of the said annual commutation or equivalent, corresponding to the rent of the lands let on lease compared with the total amount of rent payable by the whole lands thirled, and that the said proportion of the said annual commutation or equivalent shall be recoverable by the proprietor in the same manner in which he is entitled to recover his rent.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the propor- on bje<ffioi> tion by rent shall be objected to by tenants paying one fourth

or more of the rent of the lands thirled, the said jury shall then fourth of the divide according to the bed of their judgement, information, rent of lands and belief, the different parts of the commutation to be paid by thirled, a jury the several tenants, according to the value of multures, services, commutation and predations legally exigible from the several respective farms occupied or possessed by them; or if the parties are not then prepared, the sheriff or steward depute or his substitute, is hereby authorised and required, at the request and desire of the above-mentioned proportion of the tenants, again to convene the aforesaid jury, in manner and with notice as above directed, and that on any day within the space of two months from the date of their first award, when the said jury shall meet and make such division,

X. And whereas the annual payment to be adjudged under this act to the proprietor of a mill, in lieu of the multures, mill services, and other rights, from which the lands thirled are to be thereby relieved, is meant and underfeed to be of equal valuey and a full compensation

r 3 /or

246 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 55. [1798.

for the discharge thereof and in no ways to take from or diminish the value of his right as proprietor, it is further hereby enabled and Commutation declared, That the discharge of the multures, mill services, and

not to give claim to the mill proprietor to relief from the land tax, nor to aftetf: right of freehold.

Thirlage of the Inveeta et I]lata may be purchased.

Such thirl age may be purchased notwithstanding the mill be held under a deed of entail, ^on certain conditions.

other rights belonging to a proprietor of a mill, as to the whole or any part of the lands aftridted to it, and the substitution of an annual payment by way of compensation in place thereof, in the manner above provided for, shall afford to such proprietor no ground or pretence for claiming relief from any part of the" cess or land tax payable by him in respect thereof, either where such mill flood separately valued in the cess books, or where it was included in a joint or cumulo valuation with other parts of his property; and for the same reason, that it shall not in anyways affedf or impair any right of freehold, or qualification to elefc or be elected as a member of parliament, arising from or founded upon it, either where the mill with its mill lands and multures of itself affords such qualification in respect of its valuation or old extent, or where it makes part of a tenement which forms such qualification, either on its valuation or as separately retoured of an extent sufficient for that purpose.

XI. And whereas there is a kind of thirlage known in the law and practice ^/'Scotland, called A Thirlage of the Invedla et Illata, to which sundry towns, burghs, burghs of barony, villages, or other places in that part of the kingdom, and the inhabitants thereof are subjefi, which thirlage it is expedient to allow to be purchased by the persons subject to the same, be it therefore enacted, That if any inhabitant or inhabitants of such town, burgh, village, or place, shall be desirous to purchase an exemption from the said servitude of thirlage, and all and every the services and prestations incident thereto, to which the whole town, burgh, village, or place is liable from the proprietor of such mill or mills entitled to the same, it shall be lawful and competent to them to apply, in manner above mentioned, to the sheriff or steward depute of the county or stewartry in which such town, burgh, village, or place is situate, who shall take such proceedings, 3nd summon a jury in such manner as is herein-before particularly directed, which jury shall by their verdict fix and determine the full value in money of such right of thirlage in perpetuity, on which verdict and determination the said sheriff, or steward depute or substitute shall pronounce decreet against the person or persons so petitioning or applying to him as aforesaid, for the sum so fixed and determined by such jury, on payment of which to the proprietor of the mill, such town, burgh, village, or place, or such inhabitant or inhabitants thereof, formerly subject to such thirlage, shall thenceforth be for ever freed and relieved from the same.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That such proceeding may take place, and such exemption be purchased in manner aforesaid, notwithstanding the mill or mills, to which such burgh, town, or village is thirled, be held by the proprietor or proprietors thereof under a deed or deeds' of entail; provided that price paid for the same, in virtue of the determination of the

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 56. 247

jury and decreet of the sheriff hereby directed, shall be settled and secured in like manner as is directed in the case of superio-rities sold to the va-flals of entailed estates, by an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for taking away the tenure of ward 20 ^eo* holding in Scotland, and for converting the same into blanch andfeu c* holdings; and for regulating the casualty of non-entry in certain cases; and for taking away the casualties of single and life rent efeheats incurred there by horning and denounciation for civil causes; and for giving to heirs and successors there a summary process against superiors; and for discharging the attendance of vassals at head courts there; and for ascertaining the service of tenants there; and for all lowing heirs of talzie there to sell lands to the crown, for erecting buildings and making settlements in the highlands.

XIII. And whereas it may happen, that a mill and some of the^f mill and

lands thirled to it may be within different counties or feivartries; be ^hin^differ-it enacted, That in such case the application shall be made to ent counties, the sheriff or stewart of the county or stewartry in which the application mill is situated, before whom the parties concerned who live to be made to without his jurisdiction may be cited by virtue of letters of sup- ^her^the plement in common form. millis situate.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly enacted and declared, That nothing herein-before contained shall apply to tend^here*" the case where a permanent annual payment, either in money or dry multure grain, is already fixed or established under the name of dry mul- is fixed, ture, in lieu of the servitude or thirlage, but reserving nevertheless to either party, as well the proprietor of the dominant as of the furvient tenement, to apply in manner herein-before directed for commutating or compensating by such fixed annual payment as herein-before mentioned, all mill services and other prestations and restrictions, if any such are exigible, over and above the sum of money or grain payable in name of dry multure as aforesaid.

CAP. LVI.

An act to explain and amend the laws relative to colliers in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[June 13, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, before the passing of an act of the fifteenth year of his present Majesty,

[15 Geo. 3.

intituled An act for altering, explaining, and amending several of the acts of the parliament of c* r^eited, Scotland, respecting colliers, coal bearers, and faiters, many coU Hers, coal bearers, and faiters, were bound for life, to and transfer-rable with the collieries andfait workers where they worked j but by the said act their bondage was taken off, and they were declared to be free, under the conditions therein mentioned \ not with/landing which, many colliers and eoal bearers fill continue in a fate of bondage, from not having complied with the provisons, or from having become subject to the penalties in the said act: may it therefore please yoqr

and all colliers in Scotland, bound

of, to be free from servitude.

248 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 5-6. [1798.

Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, all the colliers in that part at Theti me^of Great Britain, called Scotland, who were bound colliers at the

pairing the re- time of pr*fling the said abf, shall be and they are hereby declared to be free from their servitude, and in the same situation in every respect as if they had regularly obtained a decree in the manner directed by the said act.

II. And whereas by an act of the Scots parliament, videlicet, Of the twenty second parliament of King James the Sixths (twenty-eighth of June one thousand six hundred and seventeen), chapter eighty and by another act of the Scots parliament, videlicet, Of the first parliament of King Charles the Second, (in January one thousand six hundred and sixty-one), chapter thirty-eighty it is enabled, That the justices of the peace for the fereral counties and stewartries in Scotland shall appoint at the quarter sessions to be kept in August and February, the ordinary hyre and wages of labourers, workmen, and servants, and who shall refafe to serve upon the price set down by them, shall be imprij'oned and further pmished at their discretion; and to the effect fer vants may be the more willing to obey the ordinances to be made by the said justices for the said fees, the said justices shall have pozver to decern and compel the master to make payment of the fees appointed by their ordinance, in case the servants pleaj'e rather to sue for the same before them than before the judge ordinaryand whereas doubts have arisen whether the pozvers given to the justices of the peace by the two atls of the Scottish parliament above recited extend to colliers \ be it enacted and declared, That the said two (5. 8. of the acts of the Scottish parliament, videlicet, The aforesaid act of the md Scots par- twenty-second parliament of King fames the Sixth, (twenty-ta<nd c Jime one thousand six hundred and seventeen), chap-

38. of the*ter the eighth, and the aforesaid act of the first parliament of iftofCar. a. King Charles the Second, (January the first, one thousand fix so far as they hundred and sixty-one), chapter the thirty-eighth, in so far as cf^wao-es^of1^ame relate to the fixing and appointing of the ordinary labourers, to hire an^ wages of labourers, workmen, and servants, do extend extendtoper- to and include colliers, coal hewers, coal bearers, and all other fonsemployed persons of every description employed at colheries, in that part tdes^in Scot- Great Britain, called Scotland; and such and the like powers and authorities, rights, remedies, and privileges conferred by these statutes, relative to the fixing and appointing of the ordinary hire and wages of labourers, workmen and servants, are hereby given, conferred, and granted, and declared to extend and apply to colliers, coal hewers, coal bearers, and all other persons of every description employed at colheries, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Powers onl^d

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such powers upon TppUca- anc* authorities shall only be exercised upon the application of tion of the the party or parties aggrieved.

party aggrieved.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 56, 249

IV. And be it enacted, That any two or more justices may Two justices and shall exercise, upon the like application so to be made to exercise them, all the powers and authorities which are given by the tuc l)0wers* aforesaid statutes to the said justices at their quarter sessions, in such manner as is therein provided.

V. And whereas there is a general pra Rice among the coal owners

and lessees of coal, of advancing considerable sums to their colliers, of for their behoof much beyond what the colliers are able to repay; which sums are advanced for the purpose of tempting them to enter into or continue their engagements, notwithstanding the sums so advanced are kept up as debts against the colliers \ be it therefore further enacted, That no diligence or action shall be competent a(^ion for any sum or sums of money hereafter to be lent or advanced act

to colliers, or other persons employed at the collieries as afore- vance(j byor^ said, by the coal owner or leilee of any colhery, or by any other on behalf of person or persons on their behalf, or for any debts due by col- coal owners liers or other persons as aforesaid, which shall be acquired by colliers^ex* the said coal owners or lessees, or by others on their account, cept sup, either previous to their engagement, or during the currency port of their thereof, and in view of the same; excepting always such sum or families in sums as shall be advanced to any collier, or other person em- ^efs * ploved at collieries as aforesaid, during the currency of his or

her service, for the support of his or her family, in case of sickness.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and Coal owners

may be lawful to the coal owner or lessee who shall lend or ad-r e^s.

may detain a

vance such sum or sums of money, to retain from the wages orpa/tof the

the colliers or others aforesaid, to whom the same shall be so lent weekly wages

or advanced, one twelfth part of the said sum or sums weekly, hll money ad-

till the principal sum or sums, without interest, so advanced, be n^id^nd^a

paid up; but declaring, that if the engagement of such collierhaveanacHroi

shall expire before the principal sum or sums so advanced be for the

fully paid up, the coal owner or leftee who advanced the same balance.

shall have aHon for the balance, in the same manner as if this act had not passed,

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That such debts as Debts due by were due by colliers to their mailers at or before the pasting of colliers at this act, shall not be hereby extinguished; and declaring also, alfnot exS that debts due by colliers or other persons as aforesaid, at or be- ttngutfked^ fore the passing of this act, to the coal owners or lessees, may be but may be

v lawfully alligned or transferred to other coal owners or lessees assigned with with whom they may afterwards engage, with the consent of the con lent of the debtors themselves; and if assigned with their consent, then the de orb* debts so aligned shall be as valid and effectual to the other coal owners or lessees, as if this act had never palied: provided always, That the vouchers of all debts due by colliers to coal Vouchers of owners and lessees of coal before the pasting of this act, or a list ^s^o^be of the same, signed by the said coal owners and lessees, shall be the recorded in the sheriff court books, within three months after court books, sche pasting hereof, for which a fee of one shilling shall be paid, or held null.

250 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 57  59. [1798.

and no more; and that all debts, the vouchers of which are not so recorded, shall be held to be null and void, and not recoverable in any court of law.

VIII. And whereas there have of late been many attempts to fe-Seducers of ^iice colliers out of Scotland into foreign countries, be it therefore Colliers from further enacted, That all persons seducing, or attempting to Great Britain seduce, colliers or others aforesaid, from the kingdom of Great ed as seducer ^ritain'> be punished in the same manner as persons seducing, of znanufac-  or attempfing to seduce, manufacturers or other artizans are turers. punishable by law.

Ko coal maf-

IX. Provided always, and belt enabled and declared, That no ter or 1 elite to coal mailer or lessee of coal shall act as a justice of peace under

aft as a justice this act.

under thib aft. Andlt purt|ier enabled, That the laws now in force

ombinarions aa*n^- un^avv^ combinations of whatever kind, shall extend to and include colliers, coal bearers, and other persons employed at coal works as aforesaid; and that nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to alter or repeal any part of the acts of the parliament of Scotland relative to colliers, unless in so far as is expressly done by this act or by the said act of the fifteenth year of his present Majesty.

CAP. LVII.

An act for indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

[June 13, 1799.]

CAP. LVIII.

An act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to fir James Marriott knight, late judge of the high court of admiralty, in consideration of his diligent and faithful services in the execution of that office.

[June 13, 1799.]

A life annuity of 2, ooool. granted to sir James Marriott, to commence from October 15, 1798, and to be paid quarterly.

CAP. LIX.

An act for permitting certain goods, imported from the East Indies, to be warehoused; and for repealing the duties now payable thereon and granting other duties in lieu thereof.

[June 13, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, in order to secure to this country the benefit of an extended trade in goods, the produce <and manufacture of the East Indies, that certain goods imported from thence should be permitted to be warehoused, and that the duties on the same fuould be repealed, and other duties JJoould be granted in lieu thereof: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

to extend to colliers,

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 59. 251

authority of the same, That from and after the thirty-first day offrom Aug.^r, August 6ne thousand seven hundred and nirtety-nine, it shall and the East may be lawful for the united company of merchants of England pan^may1* -trading to the East Indies, on the legal importation into this warehouse kingdom of any goods, wares, or merchandize, (except as herein- imported after is provided), to enter, and land and lodge any such goods, wares, and merchandize, in warehouses, under the securities, addi^" rules, regulations, and restrictions directed and required by this tional duties.'act, on payment, in the manner herein after directed, of the following new and additional duties of customs, and without payment of any other duty whatever, save and except the duties of customs imposed by an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom, 38 Geo. 3. and for granting new and additional duties cf customs on goods import- c. 7 6. ed and exported, and on the tonnage of certain flips entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign parts, until the fgning the preliminary articles of peace \ videlicet,

For every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of all Additional muslins plain, nanquin cloths, muslins or white callicoes flower- duties, ed or ditched, imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the sum of seven pounds and ten shillings:

For every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of all plain white callicoe, plain white dimity, and of all goods, wares, and merchandize, prohibited to be worn or used in this kingdom, imported by the said united company, the sum of two pounds and ten shillings:

And for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of all other goods, wares, and merchandize, imported by the said united company, (except builion, diamonds, and other precious stones, tea, cotton wool, nutmegs, mace, doves, and cinnamon), the sum of two pounds:

Which value shall be ascertained according to the gross price at which fuel) goods respectively shall have been sold at the Tales of the said united company, without any deduction or abatement whatever; and so in proportion for any greater or less value than one hundred pounds.

[Additional

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said united company to secure by bond, in the usual and

accustomed manner, the new and additional duties of customs y

imposed by this aL, which bond shall be given to his Majesty,

his heirs and successors, in a penalty equal to double the amount thereof, with condition for the payment of the said duties, within four months after the expiration of each and every publick sale of goods, wares, or merchandize, by the said united company.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before Goods duly any such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be so lodged or fe- entereciand cured in warehouses, the same shall be duly entered with the ianded maybe proper officer or officers of the customs, and regularly landed, lodged in

after warehouses

z$2 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 59. [1798.

approved by after which such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall and may be fio^err^the or ^ecurec^ in such warehouses as are now provided by the

customs said un*lted company, or which may hereafter be provided by them, whose officers such warehouses to be first approved by the of of his are to take an Majesty's customs in England for the time being, or any four or the'oods^ 1X101: 6 of them; but before any such goods, wares, or merchan-e  s* dize, or any part thereof^ shall be so lodged or secured in such warehouses, or as soon after as conveniently may be, the same shall be examined by the proper officer or officers of the customs, who shall take a particular and correct account of the quantity, quality, species, number and contents thereof, which account shall be regularly entered in a book or books to be provided and kept for that purpose, and in such manner as they the said of shall from time to time think proper to direct. Purchasers or JV. And jt js hereby further enacted, That it shall and may goods^foMbyke lawful for the purchaser or purchasers, or proprietor or pro-the company, prietors of any goods, wares, or merchandize, so lodged or fe-may export cured in warehouses by virtue or in pursuance of this act, and them directly which have been publickly sold by the said company, to export v-a re ho life on same directly from the warehouse or warehouses in which the

payment of same have been respectively lodged or secured, without payment the duty im- of any further duty or duties of customs or excise whatever, save posed by and except the duty or duties of customs imposed by the said re-

c^76Cand* Eited a ft, passed in the last session of parliament; provided that

entering into the exporter or exporters, or proprietor or proprietors, of any bond that they such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall, before the delivery fbjdl not be thereof for exportation, make a due entry with the proper officer

Great Britain or cers of h, Majesty's customs, and shall, together with the

'matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of the ship or vessel in which such goods, wares, or merchandize, are intended to be exported, and one sufficient surety, (to be approved by the collector and comptroller of the customs at the port of exportation), enter into bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in treble the value thereof, with condition that the said goods, wares, or merchandize, so intended to be exported, shall be landed at the respective ports or places for which the same shall have been entered, and that no part of the same shall be relanded in Great Britain, or landed in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the islands of Faro or Ferro.

Such goods

V. And be it further enacted, That if any goods, wares, or Gnernfe" &c merchandize, which shall have been shipped for exportation, may be seized! according to the regulations of this act, shall afterwards be landed in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the islands of Faro or Ferro, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs.

Purchasers or

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the purchaser or Pood^foMS C^Purckafers, or proprietor or proprietors, of any goods, wares, or at publick merchandize, imported by the said united company, and lodged

fates of the or secured in warehouses according to the directions of this act,

company, which shall have been sold at the publick sales of the said company,

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 59. 253

pany, after the said thirty-first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, such goods not being prohibited to be worn or used in this kingdom, shall intend to take any such goods, wares, or merchandize, from any such warehouse, for the purpose of being used or consumed in this kingdom, such purchaser or purchasers, or proprietor or proprietors, shall, before the same shall be so delivered from any such warehouse, make a due entry of such goods, wares, or merchandize, with the proper officers of his Majesty's customs, and pay down in ready money, without any discount or abatement, to the collector or other proper officer of the customs, the several and respective duties of customs here-in-after mentioned; (that is to say), On all such goods, wares, and merchandize, so intended to be taken out of any such warehouse as aforesaid, not being prohibited to be used or consumed in this kingdom, and which are particularly enumerated or described in the table hereunto annexed, marked A. the several duties of customs, as the same are respectively inserted* described, and set forth in figures in the said table marked A. and which duties, so paid, shall be instead and in lieu of the several duties of customs due and payable on and immediately before the thirty-first day of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, on any such goods, wares, or merchandize imported by the said united company, save and except the duties of customs payable by virtue of the said recited act passed in the last session of parliament; and on all goods, wares, or merchandize, so intended to be taken out of any such warehouse as aforesaid, not being prohibited to be used or consumed in this kingdom, and which are not particularly enumerated or described in the said table marked A. the several and respective duties of customs due and payable on the importation of any such goods, wares, or merchandize, by the said united company, by any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the said thirty-first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no drawback of any duty of customs whatsoever shall be paid or allowed on the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandize, imported into this kingdom by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, which shall have been sold at the Tales of the said united company, after the thirty-first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, except mufiins plain, nanquin cloth, mufiins or white callicoes flowered or stitched, plain white callicoes and dimities, which shall have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed in this kingdom, and on the due exportation from this kingdom of any such goods so printed, stained, painted, or dyed, on which the full duties, as the same are inserted, described, and set forth in the table hereunto annexed, marked A. have been paid, there shall be paid or allowed to the exporter or exporters thereof, the several drawbacks of the said duties as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said table marked A.: provided always, That nothing herein

taken out of warehouses for homecon-fumption, to make entry and pay certain duties.

No drawback to be allowed on exportation of goods sold by the company after Aug u ft 31, 1799, except on certain articles.

Act not to repeal the present draw-

254 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 59. [1798.

backs on cer-

contained shall in any wise alter or repeal the drawbacks now tain articles. payab]e on the exportation from this kingdom, of tea, nutmegs. No drawback mace, cloves, and cinnamon: provided also, That no drawback shall be paid or allowed on any goods, wares, or merchandize, so taken out of any warehouse as aforesaid, and on which the full duties have been paid, unless such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be actually shipped on board the ship or vessel in which the same are intended to be exported, within the space of one year from the time of the payment of such full duty.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That before any goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be delivered out of or taken from any warehouse or warehouses in which the same shall have been package to be lodged or secured by virtue or in pursuance of this act for the marked as the purpose of exportation, each and every package thereof shall be of thTcuRoms mar^ec^ m distinguishing manner as the of of shall direct/ h, Majesty's customs in England, or any four or more of them, shall from time to time direct.

Officers of the customs to

to be allowed on warehoused goods not shipt within a year from payment. of duty.

Before goods are taken out for exportation, every

keep an account of all goods imported.

Regulations respecting payment of duties thereon, &c.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the proper officer or officers of the customs shall keep a regular and correct account of all goods, wares, or merchandize, imported by the said united company, distinguishing the cargoes respectively imported in each particular ship or vessel; and within the space of three years, from the day on which the captain or commander of each and every such ship or vessel shall, in the usual and accustomed manner, have made his report at the custom house, the said united company shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the proper officer of the customs, all and every sum or lums of money due and payable on account of the cargoes respectively imported in such ship or vessel, according to the account taken at the first examination thereof; and in case any part of the cargo of any ship or vessel shall then remain unexported, and without the full duties having been paid thereon, it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of the customs in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, to require the said united company to cause such goods, wares, or merchandize, to be sold, in case they shall not have been fold, (unless leave shall have been previously obtained from the lords of of his Majesty's treasury to grant a further time previous to such re-sale being so ordered, which they are hereby authorised to do, upon satisfactory evidence of the necessity of the case being laid before them); and in case they shall have been fold, then to be re-fold, either for exportation, if such goods, wares, or merchandize, are prohibited to be worn or used in this kingdom, or for exportation, or home consumption, if not so prohibited in the manner herein after directed; and after such sale or re-sale, the produce thereof shall first be applied to or towards the payment of the freight, primage, and charges of warehouse room and other charges that shall arile thereon, next the customs and duties, and the overplus to be paid to the proprietors or other persons authorised to receive the same; and if from the account to be kept as aforesaid.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 59. 255

said, it shall appear that the quantity, number or contents, of any such goods, wares, or merchandize, is or are less than the quantity, number, or contents, taken by the proper officer or officers of the customs, according to the directions of this act, at the first examination of such goods, wares, or merchandize, or that the whole thereof has not been duly exported, or the full duties paid thereon, or any part thereof remaining to be disposed of as before directed, the said united company shall, within thirty days, pay, or cause to be paid, the full duties on such goods, wares, or merchandize, so remaining unexported, or on which the full duties have not been paid; and in all cases when the said of of the customs shall so require the sale of any such goods, wares, or merchandize, the same shall be put up for sale by the said united company at their then next ensuing sale, and such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be then sold by the said united company for the highest price that shall be then publickly offered for the same.

X. Provided always, That in case any goods, wares, or mer- in Case of a chandize so lodged or secured in any warehouse or warehouses deficiency of as aforesaid, shall be liable to duties according to the value there- warehoused of, and there shall be a deficiency of the whole or any part of p^red'with1* such goods, wares, or merchandize, on comparing them with the the account of quantity, number, or contents taken by the proper officers of the the officers of customs, according to the directions of this act, at the first ex- tJie customs, amination of such goods, wares, or merchandize, such values, in ascertaffiinor order to ascertain the duties thereon, shall be taken according to the duties to the highest gross price at which goods, of the like forts, denomi- be taken at nations, or descriptions, shall have been sold at the last sale of the th? highest said united company, in which goods of such forts, denominations, j^ftfa^e S or descriptions were fold.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any goods, wares, Goodsunfold or merchandize imported into this kingdom by the said united remaining in company, (except tea, cotton wool, nutmegs, mace, cloves, and warehousesoa cinnamon, and builion, diamonds, and' other precious stones), j^ie shall, on the said thirty-first day of August one thousand seven to the addi-hundred and ninety-nine, remain in any warehouse belonging tional duties, to the said united company unfold, all such goods, wares, and ^red^orex" merchandize, shall be subject and liable to the new and additional portation but" duties of customs by this act imposed, for everyone hundred according to pounds of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross the regula-price at which such goods shall be sold at the publick Tales of the ^nsn^S said united company, and which duties shall be payable by theny "^ei?1 said united company in the manner directed by this act; and purpose, but such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall not be delivered from under the the warehouse in which they have been lodged or secured, for the fai?e rules as purpose of exportation, but on the securities, and under the rules, since^haVday regulations, and restrictions required by this act; nor shall any such goods, wares, or merchandize, be delivered from any such warehouse for any other purpose, but on payment of the full duties due and payable thereon, in like manner, and under such rules, regulations, and restrictions, as if such goods, wares, and merchandize.

2$6 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 59. [1798.

chandize, had been imported into this kingdom by the said-united company after the said thirty-first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any bond or security, law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

The duties

XII. Provided always, That if the said united company shall, Au^ulfT before the said thirty-first day of August one thousand seven hun-1799, on9dred aru^ ninety-nine, have paid to the proper officer of his Ma-warehoused jesty's customs the whole or any part of the duties which may goods unfold, have become due and payable on any such goods, wares, or mer-^tdbvthe chandize, f remaining unfold in any of the warehouses belonged mmfffi onersnS to l^e l^id united company, it shall and may be lawful for of customs. the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England, or any four or more of them, to direct such duties so paid by the said united company, to be repaid in such manner as they the said of shall think fit to direct.

If goods de-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any goods, 'ortation* on" wares>or merchandize, which shall have been warehoused or other-which the' full wife secured according to the directions of this act, and on which duties have the full duties shall not have been paid, shall, after having been not been paid, delivered for exportation from the warehouse for the purpose of regularly ship- being shipped on board any particular ship or vessel, not be re-ped, or shall gularly shipped on board such ship or vessel, or having been put be relanded, into any bark, hoy, lighter, barge, boat, or wherry, in order to they shall be be flipped on board such ship or vessel, shall not be regularly the'vessel'^1 dipped on board the same, or shall be relanded from any such bark, hoy, lighter, barge, boat, or wherry, or having been shipped on board the ship or vessel in which the same are intended to be exported, shall be unshipped or relanded therefrom, except by necessity or distress, to he proved to the satisfacftion of the said of of the customs in England, such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs; and the ship or vessel from or cut of which any such goods shall be fraudulently unshipped, and a'so the ship, vefle), lighter, or boat into which any such goods shall be received or taken, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs.

XIV. And whereas the laws now in force, mode to prevent the fraudulent unshipping or relanding of goods, wares, or merchandize, shipped for exportation to foreign parts, have not been found sufficient to answer the good purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient, in order to prevent such illicit practice in future, that where any goods, wares, or merchadize, which have been shipped for exportation to foreign parts, are by the lavas now in force, or by this present aff^ made liable to forfeiture for being unshipped at sea, or landed in the ifands ^/'Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the islands of Faro Where goods or ^errcb or rlanded in this kingdom, that the ship or vessel out of or are liable to from which any goods, vaares, or merchandize, fall be so unshipped, forfeiture for landed, or relanded, should also be Subject and liable to forfeiture: be be*n unship- therefore enacted, That where by this present act, or any other fds also to be or a^s Par^amentn force on or immediately before the liable. thirty-first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 59. 257

nine, any goods, wares, or merchandize which have been shipped in order to be exported to foreign parts, are or shall be liable to forfeiture for or on account of the same being unshipped at sea, or landed in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the islands of Faro or Ferro, or relanded in this kingdom, then, and in such cases, the ship or vessel out of or from which any such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be so unshipped, landed, or relanded, shall be subject and liable to forfeiture, together with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the cu (loins.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no goods, wares, or ^?re'

merchandize whatever, which shall have been lodged or secured ex-

in warehouses according to the regulations of this act, shall af- ported to any terwards be exported, or entered for exportation, to any part of part of Europe, from any such warehouse or warehouses, in any ship or EuPe 'j1 vessel whatever which shall not be of the burthen of one hundred j otonSs tons or upwards. burthenj

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no wrought silks, nor any fe]*zecj Bengals, or stuffs mixed with silk or herba, of the manufacture wrought silks, of Ferfia, China, or East India, nor any callicoes printed, dyed, &c. after being painted, or stained there, which shall have been or shall be seized ^fto^luxife under the authority of any act or acts of parliament relating to in Great

the revenue of customs, shall, after sale thereof at any custom tain, house in Great Britain, be exported, or entered for exportation to any part of Europe, in any ship or vessel which shall not be of the burthen of one hundred tons or upwards.

XVII. Provided always, That when any such goods, wares, Seized goods or merchandize, which have been or shall be so seized, shall be to be exported intended for exportation, and the same shall be in any Port Eonc*ori of Great Britain, other than the port of London, it shall not be lawful to export such goods, wares, or merchandize, from any such port, but that the same shall be removed, according to the laws and regulations now in force to the port of London, and shall be exported from the said port of London only.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Prize goods goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth, production, or ma- the^lik^ nufadure of /; /# or the East Indies, taken and condemned as prize, duties, and shall be subject to such duties, and entitled to such drawbacks, entitled to the as the like forts of goods are reflectively subject and entitled to h^e draw-by this act when imported by the said united company, and shall backs, as

be subject and liable alfp to all and every the additional regular ported by the lations and restrictions enjoined and required by this act; and company are that all goods, wares, and merchandize of the growth, produc- by this act; tion, or manufacture of India or China, or other parts within the ?nd al[?oc*s limits of the exclusive trade of the said united company, im- virtue of any-ported or brought into this kingdom by virtue or under the act in force pa authority of any act or acts of parliament in force on and imme- August 31, diately before the said thirty-first day of August one thousand I 7?9* seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be subject to such duties,

Anno regni

Act not to alter duties payable to the city of London, &c.J

and entitled to such drawbacks, as the like forts of goods, wares, or merchandize, are subject and entitled to by this act when imported by the said united company, and shall be also subject and liable to all and every the additional regulations and restrictions enjoined and required by this act.

XIX. Provided likewise, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or in anywise alter the duties of package, fcavage, balliage, or portage, or any other duties payable to the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, or to the lord mayor of the said city for the time being, or to any other city or town corporate within the kingdom of Great Britain, or to any special privilege or exemption to which any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, is or are now entitled by law, but the same shall be continued as aforesaid.

nor to allow importation into, or exportation from, Great Britain, of any goods contrary to acts in force

nor 38 Geo. 3.

XX. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, or in anywise vary or alter the said recited act of the last session of parliament, during the continuance thereof.

XXI. Provided likewise, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to permit or allow any goods, wares, or merchandize whatever to be imported into, or-exported from Great Britain, in any way or manner contrary to any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the said thirty-first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, except in any case where provision is expressly on August 31, made for that purpose in this adh

-799*

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the duties of customs

Duties to be by this act imposed shall be under the management of the com-na^ement^f" m^10ners of the customs in England for the time being; and the co men if- the monies arising from time to time by the several du-

sioners of cuf-ties by this act imposed (the necessary charges of raising and toms, and to accounting for the same respectively excepted) shall from time the^xche110 to i]me ^nt0 t^'e rece'Pt or" his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster; and the said money, so paid in as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the commissioners of his Majesty's customs, and they are hereby authorised and required, to make such allowance to the persons who are at present employed in the service of the customs, whole incomes shall be reduced by the operation of this act, in lieu of and by way of compensation and satisfaction for the same, as they in their discretion shall judge necessary, and so order or direct; any thing in this present act, or any other act or acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

quer.

Commissioners of the customs may co m pen fate their officers affedfed by this act.

Duties and

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the duties and draw-b^mana^ed0 cu^oms hereby imposed and allowed, shall and may be

as former du- managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, ties and draw- secured, recovered, and allowed in fjach and the like manner backs, &c.*and in and by any and either of the ways, means, and methods*

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 59. 259

so far as the same are applicable to this act, by which any of the duties or drawbacks of customs on goods, wares, or merchandize, imposed and payable by any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this act, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered, and allowed; and the goods wares, or merchandize so by this act made chargeable with the said duties of customs} and on which the drawbacks are allowed, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, to which any goods, wares, or merchandize, upon which any duties or drawbacks of customs are imposed or payable, were subj.edl and liable by any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this act; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, for any offence whatever committed again! or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this act, made for securing the revenue of customs, or for the regulation and improvement thereof, and the several clauses, powers, and directions, therein contained, shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put into execution, for and in respect of the duties or drawbacks of customs hereby charged and allowed, as far as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a manner to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all penalties incur- Penalties may-red by this act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and ifposed and disposed of in such manner, and by such ways, means, and ofastheymay methods, as any penalties incurred for any offence against the now be* laws of customs may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the officer or officers concerned in prosecutions under this act, shall be entitled to and receive such

share of the produce arising from any pecuniary line or penalty, or composition paid for any offence against this act, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit Limitation <?f shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons

for any thing done or performed in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three calendar months next after the fad! committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit may plead the general issue, and may give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for thq defendant or defendants in such action or suit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their action or suit r$ % after

260 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 59. [1798.

after the defendant or defendants hath or have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or Treble costs* plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant hath in any other cases to recover cods by law.

Act may be altered or re-

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act, or any part thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, session thlS bY any act or acts to made in this present session of parliament.

TABLE A.

Duty.

-d-

Arrangoes.  For every ioo/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the publick sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value. - - 539I

Callicoes.  viz.

- Plain white callicoes, the piece - -  6 8

- For such of the said goods which shall be exported

from this kingdom, having been printed, stained, painted, or dyed, therein, the piece

N.B. No piece of callico of the breadth of one yard and one quarter, or under, shall exceed in length ten yards, and no piece of callico above thatbreamh shall exceed fix yards y and if any piece of callico shall exceed those lengths, the same shall be charged according to the respective lengths of ten yards and fix yards for each piece, and shall pay duty for the same in that proportion for any greater or less quantity.

- And besides for every ioo/. of the true and real

value thereof, according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the publick sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value - 20 19 I

- The drawback of the last mentioned fur-

ther duty of 20l. J9A id. to be allowed on the exportation of such of those goods which shall have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in this kingdom, shall be, for every 100l. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the publick sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in th^t proportion for any greater or less value China Ware.  For every 100l. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which

Drawback.

 St d.

20 19 I such

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 59.

Duty.

.: \d.

such goods shall have been sold at the publick sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value - 109 8 6

Cotton Manufactures, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described.  For every 100l. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the publick Tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value 122 4 5

Cowries.  For every 100l. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the publick Tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value - 5391

Di MITY.  viz*

- Plain white dimity, the yard - 2 

- For such of the said goods which shall be exported. from this kingdom, having been printed, stained, painted, or dyed, therein the yard  And besides for every 100l. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the publick sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value - 22 3 6

- The drawback of the last mentioned further duty of 22l. 31. 6d. to be allowed on the exportation of such of those goods, which shall have been printed, staineel, painted, and dyed, in this kingdom, shall be for every 100l. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the publick sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or lets value Drugs, manufactured, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described,  For every 100l. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the publick laics of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value 78 11 5 Drugs, unmanufactured, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described.  For every 100l. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at

5 3

261

Drawback.

i 8

20 3 2

tue

61 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 59. [1798.

Drawback.

10

Duty.

the publick sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value 51 14. I0 jAPANNEDor Lacquered Wares.  For every 100l. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which such such goods shall have been sold at the publick sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value - - - 119

Muslins plain, nanquin cloth, muslins or white callicoes flowered or stitched.  For every 100l. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the publick sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value 19 13 9

- 'For every 100 /. of the true and real value of such

of tire said goods which shall be exported from this kingdom, having been printed, (rained, painted, or dyed therein Sugar.  For every 100l. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the publick sales of the united company, of merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, and in that proportion for any greater or less value --- And besides for every one hundred weight containing H2lb.

Manufactured Goods, wares, and merchandize, not otherwise enumerated or described, not being exempt from duty, and not being particularly charged with duty when imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies.*  For every ico/. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the publick sales of the said company, and in that proportion for any greater or less value - - - 71

Unmanufactured Goods, wares, and merchandize, (except tea), not otherwise enumerated or described, not being exempt from duty, and not being particularly charged with duty when imported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies.  For every 100l. of the true and real value thereof, according to the gross price at which such goods shall have been sold at the publick sales of the said company.

 s- ti-

ll 16 3

1294

4 4

and in

value

that proportion for any greater or less

45

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 60/ 263

CAP. LX.

An act for raisiing the sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities.

[June 21, 1799.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the com-

[Preamble.]

mons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being defrrous to raise the necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this section of parliament, have re-l'olved that the sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds be raised by annuities, in manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every contributor towards Everycontri-raising the said sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand butor ofiool. pounds, shall, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, ^principal be entitled to the principal sum of one hundred pounds, in con- of 100l. and folidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per 25l. in the annum, and to an additional principal sum of twenty-five pounds 3 per cent, in like annuities; and also to a further principal sum of fifty a^rinciptl'of pounds in reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per 50p \n the centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; the said several 3 per cent, consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum reduced, per annum, to commence from the fifth day of fiuly one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and the said reduced annuity, alter the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and that the said consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, and the said reduced annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum respectively, in respect of each one hundred pounds so to be contributed as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of, the consolidated fund, and shall be payable and transfer rable at the bank of England; and the said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, shall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of January and the fifth day of July in every year; and the said reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, shall be paid half-yearly, on the tenth day of October and the fifth day of April in every year.

II. And whereas, pursuant to and upon the terms and conditions expressed in the said resolution, several persons have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpose, fulferibed together the whole of the said sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, to be raised by annultes; and made deposits of ten pounds per centum on the respective Jurns by them so subscribed to the said sum of fifteen millions

c. 4

filU

2, 64

Contributors who have made depohts to pay the remainder of subscriptions'by inltal-jnents.

Contributors possessed of exchequer bills under 38 Geo. 3. c 90. may pay the same in part of subscription, beyond the amount of the instalment dqe.

Guardians ?my subscribe for infants.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 60, [1798.

five hundred thousand pounds, to be raised by annuities, with the cashiers of the governor and company of the bank ^England; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such contributors, who have made such deposits with the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, (which cashier or cashiers, is and are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of such contributions, without any other warrant to be had in that behalf), to advance and pay unto the said cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, the several remainders of the fumsby them respectively subscribed towards the said sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, at or before the respective days and times, and in the proportions herein after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to say), The further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the nineteenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twentieth day of August then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twentieth day of September then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum*on or before the twenty-second day of October then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-second day of November then next following; and the remaining sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twentieth day of December then next following.

III. And be it further enacted, That every contributor to the said loan of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, who shall be possessed of any exchequer bill or bills, made out by virtue of an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned, and for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety'eight; for further appropriating the supplies granted in thisfeffort of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders or or other orders, lojl, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and who shall pay in the whole of the sums by them respectively subscribed, shall be at liberty to payor deliver in, in part of such payments, any of the said exchequer bills, to the extent of such sums as shall then be paid beyond the amount of the instalment due from such persons on the sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said Joan; and all such exchequer bills shall be received in discharge of such parts of the said loan as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any guardian or trustee, having the disposition of the money of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards advancing the said sum of fifteen milions five hundred thousand pounds, to be raised by annuities in manner aforesaid; and such infant, upon the payment of such sum or sums subscribed by such guardian or trustee, shall become a contributor within the njeu.ing of this act, and be -entitled to have and receive the

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 60. 265

annuities, advantages, and payments, in respect thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor; and the said guardian and trustee, as to the said sum or sums so advanced is hereby discharged, so as the name of such infant he expressed in the receipt or receipts for such money.

V. And be it further enacted, That every contributor paying >; fCOunttobe in the whole of the sums by them respectively subscribed in allowed on respect of the said sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand payment of pounds, to be contributed as aforesaid, at any time on or before thj whole of the twenty-first day of November one thousand seven hundred and tionsUinCn^- ninety-nine, shall be entitled to an allowance of so much money advance.

as the interest of each sum so paid in advance for completing his, her, or their contribution respectively shall amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from the day of completing the same, to the twentieth day of 'December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; which allowance is to be paid by the said cashier or caftiiers out of the money to be contributed in pursuance of this act, as soon as such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have completed such payment.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several subscribers or Contributors

contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and to

assigns, in respect of the said sum of fifteen millions five hundred it^est'which11* thousand pounds, shall be entitled to an annuity, after the rate of shall be paid three pounds per centum, for every one hundred pounds by him, half-yearly, her or them respectively advanced and paid; and also to an an- but not till nuity, after the like rate of three pounds per centum, in respect of are

the said additional principal sum of twenty-five pounds, to pkted. commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until redemption by parliament in manner here-in-after mentioned; and shall also be entitled in respeef of every such one hundred pounds so advanced and paid to a further annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, in respect of the additional principal sum of fifty pounds, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until redemption by parliament in manner herein after mentioned; which said respective annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum respectively, shall be payable and paid, half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to say),

The said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of January and the fifth day of Julym every year; and the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the tenth day of October and the fifth day of April in every year; the first payment upon the said consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to be due on the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred, and on the said reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; but shall not be payable until the respective subscribers or contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall have completed the whole of the

As soon as iubscriptions arecompleted they may be transferred.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 60. [1798.

the sums by them subscribed for the purchase of the said annuities.

VII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, 'shall have completed their payments of such part of the whole sum payable by them respectively towards the said sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, as shall be payable in refjped of the several consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to which they respectively shall become entitled, in respect of such subscriptions, the principal sum or sums in the said consolidated annuities shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England., placed to the credit of such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, completing such payments respectively, and as soon as such contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall have completed the payments of such part of the whole sum payable by them respectively towards the said sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, as shall be payable in respect of the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, or any part thereof, the principal sum or sums in the said reduced annuities shall forthwith be in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, completing such payments; and the persons to whose credit such principal sums shall be so placed, their respective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall and may have power to afiigti and transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in the books of the bank ot England; and the said governor and company of the bank of England are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this act, to prepare proper books for the purpose of entering the names of all such contributors, and of placing to their credit the principal sums so paid by them respectively; and that such of the said contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, who shall complete the payments of such parts of the whole sum payable by them respectively, towards the said sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, as shall be payable in respect of any or either of the said respective annuities, at any time before the governor and company of the bank of England shall have prepared their receipts according to the directions of this act, shall be entitled to have the sums so paid forthwith placed to their credit in the books of the bank of England; and the said governor and company are hereby required to cause such sums to be forthwith placed to the credit of the persons entitled to the annuities in respect thereof, in the books of the said bank of England; and such entries in the said books shall be in lieu of the receipts hereby directed to be given for all sums paid in manner aforesaid; and such sums shall carry the consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the said reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 60. 267

centum per Annum, respectively, redeemable by parliament; and shall respectively be taken and deemed to be stock transferable according to the true intent and meaning of this act, until redemption thereof in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Contributors and every such contributor or contributors, his, her, or their ex-

ecutors, administrators, successors, and assigns, who shall have subscriptions paid into the hands of the said cashier or cashiers the whole of as herein spe-his, her, or their contribution money, in respect to the said re- cified, to be duced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum.) on or before the seventh day of October one thousand ta-n, eri0(j*seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be entitled to have and re- 1 ceive on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, at the bank of England, the half year's annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, that shall become due on the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and that all and every person or persons who shall not have completed the whole of their said payments, on or before the said seventh day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall, on completing the same within the time in this act prescribed, be entitled to receive the half-year's annuity, on each of the said several annuities by this act granted, or to be granted, from the fifth day of July and the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, respectively as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

[Annuities

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the annuities aforesaid shall be payable and paid, and be transferable, at the bank payable and of England; and shall be subject to such redemption as is herein- transferrable after mentioned. at the bank-

X. Andy for the more cafy and fare payment of all the several

annuities established by this act, be it further enacted, That Bank to ap-the said governor and company of the bank of England, and P*nt a ca^ier their successors, shall from time to time, until all the said aenewT" annuities shall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more and the trea-sufficient person or persons, within their office in the city of fury to order London, to be their chief or fil'd cashier or cashiers, and one to^e

other sufficient person, within the same office, to be their ac- cashierfor C countant general; and that so much of the monies by this act payment of appropriated for the purpose, as shall be sufficient from time to the annuities, time to answer the said several and respective annuities, and other payments, herein directed to be made out of the said monies,

shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this act appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the said first or chief cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, for the time being, by way of imprest

Cashier to give receipts for subscriptions, which may be aligned before Kov. 21, 1799.

: 6S Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 60.

[1798-0

and upon account* for the payment of the said several and respective annuities payable by virtue of this act; and that such cashier or cashiers, to whom the said money shall from time to time be issued, shall from time to time without delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due course of the exchequer; and that the said accountant general for the time being, shall from time to time inspect and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, who shall have received, or shall receive, any part of the said contributions towards the said sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall give a receipt or receipts in writing to every such contributor for all such sums; and that the receipts to be given shall be assignable, by indorsement thereupon made, at any time before the twenty-first day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer: provided always,

Cashier to give That such cashier or cashiers shall give security to the good security for liking of any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, mone^he^e or treasurer for the time being, for duly answering and

ceives into the PaTnglnro receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for the pub-exchequer. lick use, all the monies which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the said sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in them reposed, and shall from time to time pay all such monies as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the farthest, into and shall account for the same in the exchequer, according to the due course thereof, deducting the reout such sums as shall have been paid by hitn or them in pursuance of this act, for which sums so paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

XII. And be it enacted, That in the office of the accountant general of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, a book or books shall be provided and kept, in which the names of the contributors shall be fairly entered \

contri- which book or books the said respective contributors, their re-a cfiirlic^teCS> ^Pe<*ve executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall whereof to be ar, d ma7 from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort to transmitted tc and inspect without any fee or charge; and that the said ac-the auditor countant general shall, on or before the fifth day of July one of the exche- thousanc[ eight hundred, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or books into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That such contributors, duly paying the whole sum so subscribed at or before the respective times in this act limited in that behalf, and their respective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have, receive,

and

A bock to be kept in the accountant general's office, for en-terin

quer.

Contributors duly paying their subserip tions entitled to annuities tax free.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6. 269

and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this act, to have, receive, and enjoy, the said several annuities, by this act granted in respect of the sum so subscribed, out of the monies granted and appropriated in this session of parliament for payment thereof, and shall have good and fare interests and estates therein, according to the several provisions in this act contained, and that the said several annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever.

XIV. Provided always, That in case any such contributors, who Subscriptions-

have already deposited with, or shall hereafter pay to the said pa*d m

n- r r r c r, y..*and not com-

cashier or calbiers any sum or sums of money at the time and in p]etecj, to be

the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the sum or sums forfeited, so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective executors, admin; strators, successors, or assigns, shall not advance and pay to the said cashier or cashiers, the residue of the sum or sums so subscribed at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every such case so much of the respective sum or sums so subscribed, as shall have been actually paid in part thereof to the said cashier or cashiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the said annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum respectively, in respect thereof, shall be extinguished; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all persons who shall be Annuities to entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in respect of the be deemed said sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and

all persons lawfully claiming under them, dial) be possessed thereof as of a personal eslate, which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise; any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Treasury may lawful for three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or ^ppty

the high treasurer for the time being, to issue and apply from "h/exche-  time to time all such sums of money as shall be so paid into the quer. receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the said cashier or cashiers, to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this present session of parliament.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That books shall be con- Accountant flantly kept by the said accountant general for the time being, ?ener^wherein all assignments or transfers of all sums advanced or entering contributed towards the said sum of fifteen millions five hundred transfers, thousand pounds, shall be entered and registered; which entry

shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers, or if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attorneys thereunto lawfully authorised, in writing under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance

Treasury may defray incidental expences out of contributions, and allow salaries to the cashier and accountant general.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6b.

[1798.

thereof, and that no other method of assigning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law: provided always. Stocks may be That all persons possessed of any share or interest in either of evi ed. the said hocks of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may

devise the same by will in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses; but that no payment shall be made upon any such devise, until so much of the said will as relates to such share, estate, or interest, in the said stocks of annuities be entered in the said office; and that in default of such transfer or devise, such share, estate, or interest, in the said stocks of annuities, shall go to the executors, administrators, successors, and assigns; Transfers not and that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of duties"0 ^ami)alC* trans^ers > any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That out of the monies arising from the contributions towards raising the said sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds by annuities, any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall have power to discharge all such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and also to settle and appoint such allowances as shall be thought proper for the service, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said contributions; and also shall have power to make, out of the consolidated fund, such further allowances as shall be judged reasonable for the service, pains and labour of the said cashier or cashiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this act; and also for the service, pains, and labour of the said accountant general, for performing the trust reposed in him by this act; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to ^dtei*Cthisaa w^ch any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of to be added to this act, in respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards the joint (lock the said sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, of 3l. per cent. on which the said annuities first mentioned, after the rate of confols.; three pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending, shall be

added to the joint stock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, into which the several sums carrying an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were by several acts made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-second, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent acts, consolidated, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner, and upon such notice as in the said act made in the

The 3l. per cent, confols.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 60. 271

twenty-fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign, is directed in respect of the several and respective annuities redeemable by virtue of the said act; and that all and every person and persons and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, (lie, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interefi: and share in the said joint dock of annuities at the rates a fore said.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all thp monies to The 3l. per which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of ^dedto this act, in respectl of any sum advanced or contributed towards the joint (lock the said sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, of 3l. per cent, on which the said annuity lafi mentioned, after the rate of three reduced, pound per centum per annum, shall be attending, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities transferrable at the bank of England, which by an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, were reduced from four pounds per centum per annum, to three pounds per centum per annum, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subjectl nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the several acts by which the said annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were reflectively granted, are directed in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof, and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities at the rate aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Persons coun-(bns shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged ceipts for Conor counterfeited, or shall willingly acfl or assist in the forging or tributions, &c. counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for the whole of, or any guilty of part or parts of, the said contributions towards the said sum of felony, fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, either with or without the name or names of any person or persons being inferred therein, as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or shall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publish, as true, any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, every such person or persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acfling or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fufter death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Bank to con-said governor and company of the bank of England, and their t, nu^.a

'successors, porat, ontll!

h; tec. 1

2JZ

the annuities'hereby granted cease.

No fee to be taken for receiving contributions, cr paying or transferring annuities, on penalty of 20l.

The treasury may before Dec. 20, 1799, raise three millions by exchequer bills on credit of loan, tobe madeout agreeably to 39 Geo. 3. c. 2. and ligned by the auditor.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 60. [1798.

successors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their own funds, in pursuance of the acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of this act, until all the annuities by this act granted shall be redeemed by parliament as aforesaid; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's subjects, for receiving or paying the said subscription or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt concerning the same, or for paying the said annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this act, upon pain that any officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them now or for the time being, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall judge it adviseable to raise any sum not exceeding the sum of three millions, at any time previous to the twentieth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, on the credit of the loan hereby granted, it shall and may be lawful for the said of and lord high treasurer respectively, at any time or times before the said twentieth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to prepare or make, or cause to be prepared or made, at the ex. chequer, any number of new exchequer bills, not exceeding in exchequer bills current at the same time, the sum of three millions, in the same or like manner, form, and order, and according to the same or like rules and directions, (except where other directions for making out the same are contained and particularly expressed in this act), as in and by an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum^ cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, are enacted and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of the said act: provided always, That every such exchequer bill shall and may be signed by the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, or in his name, by any person duly authorised by the said auditor to sign the same, with the approbation of the lords of of the treasury, in writing under their hands, or of any three or more of them.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 60. 273

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers of clauses, provisoes, powers, privilegeis, advantages, penalties, for- 39^0.3.e.a. feitures, and disabilities contained in the said last mentioned act, chequed bills" relating to the exchequer bills authorised to be made by the said extended to act, (except as herein mentioned), shall be applied and extended those made

to the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of this act, as under this act. fully and effectually to all intents and purposes* as if the same exchequer bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said several provisoes and clauses had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the exchequer bills Exchequer to be made out in pursuance of this act shall and may bear anan^ntereft1* interest not exceeding the rate of three-pence halfpenny per cen- not exceeding turn per diem upon or in respect of the whole of the monies re- -^d, percent, spectively contained therein, and that all such exchequer bills per diem, and shall be receiveable as money in payment for any publick taxes, three months to the receipt of any branch of the revenue at any time after the ^received in expiration of three months from the date of every such bill re- payment of spectively, and shall also be receivable as money in any iqftal- taxes, of any ment of the loan hereby granted, which shall become payable instalment of after the expiration of three months from the date of every such the oan*

bill respectively, and that no exchequer bills shall be issued on the whale, receivable in any one instalment, to a greater amount than the sum which shall remain, due on account of such instalment at the time of the issue of any such exchequer bill respectively.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the The bank to said exchequer bills to be made forth by virtue of this act, when

and as the same shall become payable, shall and may be received reiving ex^" and taken by the said cashier or caftiiers at the bank of England, chequer bills from any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, in payment of making any payments there, for or upon account of any part the said sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds; f"m^with the and the said caftiier or cashiers shall, upon receipt of any such principal, exchequer bills in payment as aforesaid, compute and mark the interest due on such bills respectively, and the amount of the principal contained in such bills, and the interest computed and marked^thereon as aforesaid, and shall allow and receive the same as ready money, and shall pay the same into the receipt of the exchequer as cash on account of the said sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, to be raised by virtue of this act; and in case any such cashier or cashiers shall refuse or neg-left to receive any such bill or bills, and to allow the principal and interest thereupon, to be computed and marked as aforesaid, as ready money, in payment on account of the said sum of fifteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, then the person delivering the same may bring an act ion on the case for the damages sustained thereby; and the plaintiff in every such action may recover his full damages sustained thereby, with full costs of suit, in which action no essoin, privilege, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

274 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 61. [1798.

Exchequer

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it farther enabled, That no be receivedb exc^eclaer hill to he r made forth by virtue of this act, shall be any receiver Pa*d, received, or taken by, or pass or be current with, any col-of the reve- le<3or or receiver of any revenue, aid, supply, or tax whatever, nue, till in payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or at the receipt * Pay- of the exchequer, from any such receiver or collector, or from any other person or persons, bodies politick or corpoate, (other-wife or on any other account than for the discharging and cancelling of such exchequer bill, in case the same shall be in due course or order of payment), nor shall any action be maintained against any such collector or receiver, for neglecting or refusing to receive any such exchequer bill, nor against any officer of the receipt of the exchequer, for neglecting or refusing to receive the same before the day on which the same shall be made payable in pursuance of this act.

Persons sued^e

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or ^neraUffue.6 Per ns shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this aeft, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give ihis a6\ and the special matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise. Treble costs. then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs award-- ed to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs,

CAP. LXI.

An act to repeal the duty granted by an act of the la ft session of par-It ament on raw linen yarn, the produce of the territories of the king p/Trussia, and imported directly from thence into this kingdom; and for charging another duty in lieu thereof.

[June 21, 1799.]

[Preamble,

WHEREAS by an act passed in the last session of parliament,

38 Geo. 3. c. 76, recited,

intituled An act for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom, and for granting new and additional duties of customs on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of certain ships entering outwards or inwards, to or from foreign parts, until the signing the preliminary articles of peace; amongst other things, a duty of three shillings the hundred pounds is imposed on the importation of raiv linen yarn: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the said duty on raw linen yarn, known by the names fl/'Ermland Yarn, Lithuania Yarn, and Tow Yarn, being the production of <jny of the territories or dominions of his majesty the king of Prussia, and imported into this kingdom directly from any part of the said territories or dominions; and to impose in lieu thereof a duty of three pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of such raw linen yarn so imported: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirkual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 62. 275

and after the twentieth day of May one thousand seven hundred From May ao, and ninety-nine, the duty imposed by the said recited act on rawimposed linen yarn, known by the names of Ermland Tarh, Lithuatiia the recited Yarn, and Yow Yarn, being the production of any of the territories act on raw or dominions of his majesty the king of Prussia, and imported into }, nen yarn this kingdom directly from any part of the said territories or do- ^e^nt0 minions, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, save and ex- peaiea| cept in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any tirne before the passing of this act).

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said a^d instead twentieth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety- {^alUie \evied nine, in lieu and in stead of the said duty hereby repealed, there 3j, for every shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his iool. of the heirs and successors, in ready money, without any discount what- value of the ever, upon the importation of such raw linen yarn, being the pro- import-dudion of any of the territories or dominions of his majesty the king of Prussia, and imported into this kingdom directly from any part of the said territories or dominions, a duty of customs of three pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of such raw linen yarn so imported.

III. And be it further enacted, That the value of such raw ^afclrta^ed linen yarn so imported, shall be ascertained by such rules and regu- by the regulations, and the goods shall be subject and liable to such and the like lations, and conditions, restrictions, forfeitures, and penalties, as are prescribed, the goods to directed, and imposed, by the said recited act in the case of goods j?h/comotions imported into this kingdom from Europe, and thereby subject to prescribed by duty according to the value thereof; and that the duties by this the recited act in>posed shall be managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, ad, See. paid, secured, recovered, appropriated, and applied, in such and the like manner, and in and by the like ways, means, or methods, as the duties of customs imposed on goods imported into this kingdom from Europe, and which are subject to duty according to the value thereof, are by the said recited act managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered, appropriated, and applied.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall have con- Continuance tinuance during such time as the said recited act shall remain in of the ad. force, and no longer.

CAP. LXII.

An act to amend an act made in the thirtyseventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, and two acts made in the la ft session of parliament, for raising a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

[June 21, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty,

[37 Geo. 3.

intituled An act to raise and embody a militia force in that p^rt of the kingdom of Great0, io3* Britain, called Scotland, his Majestfs lieutenant for each county,

stewartry, city, or place, within Scotland, was author fed, in manner

276 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 62. [1798.

therein directed, to cause fair and true UJis to be made out in writing of all the men vfually and at that time dwelling within their respective parishes and places, between the ages of nineteen and twenty-three inclusive; from which lifts, amended and returned as by the aforesaid act directed, the fevered regiments of militia now serving Scotland have fuice been ballotted and embodied: and whereas the original lifts are in several places exhaujled, and in others reduced to so ftnail a number as to bear hard upon such parishes and places\ and it is expedient and jujl that such perj'ons as have fmee attained their nineteenth year should have their names included in the lifts of persons liable to serve in the militia; and it has been found from experience that the aforesaid period is too limited; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia- I-tis Majesty's ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That his Ma-lieutenant, jesty's lieutenant for each county, stewartry, city, or place, toge-with tjoor ther with any two or more deputy lieutenants, and on the death lieutenants/ or removal, or in the absence of his Majesty's lieutenant, the &c. to meet deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, shall, on the on Aug. 1, ^first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, r^Hibto^e meet at t^le same borough or principal town of the county, stew-made out of artry, or place, where they hitherto have usually-met for the pur-men from 19 poles of the militia and shall in like manner and form, as to 30 years of directed by the aforesaid axft, proceed to issue directions for mak-

nam^rfo^be^ OUt ^air anc* truen wr^n of ah the men usually and putintoabox at*that time dwelling within their respective parffhes and places, in which the from and after the age of nineteen years complete, and not exceeding the age of thirty years complete, and such lifts, being afterwards amended as the case may require, and in the same mode and under the/ame regulations as is by the aforesaid act prescribed, the said lieutenant, or, failing of him, any three or more deputy lieutenants, together, with any one or more justices of the'peace lawfully assembled in a general meeting to be held for that purpose, shall declare the said lift so made up and amended to be the lift of persons liable to serve in the militia, and shall cause the names of all the militia men in each parish, written or printed on dif-tinest pieces of paper, being all as near as may be of equal ftze, and rolled up in the same manner, to be put into the box or other vessel, in which the names of all persons at present liable to serve in the militia have been included, there to remain until a fresh ballot shall take place in such parish or place, as prescribed and directed by the aforesaid act.

II. And whereas it may sometimes happen, that persons alledged to be liable, in pursuance of this present act, to serve in the militia, but entitled, on account of age or other special ground of exemption, to have their names Jlruck out of the militia lift, may, from ignorance or excusable neglect, fail 10 come forward in due time to fate the same to' the subdivision meeting appointed for amending and making up such lifts, and thereby become liable to serve in the militia, provide a sub-ignoranc^not J^liute-> or pay the penalty, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for claiming ex- such persons failing or neglecting as aforesaid, within three calendar

names of the persons at present liable to serve are included, till a fresh ballot shall take place.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 62. 277

lendar months from the day on which such subdivision meeting emption as aforesaid has been held, to (late by petition such cause or exemption to a general meeting of lieutenants and justices of the may within*county, stewartry, city, or place, who are hereby authorised and three months, empowered, if they shall see cause, to order the name of such apply to a ge-person to be struck out of the militia lift, and his name to be taken out of the ballot box: provided always, That the said lieu- ^erth^fry or" tenants or justices, assembled as aforesaid, shall be empowered, names to be and they are hereby authorised and empowered, at the same struck out of time that they shall allow such cause of exemption, to impose tIie^ebut and levy from such person such fine as they may judge, upon the whole circumstance of the case, adequate to the neglect: of the individual, such fine in no case to exceed the sum of ten pounds sterling; which sum the said general meeting are hereby authorised and directed to apply to the purpose of providing substitutes, in like manner as they are directed by this and the other militia acts to apply the penalties of persons ballotted, but reefing to serve or provide a substitute: provided al so, That no such person shall have his name struck out of the said lift, or taken from the ballot box, until he shall have paid into the hands of the clerk of the said meeting the fine awarded against him.

III. And whereas it has been found from experience, that the penalty of ten pounds ferling, directed to be paid by persons ballotted, but refusing to serve, or to find fubfilutes in their room, has proved insufficient to enable the deputy lieutenants to provide substitutes for them, and doubts have arisen in that case as to the mode of applying and accounting for the said penalties', be it therefore enacted, That the The general said lieutenant, deputy lieutenants, and justices, assembled in a the^r general meeting held in pursuance of this or any other ad or clerk to make acts now in force respecting the militia, shall order the clerk of up an account the said meeting to make up an account of all the penalties in- * curred within the said county, stewartry, city, or place, and shall ^ou^eto b<f direct the amount of the same to be forthwith, and as quickly applied in as possible, applied in providing (so far as it will go), substitutes providing to serve in the militia; and where the total amount of such substitutes $ penalties shall be found inadequate to the purpose of providing the full number of substitutes required, it shall be lawful for the provide the said general meeting, and they are hereby authorised and em- the whole, powered to allot the said substitutes so provided to the several they shall allot deficient parishes from which the aforesaid penalties arise, as far ed^n^dhed as possible, and that either by ballotting which of the said parishes a ballot by shall be relieved by the allotment of the said substitutes, or in the parishes such other mode as shall appear to the said general meeting just they shall de-and equitable, and best calculated for laying the burthen of pro- clare hab.le

td* the Ckfi-

viding the remaining number or men it til deficient as equally as cicllCy. possible over the said parishes, and shall proceed to order and di-retft a ballot to be held in the same manner and form as preferred-by the said acts, by such parishes as they shall declare or appoint to remain still liable to make good the deficiencies: provided always, That the commanding officers of the respective Commanding regiments of militia shall be, and they are hereby empowered, at utjaregiments the end of every three months from and after the fil'd day of may every

t3 Augitfl

21

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 62. [1798.

ing deficient men, which shall be held within ten days.

three months, August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, if necessary, n^alrorsub- to reclaire^ by written notice sent to the clerk of the general division meet- meetings for each county, stewartry, city* or place, furnishing ing to be call- militia men to such regiment, a general or subdivision meeting forsupply- to be called and held, as the case may render necessary, for the purpose of supplying the number of men still deficient, from such county, stewartry, city, or place, and the said lieutenant, deputy lieutenants, or justices, shall, and they are hereby required, within ten days after the receipt of such notice to hold such general or subdivision meeting for the purpose aforesaid, in order that the full number of militia due by such county, stewartry, city, or place, may be furnished to the said regiment as speedily as possible.

IV. And whereas by the said act passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, it is enacted, That every, per fori chosen by ballot according to the direct =ions of the said act (not being one of the people called Quakers) reffing or neglecting to appear to take the oath and serve in the militia, or to provide a substitute, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds sterling, and whenever any ballot shall take place in the same paris) or place, be liable to serve again or provide a substitute^ and in default of payment of such penalty, or for want of fujfcieni effects where-on to levy the famey the name of such person shall be entered upon the roll for which he was ballot! edy and he shall be compelled to serve in like manner as any other person who should be then ballotted for would be compellable to serve, and shall be subject to the same punishments for afterwards absconding or defer ting, as he would have been subject to in case he had appeared and been duly sworn and enrolled as a militia man: be it enacted, That whenever any such person shall have his name drawn a second time on any ballot, it shall be in his power in place of serving personally or providing a substitute, on payment of a further penalty of five pounds sterling, to have his name struck out of the lift of militia men altogether, and be for ever relieved from serving in the militia; which further penalty shall be recovered and applied by the lord lieutenant, deputy lieutenants, and justices, in like manner as all other penalties are directed to be recovered and applied by the present or any other act of parliament relative to the militia.

V. And whereas it has in some infiances been the pr a ft ice of the dc-militia men to puty lieutenants, or other persons authorised by the lord lieutenant, to attend, to ex- indulge the several militia men ballotted to serve with a longer U, ve of i^tL^ from akfefice t^an 75 }}ectssary\ be it therefore enacted, That from and the ball ot^nft a^ter^Puffing of this act, no notice served upon any militia man ballotted as aforesaid to attend at the time and place specified in the said order, as directed by the acts now in force relative to the militia, shall extend beyond fourteen days from the date of such bailot; and all militia men failing to attend at such time and place so specified, shall, over and above the other pains and maybefeized penalties already imposed in such cases, forfeit the pay due from as deserters. the day of their being so ballotted till the day on which they shall

Quakers drawn a second time by bailot, on payment of a further penalty of 5l. may be for ever relieved from ftrving in the militia.

No notices to

all men failing to attend, to forfeit their pay till joining the regiment, and

Clerk of the meeting to send to the commanding officer the

actually join the regiment to which they belong, and be liable to be seized and punished as deserters: provided also, That the clerk of such general or subdivision meeting, at which such men shall have been ballotted, shall forthwith transmit to the commanding

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 62. 279

manding officer of the regiment for which any militia man is names of the

ballotted to serve, a note of the name of each militia man* the

day on which he has been ballotted* and that on which he has rfrg'iment, &c.

been ordered to attend; and every clerk refusing or wilfully on penalty of

neglecting to transmit such notice as aforesaid, shall be liable to 20b

a penalty of twenty pounds sterling, to be recovered in like manner as any other penalties are directed to be recovered by the said recited act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all allowances for the Allowances to trouble of any schoolmaster, constable, clerk, or other officer employed in the execution of the militia acts, shall, besides being othe5rg em. previously certified by the sheriff, deputy lieutenants, or lieute- ployed in the nant of the county or stewartry, as directed by the acts now in execution of force, be submitted to the confederation of the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, who are hereby authorised and empow- submitted to ered to restrict these claims to such sums as they shall think rea- the barons, of sonable, and to grant a warrant for payment thereof out of the exchequer in revenues of land tax, assessed taxes, or consolidated duties of Scotland, who customs and excise, or any of them, which they shall think most warrant for* proper to apply to this service. payment.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when any militia man, when any volunteer, or substitute, furnished and approved by any general militia man or district meeting of lieutenancy, shall appear to the command- shall appear ing officer of the regiment in which he is called upon to serve,

unfit, from infirmity, size, or other sufficient cause, to serve as fice^ of the a militia man, it shall be lawful for the said commanding officer, regiment unfit with the approbation in writing of the general or commanding to serve, he officer of the military distridfc within which such regiment shall maY> t^e happen to be stationed, to reject or discharge such person as tiofit Gf the corn-to carry arms in the militia, and upon transmitting notice of the manding offi-discharge, with a copy of the approbation of the general or com- cep of the dif-manding officer aforesaid, to the deputy lieutenants of the parish or district from which the said militia man, volunteer, or sub- ot^gr ^a'jj 5^ stitute, (H2H have been furniftied, the deputy lieutenants shall chosen by forthwith cause another person, able and fit for service, to be bailot, chosen by ballot in place of the person discharged as aforesaid.

VIII. And whereas an act tuns made in the present session of parliament, intituled An act for exempting, during the present war, 39 Geo. 3. persons serving in volunteer corps and associations from beingc* 35* ballotted for the militia, under certain conditions: and whereas it is expedient and necessary that the said act should extend to all persons serving in volunteer corps and associations in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; be it enacted, That every person in- Persons inroll rolied, or to be inrclied, and serving in any volunteer corps, orn volun-any corps or body of men aflaciated for the defence of any city, artbci^oBS* town, or place, and for maintaining publick tranquillity and in Scotland, good order within the same, whether of infantry or cavalry, in not liable to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which now are, or shall ^ve or pro* be raised in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament, shall be titute the exempt from being liable to serve personally in the said militia, miUtia. or to provide a lubllitute; and that all the powers, regulations,

z8o

Copy of muster roll of persons now serving, to be transmitted to the county lieutenant on or before Aug. j, 1799.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 63. [1798.

conditions, and restricticms in the aforesaid act contained, shall extend to all such volunteer corps or associations in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act: provided always, That the copy of the muster roll of the persons now enrolled and serving in any such corps or associations may and shall be transmitted to the lieutenant of the county on or before the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; anything in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on sugar imported anj exported, and on coffee exported; and for reducing the drawbacks now allowed on the exportation of sugar.

[July 1, 1799.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional duties of customs herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament The follow- assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be ^uties^ofeuf^ ra*ec^ levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his toms to be* Majesty, his heirs and successors, overand above the duties now paid on sugar. payable by law, the following additional duties of customs, to be paid in ready money, without any discount or abatement whatever; that is to say,

Duties. For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve

pounds, of brown and Muscovado sugar of the British plantation?, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or which shall have been so imported, after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the lum of eight-pence; and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity:

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, of brown and Muscovado sugar, which shall be sold at the Tales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, after the twenty-fourth day of June one t'hou-sand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the furn of eight-pence; and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity:

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, of white or clayed sugar of the British plantations, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or which shall

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 63. 281

have been so imported, after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the sum of four shillings and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity:

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, of sugar not of the British plantations, which shall have been or shall be imported into Great Britain, and warehoused according to law, upon the delivery thereof, after the twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, out of or from the warehouse or warehouses in which the same shall have been deposited for exportation from Great Britain, the sum of two shillings and sixpence3 and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity:

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, of sugar, which shall have been or shall be imported into Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and warehoused according to law, and -" sold at the sales of the said company, after the twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and.ninety-nine, upon the delivery thereof out of or from the warehouse or warehouses in which the same shall have been deposited for exportation from Great Britain, the sum of Ax shillings and sixpence 3 and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity:

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, of coffee, which shall have been or shall be imported into Great Britain, and warehoused according to law, upon the delivery thereof, after the twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, (out of or from the warehouse or warehouses in which the same shall have been depoAted) for exportation from Great Britain^ the sum of four shillings 3 and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several duties hereby duties on fu-granted on sugar imported by the united company of merchants

of England trading to the East Indies, shall be levied, collected, India com-and paid, notwithstanding any provision or any matter or thing pany to be contained- in an act passed in this- present session of parliament, paid notwith* for permitting goods imported by the said company to be ware-housed., c?59.

III. And whereas it is expedient, under the present circumstances, that the drawbacks and bounties now payable by law on the exportation

of sugar should be reduced 3 be it therefore further enacted, That, From certain from and after the twentieth day of June one thousand seven draw hundred and ninety-nine, of the drawbacks now allowed by law backs on ex^ to the exporter or exporters, on the exportation from Great portation of Britain of any sugar in the same (late in which it was imported sugar to cease, from foreign parts, two shillings- and sixpence for each and every hundred weight of such sugar, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable: that, from and after the twenty-fourth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine of the drawbacks or bounties now allowed by law to the exporter or exporters^ on the exportation from Great Britain of any refined

Drawback on sugar exported to Ireland in the state imported into Great Britain not to be reduced.

Duties to be under the management of the com-nrifiioners of cultoms.

Duties to be managed, as the duties of customs impeded by any act prior to the passing this act.

282 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 63. [1798.

sugar called Bajfards, or any ground or powdered sugar, or refined loaf sugar, broken in pieces, or sugar called Candy, two shillings and sixpence for each and every hundred weight of such sugar, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable: and that, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the drawbacks or bounties now allowed by law to the exporter or exporters, on the exportation from Great Britain of any 6ther refined sugar, four shillings for each and every hundred weight of such sugar, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable: provided } always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to reduce the drawback now allowed by law on sugar exported to Ireland, in the same state in which it was imported into Great Britain from foreign parts.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such of the duties by this act imposed, as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the management of the commissioners of the customs in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the management of the commissioners of the customs in Scotland for the time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That the duties hereby imposed shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, and recovered, in such and the like manner, and in and by any and either of the ways, means, or methods, by which any of the duties of customs on goods, wares, or merchandize, imposed and payable by an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, or by any other act or acts of parliament in force on or immediately before the pasting of this act, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, and recovered; and the goods, wares, and merchandize, so by this act made chargeable with the said duties, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, to which any goods, wares, or merchandize, upon which any duties of customs are imposed and payable, were subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in force on or immediately before the pasting of this act; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, for any offence whatever, committed against or in breach of.-any act or acts of parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this act, made for securing the revenue of customs, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the several clauses, powers, and directions, therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared ro extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution, for and in respect of the duties hereby charged, as far as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 63. 283

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pafll Appropria-ing of this act, out of the monies arising from the rates ancltlon duties, duties upon sugar imported into Great Britain, the sum of eighteen thousand five hundred pounds, being the fourth part of the

sum of seventy-four thousand pounds, the average amount for the last three years of the drawbacks and bounties on sugar exported hereby repealed, shall quarterly, on the tenth day of October, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils and the fifth day of July in every year during the period of ten years, be set apart from the monies arising from the rates and duties upon sugar imported into Great Britain; and the said sum of seventy-four thousand pounds, together with the duties hereby granted on sugar imported or delivered from the warehouse, and on coffee exported, shall, during the said period of ten years, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue, and shall be carried to, and made part of, the.consolidated fund; and the said sum of seventy-four thousand pounds, together with the said duties, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the encreased charge occasioned by any loan to be made by virtue of any act or acts to be passed in this session of parliament; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books in which the said sum of seventy-four thousand pounds, and the said duties hereby granted, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates or duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

VII. And whereas an act was passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty,

[32 Geo. 3.

intituled An act for regulating the allowance of the drawback, and payment of the bounty, on the c. 43. anda&s

exportation of sugar; and for permitting the importation of sugar

and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands, in foreign Chips;9

amongst other things for regulating the allowance of the drawback, and payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar: and whereas other acts were passed in the thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending the said act, which last mentioned acts have been continued till the end of the present session of parliament: and whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said first recited act, as relates to the ascertaining the

average price of sugar, and of regulating the drawback and bounty on and f0 much

the exportation of sugar by such average, be it further enacted, of the first

That, from and after the passing of this act, the said first recited a<^> as relates

act, so far as the same relates to the ascertaining the average price of sugar in the manner therein mentioned, or of regulating average price the allowance of drawback, or the payment of bounty on the of sugar, or exportation of sugar from this kingdom, shall be, and the same regulating the is hereby repealed.

284 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 64, 65. [1798.

The bounty

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the bounty tiotf of^ftned Paya^e on exportation of all refined sugar produced from Muscovado Muscovado sugar of the Britifth plantations in America, shall be sugar to be paid and allowed on all sugar which shall be shipped or laden on

paid on all board any ship or ships, or waterborn, with intent to be shipped

wat^rbor^to orac*en on barc* any or shipsn Great Britain, between be shipt, be-^day Pa(hng this act, and the twenty-fourth day of July tween passing one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, this act, and

July 24, 1799.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds* to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the comnulfioners for the reduction of the national debt.

[July 1, 1799.]

CAP. LXV.

An act for allowing, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and five, a further bounty upon pilchards exported; and for amending an act made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for transferring the management of the salt duties to the commijfmers of excise.

[July 1, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

31 Geo. 3. c. 45.

37 Geo. 4. c. 94.

38 Geo. 3. c. 89.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the thirty-first year of his present Majesty's reign, for the encouragement of the pilchard fifth cry, an additional bounty of one ftjrilling and sixpence was allowed for every caftk or vessel of pilchards, containing fifty galions, which should be exported between the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; which bounty was further continued by an other act, of the thirty seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, for the further term of seven years, from the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred. and ninety-eight: and whereas in the act made in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, for transferring the management of the salt duties to the commissioners of excise, and for repealing the duties on salt, and the drawbacks, allowances, and bounties, paid thereout, and for granting other duties, drawbacks, allowances, and bounties thereon, provison was not ? made for the said bounty of one shilling and sixpence \ and it is expedient to grant such additional bounty as is herein after mentioned: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament For every calk assembled, and by the authority of the same, That for every containing o ca3^ or ve^ pilchards, containing fifty galions, which has galions, ex- been duly exported from Great Britain to parts beyond the seas, ported from since the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and Great Britain, ninety-eight, or which shall hereafter be so exported, until and born October Upon t^e twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred June 24, 1805, an(l and for 2nd in respect whereof the person or persons and entitled exporting

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 65. 2S5

exporting the same shall be entitled to the bounty of seven (hil- to the bounty lings, under or by virtue of the said act of the thirty-eighth year 7s- anad* of his present Majesty's reign, an additional bounty of one (hil- bounty of ling and sixpence shall be paid and payable to such person and I8. 6d. persons so entitled to the said bounty of seven shillings, at such times, in such manner, by such person and persons, and out of such monies, as the said bounty of seven shillings is by the said last mentioned act directed to be paid.

II. And whereas it may sometimes he convenient that pilchards should be shipped and exported directly to the British West India islands and the Mediterranean in casks of thirty-two gallons; and it is expedient to allow a bounty in due proportion. to the present bounties, on such pilchards so exported, for all such pilchards so flipped and exported;

be it therefore enacted, That for all pilchards which shall be Pr pilchards duly shipped and exported directly to any of the British West the

India istands, or to any port or place in the Mediterranean, in British West casks of thirty-two gallons or upwards, there shall be allowed a Indies, or the bounty in due proportion to the several bounties now payable, Mediterrane-and which by this act may become payable, for or in respect of 2^1 ions

pilchards exported from Great Britain, in casks containing fifty or upwards, a gallons; any thing in this or any other act or acts of parliament bounty to be to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: provided always, paid in pro-That no such bounty shall be paid or allowed, unless all and fhofeexport* singular the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, by ecj in casks any former law established, for or in respect of fish-exported in containing 50 order to obtain the bounty, shall have been fully complied with, galions;

III. And whereas it has been a practice to export pilchards, in some inflames, in casks commonly called Pilchard Hogsheads, containing less than fifty galions; and it might be inconvenient^ in such cases, to withhold the bounty in proportion to the quantity of fish which has been exported, or which may be exported before the first day of June

one thousand eight hundred; be it therefore enacted, That for all as also for ah pilchards which, since the said tenth day of October one thousand PQ^t^j*e5ii seven hundred and ninety-eight, have been duly exported from chard hogi- " Great Britain to parts beyond the seas, in calks commonly called heads, from Pilchard Hogsheads, or which, at any time on or before the first: October 10, day of June one thousand eight hundred, shall be so exported in ^une

such casks, a bounty shall be allowed in proportion to the several bounties now payable, or which by this act may become payable, for or in respect of pilchards exported from Great Britain, in casks containing fifty galions; any thing in this act or any other act or acts of parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas it has been the practice to allow pilchards and \ other fish to be exported upon bounty from ports and places not being lawful quays, and it is expedient to continue such practice, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for The commit-the commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, to allow ^emiyallow pilchards and other fish to be exported, for the purpose of ob- fish to be ex- tabling the bounty, from such convenient port or place as they ported from

(had anyplace.

38 Geo. 3. c. 89. f, 68,

When the warehouse from which salt is to be delivered for curing fish is distant from the port of shipping, and is intended to be carried down any river thereto, bond, as herein specified, to be given instead of the security directed by 38 Geo. 3. c. 89.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 65. [1798.

shall deem proper; any thing in this or any other act or acts of parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding,

V. And whereas by the said act of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majestfs reign, it was enabled. That before any such salt as is in that behalf in the said act mentioned shoidd be delivered free of duty, for the purpose of curing or preserving fish, the maker or makers, or refiner or refiners thereof or proprietor or proprietors of the salt work from whence the fame was to be so delivered, or the merchant or merchants for whose account or cn whose order the same should be delivered, should give sufficient bond or security as is in the said act was in that behalf dire fed that all such salt and every part thereof should (the danger of enemies only excepted) be duly delivered into the custody and possession of the fish curer or fish curers for or to whom the same was to be consigned or sent; and that no part of such Jalt should, before the same fhotdd be so delivered into the custody or possession of such fifi.; curer or fish curers as aforesaid, he fold or delivered for home trade or consumption, or otherwise fraudulently clifposed of in Great Britain: and whereas the salt works at which salt is made, and the entered warehouses or storehouses or lofts in that behalf mentioned in the said act, and from vihich such salt is by the said act authorised to be delivered to be used and employed for the purpose of curing or preserving fish, are sometimes ftuated at a distance from the sea coast and from the port at ivkich such salt delivered from such salt works is intended to be shipped and put on board the ships or vessels in which the same is intended to be carried and removed coastwise for delivery to or for the fish curers to or for whom the same is to be consigned or sent, and such salt is commonly carried and conveyed from such salt works in flats, barges, boats, or vessels, down rivers to such port, and it is therefore expedient that in any such case in lieu and instead of such bond or security as is above mentioned, such bonds or securities shall be given as are herein after in that behalf directed, be it therefore enacted, That when and so often as any maker of salt, or refiner of rock fair, or proprietor of any salt work, shall have occasion to deliver any salt from his or her entered warehouse, storehouse, or loft, at his or her salt works, to be used and employed in curing and preserving fish, and such warehouse, storehouse, or lofr, shall be situate at a distance from the sea coast and from the port at which such salt is intended to be shipped or put on board any ship or vessel, to be therein carried or removed coastwise for delivery to the fish curers for or to whom the same is to be consigned, or sent, and such salt is intended to be carried or conveyed in any fiat, barge, boat, or vessel, from such salt works, or from any such ware-house, storehouse, or loft, down any river to any such port, then and in every such case, in lieu and instead of such bond or security as was in the said act directed, the makers or refiners thereof, or proprietors of the salt works from whence the same is to be so delivered, or the merchants for whose account or on whose order the same shall be delivered, shall give sufficient bond or security, to be approved of by the commissioners of excise, or the

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 65. 287

person or persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that purpose, in treble the amount of the duty of the salt so intended to be delivered for the purpose of curing or preserving fish, (in which bond or security the mailer or owner of the flat, barge, boat, or vessel, in which the salt is to be so carried or conveyed shall join), that all such salt, and every part thereof, shall with all due diligence and dispatch be duly carried and conveyed in such flat, barge, boat, or vessel to such port at which the same is so intended to be shipped for the purpose aforesaid; and that all such salt shall, immediately on the arrival at such port, be laden and put on board the ship or vessel in which the same is to be carried and removed coastwise for delivery to the fish curer or fish curers for or to whom the same is to be consigned or sent, and that no part of such salt shall, before the same shall be so laden and put on board the ship or vessel in which the same is to be so carried and removed coastwise for such delivery as aforesaid, be sold or delivered for home trade or consumption, or otherwise fraudulently disposed of in Great Britain; and also, that, immediately on the arrival of such flat, barge, boat, or vessel at such port* such bond or security shall be given as is herein after mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such bond or ^ovv ^ucl1 security for such due carriage and conveyance of such salt to the eci C

port at which the same shall be intended to be shipped as aforesaid^nd for the other matters herein-before directed to be contained in such bond or security, shall be cancelled and discharged, upon the maker or makers, or refiner or refiners of the salt, or proprietor or proprietors of the salt works from whence the salt was so delivered, or the merchant or merchants on whole account or to whose order such salt shall be so delivered as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper officer of excite a certificate, under the hand of such other officer of excise as shall be authorised or employed to give and grant the same, testifying that all and every part of the salt mentioned in such bond or security has been, with all due diligence and dispatch, duly carried and conveyed in such flat, barge, or vessel as aforesaid, to such port as aforesaid, and that the same was immediately, on the arrival at such port, laden and put on board the ship or vessel in which the same was to be carried and removed coastwise, for delivery to the fish curer or fish curers for or to whom the same was consigned or sent, and that such bond or security has been given as is herein after directed, for the due delivery of such salt into the custody and possession of the fish curer, and the other matters directed to be contained in such bond: provided always, That such certificate shall be produced to and left with such proper officer of excise within one month next after the day on which such salt shall have been delivered out of the warehouse or storehouse, or warehouses or storehouses belonging to such maker or makers, refiner or refiners, or proprietor or proprietors, as aforesaid.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 65. [1798.

VII. And be it further enacted, That immediately upon the arrival of any such fiat, barge, boat or vessel, at the port at which such salt is intended to be shipped, or put on board any ship or vessel, to be therein carried or removed coastwise, for delivery to the fish curer or fish curers for or to whom the same is to be consigned or sent, the merchant or merchants, on whose account or to whose order the same shall be delivered, shall give sufficient bond or security, to be approved of by the of of ex-shall not be cife, or the person or persons who shall be appointed or employed

288

On the arrival of a vessel at the port where l'alt is to be shipped to be sent coastwise to the ftfli curer, !bond to be given. that it

otherwise disposed of.

by thqm for that purpose, in treble the amount of the duty of the salt so intended to be delivered for the purpose of curing or preserving fish, (in which bond or security the matter or owner of the ship or vessel in which the salt is to be carried or conveyed shall join), that all such salt, and every part thereof, shall (the danger of enemies only excepted) be duly delivered into the custody and possession of the fish curer or fish curers for or to whom the same is to be consigned or sent, and that no part of such salt shall, before the same shall be delivered into the custody or possession of such fish curer or fish curers as aforesaid, be sold or delivered for home trade or consumption, or otherwise fraudulently disposed of in Great Britain.

How such

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such bond or fe-

bouds shall be curity herein-before directed to be given for the due delivery of discharged.

any such salt into the custody and possession of any such fish curer or fish curers, and for the other matters herein-before directed to be contained in such bond, shall be cancelled and discharged, upon the merchant or merchants, on whose account or to whose order a/ty such salt shall have been so delivered as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper officer of excise a certificate, under the hand of such other officer of excise as shall be authorised to give and grant the same, testifying that all and every part of the salt mentioned in such bond or security has been duly delivered into the custody or possession of the fish curer or fish curers for whom the same was intended, or to whom the same was consigned or sent, and that bond or security has been given by or on the part of such fish curer or fish curers, that all such salt sent or consigned to him, her, or them, and delivered into his, her, or their custody, shall be used and employed in curing and preserving fish: provided always, That such last mentioned certificate shall be produced to and left with such proper officer of excise; within three months next after the day on which such salt shall have been so shipped or put on board the ship or vessel in which the same is to be carried or removed coastwise, for such delivery to the fish curer or fish curers as aforesaid.

IX. And whereas, under and by virtue of the said act made in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majestfs reign, foreign salt may be imported into Great Britain, and put into import warehouses, fore-houses, or cellars, under y subject and according to such conditions> 'rules, and regulations, as are in the said act in that behalf provided: and

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 65. 289

whereas it is expedient to allow any such foreign salt to he taken from and out of any such warehouse, storehouse, or cellar, at the ports of Poole, Dartmouth, Falmouth, and Glasgow, to be exported to Newfoundland, /^ the purpose herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to or for any per- Within 12 son or persons, within twelve months after the importation and months after landing thereof, to take, free of duty, for the purpose of im- ^rehQut^ed, mediately exporting the same, in any ship or vessel not of less foreign salt burthen than forty tons, to Newfoundland, for curing cod fish, may be taken ling, or hake, to be there caught, any quantity exceeding fifty out, duty free, bushels at a time, of foreign salt, from and out of any import ex

warehouse, storehouse, or cellar, at either of the ports of Poole, portation to - Dartmouth, Falmouth, or Glasgow, in which the same has been Newfound-put according to the regulations of the said act, upon the person lan<b in vessels

or persons so taking out any such salt first giving the like bond of not leis r.& ., r*i^1 i'than 40 tons,

or security as is in or by the said act required and directed to be ancj in qUan_

taken, for or in respect of salt delivered free of duty for immedi- tity exceeding ate exportation; save and except that every such bond, or fecu- 5bushels, on rity, so to be taken in pursuance of this act, shall be in treble the amount of the duty by that act imposed for or in Vefpedt of 3g Ge imported salt, not being of the product or manufacture of Great c. 89, Sic* Britain; and the giving or entering into such bond or security, together with the exportation of such salt to Newfoundland as aforesaid, shall vacate the former bond or security which shall have been given for payment of the duties with which such foreign salt was charged, or to which the same was liable, so far as such last mentioned bond or security relates to such duty for or in respect of the quantity of salt so taken out of such warehouse, storehouse, or cellar, and exported to Newfoundland as aforesaid: provided always, That such last mentioned bond shall be and remain in full force and effect as to all the salt specified therein, or to which the same shall relate, except the particular quantity or quantities thereof so taken out and exported to Newfoundland as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted That no such bond or security, Bonds for salt

so to be given or taken for salt, to be used and employed in J/rcuring-curing and preserving fish as aforesaid, nor any certificate to be tilicatefrent-made out in relation to any such salt-, shall be subject or liable to jnn thereto, any {lamp duty; any thing in any act or acts of parliament to not subject to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. stamp duty.

XI. And whereas there are Jlill depending, and unexpended, divers quantities of Jalt which were taken free of duty, for the curing of fish, under and subject to the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisons, contained in the several alls of parliament in that behalf in force immediately before the commencement of an all made in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, among other things, for transferring the management jof the salt duties to the of

of excise\ and it is expedient to make such provisions for or in respect thereof as are herein after in that behalf directed: be it therefore enacted, That all and singular the rules, regulations, restrictions, Geo. 3. and provisions, which are contained or provided in or by the tend to*salt*'

Vol. XLII. U laid taken, duty

*9 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6^.

[1798.

irec, for-cur- said act of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, thereto as fa? ^or orn refae(^ delivered under or by virtue of that act,

as applicable, for curing and preserving fish, and all and singular the fines, penalties, and forfeitures, which are by the said acct imposed on any fish curer, or any other p'erson or persons whom foe ver, for any breach of or disobedience to any or either of the said rules, regulations, restridUons, or provisions, shall be applied to and practised, and put in execution, for and in respect of all such salt so depending and unexpended, so far as the said rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, or forfeitures respectively can or may be so applied, practised, and put in execution; any thing in any add or adds of parliament contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas it may sometimes happen that ships or vessels going coafewife laden with salt or rock salt may be taken by the eneiny;

For salt or be it therefore enacted, That in case any salt or rock salt, whiVhdti/f ^or w^c'n duties imposed by the said act of the thirty-eighth has been paid, Year of his present Majesty, shall have been duly paid or secured captured with to be paid, shall together with the ship or vessel in which such the vessel re- salt or rock salt shall be removing or transporting from one part moving it i0 another, be loft by capture of enemies, it

me'reHef toC anc* may be lawful either for his Majesty's justices of the be given as peace of the county, riding, division, or shire, at the quarter fef-lor hit loft ftens of the peace nearest to which the owner, proprietor, or

we^there*PPer^or roc^re^e or for commis-

ut wta 1 r. floners of excise at the chief office of excise in London, or any

three of the said of, (in like manner as is authorised or directed by the said act, made in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, for or in respect! of such salt or rock salt, as is in the said add in that behalf mentioned, lost or destroyed through stress of weather, or storms at sea, or by the unavoidable calling away, -sinking, or stranding, of the flat, boat, barge, or vessel, in or on board of which such salt or rock salt was removing or transporting from one place to another), to grant the like relief, as in and by the said add is authorised, directed, or required, for or in respect of any such salt or rock salt which shall be so loft by capture of enemies, as is in and by the said act authorised or required, for or in respedd of salt or rock salt lost or destroyed through stress of weather, or storms at sea, or by the unavoidable calling away, sinking, or stranding, of the fiat, boat, barge, or vessel, in or on board of which the same was so removing or transporting from one place to another.

XIII. And whereas by the said act made in the thirty-eighth year f 3' of his present Majesty's reign, it is enacted, That out of the monies tfv.c au e ijX. arying from fjye duties on 'salt thereby granted, the sum of one hun-

recited, and repealed.

dred and one thousand five hundred and fifty-five pounds, being one fourth part of the sum of four hundred and six thousand two hundred and twenty pounds, the annual average produce for six years, ending the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, of the said duties on jalt, should quarterly, on the days therein mentioned, in every year, during the period of ten year s} be Jet apart from the remainder

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 65. 291

of the said raters and duties; and that the said remainder of the said duties should, during the said period of ten years, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, difinftly and apart from all ether branches of the publick revenue; and that the said remainder of the said rates and duties, so paid into the said receipt, or so much thereof as should be fuffeient, should he deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose in the said act mentioned: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited clause, and in lieu ami Jlead thereof to < make such provision as is in that behalf herein after directed, be it therefore enacted, That the said recited clause shall Application be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that quarterly, on the fduties, fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July\ and the tenth day of October, in every year, the sum of eight thousand pounds, being one fourth part of the sum of thirty-two thousand pounds, the annual average produce upon an account taken for three years, ending the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninetyTour, of the monies paid on account of allowances for waste, and of the difference between the discount heretofore allowed, by reason of the length of time given for payment of the duties, and that which was provided by an act made in the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for determining the present allowances for wajle on salt carried oaf wife; and for reducing the respective times of pay-merit of the duties on salt, shall, for and during the residue of the said term of ten years, mentioned in the said last recited act, be set apart out of the monies arising from the duties on lait, granted by the said act of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, and shall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue 5 and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said remainder of the said period, a book or books, in which such quarterly sums shall, together with the monies arising from any other duties, granted by an act of the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as is mentioned in the said act of the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, on any account whatever; and that the further sum of ninety-three thousand five hundred and fifty-five pounds, being the remainder of the first mentioned sum of one hundred and one thousand five hundred and fifty-five pounds, shall, for and during the said remainder of the said last mentioned period of time, likewise quarterly, on the before mentioned days in every such year, be set apart from the duties on salt granted by the said act of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, and paid distinctly and separately into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer; and that from the conclusion of the said period of time, until the expiration of tea years, from the tenth day of Oftotyer one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the full sum of one hundred and one thousand*y

192 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 66, 67. [1798.

five hundred and fifty-five pounds shall, in like manner, be set apart from the said duties granted by the said last mentioned act, and paid distinctly and separately into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer; and that, after setting apart such quarterly sum or Turns as aforesaid, the remainder of the rates and duties on salt granted by the said last mentioned act, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the encreased charge occasioned by any loan made or dock created, by virtue of any act passed in the last session of parliament; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, during the period of ten years, from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety^ eight, a book or books, in which the said remainder of the monies arising from the said duties granted by the said act of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, shall, together with the monies arising from any other duties, granted in the said last session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such encreased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

Provisions of XfV. And be it further enacted, That all the provisions, rules, acts in force regulations, clauses, matters, and things, which, in or by the relating to the ma(je

in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's duties on lait - ., A a n n c 1* f

to extend to reiSn^ or in or by any ot"er act or acts of parliament therein

this act, as mentioned or referred unto relating to the duties upon salt, and far as appH- in force immediately before the passing of this acct, are contained, provided, settled, or established, for the purposes of the said act or acts, save and except in such cases for which other provisions are made by this act, and save and except so far as any such act or acts, or any of the provisions, rules, or regulations, clauses, matters, or things, therein contained, are repealed, revoked, altered, or controlled, by this present act:, or repugnant to any of the provisions herein contained), shall be and continue in full force, and be duly observed, practised, applied, and put in execution throughout Great Britain, \w and for the purposes of this act, so far as the same are applicable thereunto respectively, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if all and every the said provisions, rules, regulations, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act. '

CAP. LXVI.

An act for placing the salaries of the sheriff deputes and substitutes of Scotland, upon the Scots civil list establishment.

[July 1, 1799.]

CAP. LXVII.

An act to enable such person as his Majesty shall please to appoint to the vacant office of a baron of the exchequer, to take upon himself the degree of a serjeant at law.

[July x, 1799.]

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68  71.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of three millions, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

[July 12, 1799.]

His Majesty may empower the treasury to cause loans to be received, or exchequer bills to be made out for 3, 000, 000b anytime before Jan. 5, 1800, agreeable to 39 Geo. 3. c. 2. Powers of 39 Geo. 3. c. 2. to extend to this act. Loans or exchequer bills chargeable on the first aids granted next section, and if not granted before July 5, 1800, to be paid out of the consolidated fund. Monies Blued from the consolidated fund to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England may advance money on the credit of this act; notwithstanding the act 5 and 6 Gul. & Mariae, or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for raising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine.

[July 12, 1799.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 3, 500, 000l. by loans and exchequer bills, before Dec. 1, 1799; like manner as is prescribed by the malt act of this section concerning loans, &c. The clauses, &c. in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer Bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes; nor exchanged before Jan. 5. 1800. Action not to lie for such refusal. Principal and interest, with charges, to be repaid out the first supplies to be granted in the next session, and if not so-paid before April 5, 1800, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Monies so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act, notwithstanding the act 5 and 6 Gul. & Marise, or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

CAP. LXX.

An act for raising the sum of three millions, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

[July 12, 1799.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 3, 000, 000b by loans and exchequer bills, before Odt. 10, 1799, in like manner as is prescribed by the malt act of tins session concerning loans, 6cc. The clauses, &c. in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 5, 1800. Action not to lie for such r&fufal. Principal; nd interest, with charges, to be repaid out of the first supplies granted next lection. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act, notwithstanding the act 5 and 6 Gub Sc Marias, or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

CAP. LXXI.

An act to enable the lords of of his Majesty's treasury to issue exchequer bills to a limited amount, on the credit of such monies as shall arise by virtue of an act of this session, for granting certain duties on income.

[July i % 1799.]

Commissioners of the treasury may after July 5, 1799, issue exchequer bills to the amount of 3, 000, 000b payable out of the duties arising by act 39 Geo. 3. c. 13. Three months after the date of such bills, in like fanner as is prescribed by the malt act of this section concerning exchequer

294 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 72. [1739.

bills. Exchequer bills not to be taken by any collector or receiver of the revenue, &c. before they become payable. The clauses, See. in the malt act relating to exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this ach Exchequer bills to bear an interest not exceeding three pence halfpenny per cent per diem; and such of them as shall not be paid out of the duties aforesaid shall be received at the exchequer as calli three months after the date thereof Bank of England may advance 3, oooo, ooool. on the credit of this act, notwithstanding the ad 5 and 6 Gul. & Marias, or 38 Geo. 3. c. x

CAP. LXXII.

An act to amend an act made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, so far as relates to the assessments made upon trufees, agents, receivers, and guardians.

[July 12, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the present session, intituled> 39 Geo. 3. An act to repeal the duties imposed by an act, made in c. 13, recited. the ]aft fcfrion of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war; and to make more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties, certain contributions are made payable, in respect of the incomes of certain persons, bodies politick and corporate, therein described; and provisions are made for the offeffment of such contributions on persons acting as trufees, agents, receiverj, guardians, tutors, curators, committees, and others, in the actual receipt of income of persons, bodies politick and corporate, for who i7i they shall act as aforesaid; and according to such provisions two or more persons may be respectively ajpffed for the whole of the contribution payable in respect of such income, whereby more than one such contribution may be assessed for such income, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said act: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Where two or ^P*r^tua^ an(f temporal, and commons, in this present parliament more trustees, assembled, and by the authority of the same, That where two or &c. are liable more persons shall be liable to be assessed for the same income, as to be assessed trustees, -agents, receivers, guardians, tutors, curators, committees, for the lame or or}ierwife? jt shall be lawful for such persons respectively toi give may give no* notice in writing to the of acting for each parish and tiee to the place in which they shall be liable to be so assessed, dating in what commission- parish or place (being the parish or place of residence of some or the' ^arillmn Prie *- ^uC'n Persons) are respectively deftrous of being so af-which^hey11 sessed, and such persons respectively giving such notice shall be deiire to be assessed accordingly; and if any such persons or person have been affelied, and Cr shall be assessed in more than one parish or place, or by more onTaJT Ihient ^]an ODe 2^eTjent' for income9 one contribution shall be is made1 for paid by all such persons for such income notwithstanding such such in orne, alMlinent, and it shall be lawful for such persons respectively to

1799.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 73. 295

pay such contribution in one parish or place only, or into the one contribu-bank of England, in pursuance of the directions in the said act contained, for payment of contributions into the bank of England; the persons and for the purpose of relieving all such persons from the'effect fa affiefled of more than one assessment for the same income, it shall be lawful may apply to for such persons respectively to apply to the of acting for the several parishesor places in which such persons respectively Obtain*a cer-hall be so aficfTed, and to obtain from the of acting tificateof the for the parish or place in which they shall elect to stand or be parish in assessed, a certificate that they have so elected, which certificate shall be given gratis, and upon production of such certificate to which the of acting for the other parishes or places in which shall vacate such persons shall have been so assessed, such of shall any other af-cause the assessments made on such persons, or any of them, in J^r

such other parishes or places respectively to be vacated, so that come^ such persons respectively may not be charged by more than one assessment in respect of such income, according to the true intent and meaning of the said recited act and this act.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for exempting certain specifick legacies which shall he given to bodies corporate, or other public k bodies, frotn the payment of duty; and also the legacy of books and other articles given by the will of the late reverend Clayton Mordaunt Cracherode to the trustees of the British museum.

[July 12, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain specifick legacies given to bodies corporate, and other publick bodies and societies, should be exempted from the duties imposed on legacies \ be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, No legacy of from and after the passing of this act, no legacy, confiding of books, &c.be-books, prints, pictures, statues, gems, coins, medals, specimens b^dvcor-of natural history, or other specifick articles, which shall be given porate. Scc. to or bequeathed to or in trud for any body corporate, whether ag- be preserved, gregate or foie, or to the society of Serjeants Inn9 or any of the diall be liable inns of court or chancery, or any endowed school, in order totoan^ 11 ?* be kept and preserved by such body corporate, society, or school, and not for the purposes of sale, shall be liable to any duty imposed on legacies by any law now in force.

II. And whereas the late reverend Clayton Mordaunt Crache- The legacy of rode, master of arts, and one of the trustees of the British museum, the reverend hath bequeathed to the said trustees and their successors, a very valy-able collection of books, draivings, and prints, and also of gems, coins, c)ierode to the medals, and specimens of natural hi fory, together with the cabinets in British mu-which the same are contained; all which articles have been collected &um of with the greatest care and judgement, and at an expence amounting to a very confderable fumy be it therefore further enacted, That the empted from said legacy shall be exempted from the payment of any duty to duty, which the same is now liable.

29 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 74  76. [1799.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for further continuing until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and three, an act, made in the twenty-fevefith year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the lord high treasurer, or of of the treasury for the time being, to let to farm the duties granted by an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, on horses let to hire for travelling poll, and by time, to finch perfions as should be willing to contract for the same.

[July 12, 1799.]

From August 1, 1799* the treaftiry may let to farm the duties mentioned in ad 27 Geo. 3. c. 26. fieparately in districts. No contract to be made to continue beyond Feb. 1, 1803. In default of persons failing to make deposits of the rent to be paid, within the time prescribed, or to enter into security, of for stamps to declare the contract void, and again put up the duties to be let.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for reviving and making perpetual an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to prohibit the importation of light silver coin of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland; and to restrain the tender thereof beyond a certain sum.

[July 12, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

14 Geo. 3. c. 41, recited.

Recited act revived, and made perpetual.

WHEREAS an act was passed in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to prohibit the importation of light silver coin of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland; and to restrain the tender thereof beyond a certain sum; which act was to continue in force until the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety six, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; which said act was, by an act passed in the loft session of parliament, revived, amended, and further continued until the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety - nine: and whereas it is expedient that the said first mentioned act should be revived and made perpetual; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent.majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the said act and all the provillons thereof shall be, and the fauie is hereby revived, and shall be perpetual.

[Preamble.]

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for the more fiecure conveyance of ship letters, and for granting to his Majesty pertain rates of pojiage thereon.

[July 12, 1799.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 76. 297

general to receive letters and packets, in order to be conveyed to and from places within his Majests dominions, also to and from every or any the kingdoms and countries beyond the seas> by ships and vessels {other than packet boats); and alfoy that the postmaster general be authorised to demand and receive certain rates of pofage for such conveyance of the said letters and packets: we, therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the pafT- Postmaster ing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's f^wardT^-postmaster general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto ters by other authorised, in his and their discretion, to collect and receive letters, vessels than and packets of letters, directed to places within his Majesty's do- packet boats, minions, also to any the kingdoms and countries beyond the seas, for t^e conm and to forward the same by any ships or vessels that he, in his dif- veyance, as cretion, shall think fit (although not packet boats); and also, that herein pre-it shall and may be lawful to and for his said Majesty's postmaster bribed, general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto authorised to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for every letter and packet which shall be delivered to him or his deputies for conveyance in the manner herein-before specified, a sum not less than one half part of the rates and duties payable by law for such respective letters and packets, if the same were conveyed'by packet boats; and in cases where no rate of postage is already established, then to demand, have, receive, and take, for such letters and packets, rates, as near as the same can be ascertained, equal to one half of what is now paid for letters sent beyond the seas; any law, statute, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Postmaster and for the said postmaster general to demand, have, receive, and ^er^Ifia3r take for every letter and packet which shall be brought by ft iPs ters brought and vessels (other than packet boats) in the manner herein-before by other vef-mentioned, from places within his Majesty's dominions, and fromfels than any the kingdoms and countries beyond the seas into Great ^7. packet boats, tainy to be conveyed by inland carriage or postage, the sum of fingi^ietter m four-pence for every ftngle letter, and so in proportion for packets, addition to in addition to any inland or internal postage which may arise the inland upon the inland conveyance of such letters and packets; and for P^aSe> the encouragement of the mailers of such ships or vessels, it shall andmay allow be lawful for the postmaster general to allow all such mastersd.Pfor the sum of two-pence a letter or packet upon all such letters every letter and packets as they shall respectively have or take on board such they receive vessel or vessels, provided such letters and packets shall have been delivered to them from the post office; and in like manner, on post office, ^heir arrival from parts beyond the seas, 0q their delivering unto-

298 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 77. [1798.

the deputy or deputies of the postmaster general for such place or post town at which they shall touch or arrive, it shall be lawful to pay to such matters of ships and vessels the sum of two-pence a letter or packet for all such letters and packets as they shall respectively have on board; provided that such letters and packets shall have been regularly delivered unto the said matters by the deputy or deputies of the postmaster general, or any other persons to be authorised by him, at the place or post town from whence such ships or vessels have failed or departed.

Postmaster

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-

eause^ofta e* an<^or r^e ^aic* P^ma^er general to cause the rates of to be paid ei- postage hereby chargeable and payable to be paid either prior to th.er prior to such letters and packets being forwarded, or on delivery thereof, the letters be- as to him in his discretion may seem meet, ingforwarded, or qn delivery.

by^h^rate^118

XV. And be it further enacted, That the monies to arise by the to be paid into rates and duties aforesaid (except the monies which shall be ne-the exche- ceflary to defray such expences as shall be incurred in the collec-<luer* tion and management of the same) shall be paid into the receipt

of the exchequer, and carried to and made part of the consolidated fund, and applied to such and the same uses as the present rates and duties of postage are now, or shall be directed to be paid and applied.

Persons sued.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons

done^nder'B at any t, me or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for

this act may any ^ing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this plead the ge- act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person neralissue, &c. or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdictt shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against: such plaintiff' or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXVII.

an act for repealing the duties on salt made in Scotland, and on salt imported from Scotland into England and Wales, and granting other duties in lieu thereof  [July 12, 1799.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble,

From August 2, 1799, the duties and

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the duties and drawbacks now payable for and in respect of salt which shall be ? made or raised in Scotland, and also for and in respect of salt which shall be imported from Scotland into England or Wales, and to grant other duties in lieu thereof; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of Jugifl one thousand seven hundred and

9

ex*

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 77. 299

ninety-nine, ail and Angular the duties and drawbacks now pay- drawbacks able for or in respe6I of salt which shall be made or raised in Scotland, onTalt^made or which shall be imported from Scotland into England or Wales, in Scotland, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and imported and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or from thence paying of any arrears thereof respectively, which may at that (hah cea^feex time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture relating cept arrears: thereto respectively which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said thereof there first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be paid in lieu and instead of the said duties by this act repealed, there the following shall be raised, levied, eolledled, and paid, unto his Majesty, his duties, viz. heirs and successors, the several sums of money and duties of

excise hereio-after mentioned (that is to say), For every bushel raffedfo  of salt that shall be made at any salt work, or raised or taken out Scotland, 4s. of any salt mine or salt pit in Scotland four shillings; and so in per bushel; proportion for any greater or less quantity: for every bushel of and if import-salt which shall be imported from Scotland into England or Wales, accompanied with a certificate from the proper officer that it more. hath paid the duty of four shillings hereby impeded for every bushel of salt made at any salt work, or raised or taken out of any salt mine or salt pit in Scotland, six shillings; and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said The draw-first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, back^ follow-the following drawbacks and allowances shall be made, allowed, Jhe*rJeufa-  and paid, out of the duties by this aeft imposed, under, subject, tions of

and according to all and singular the rules, regulations, and re- 38 Geo. 3.

ftri&ions, contained in an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of c* .89 f he

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for transferring*

the management of the salt duties to the commissioners of excise, and for

repealing the duties oki salt, and the drawbacks, allowances, and bounties

paid thereout; and for granting other duties, drawbacks, allowances

and bounties thereon; (that is to say), For every bushel of salt which For salt

shall be made in Scotland, (rock salt excepted), for which all the exported';'

duties due and payable thereon shall be paid, or secured to be paid,

and which shall be duly exported from thence to parts beyond the seas, a drawback or allowance of four shillings: for every and for salt

bushel of salt of the manufacture of Scotland, which shall be used, Q^jn^ins

employed, spent, and consumed, in making oxiginated muriatick niunattekacid

acid in Scotland, for the bleaching of linen and cotton, four fhil- in Scotland 4s*

lings; and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity: pro- per bushel.

vided always, That the said last mentioned drawback or allowance shall be in lieu and instead of all former drawback or allowance for or in respect of salt to be used, employed, spent, or consumed, ip making oxiginated muriatick acid in Scotland. Duties to be

IV. And be it further enacted, That ftrch of the duties by under the ma* fhis act imposed as shall arise or become payable in England, shall nagement of \>c ynder thep management of the commissioners of excise in Eng- rioneiTpf'ex*-

land die*

5fCo Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 78. [1798.

land for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise or become payable in Scotland, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the monies from time ties to be paid to time arising by the duties by this act imposed (the necessary into the ex- charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively exchequer. cepted) shall, from and after the passing of this act, from time

to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster % and the said money so paid into the exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

VI. And whereas the duties hereby repealed by an act passed in this session of parliament, appropriated and applied in manner there-

Appropriation by directed*, be it therefore enacted, That the duties on-salt here-of the duties, by granted shall be appropriated and applied in such and the like manner as the duties hereby repealed were directed to be appropriated and applied.

j Car! 2

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the powers,

c. 24. extend- directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and ed to this ah things, which, in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capit e' and by knights service and purveyance, and forfettling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Maieffy7s revenue of excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collebling, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such cases for which other provisions are made and preferred by this act), shall be prablifed, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collebling, mitigating, recovering, and paying, the duties by this act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enabled in this present act.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act to continue, until the tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred., and amend an act passed in the present session of parliament, for continuing an act of the last session of parliament, for granting to his Majesty additional duties on disiil levies, in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland, for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland, and for anting to his Majesty certain additional duties on spirits distilled for consumption, and a duty on unmalted grain used in distillation in Scotland.

[July 12, 1799.]

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 78. 301

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to continue until the tenth day of July one 39 Oco. 3* thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an act passed c. 3X> recited} in the last session of parliament, videlicet, On the twenty-ninth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, for \

granting to his Majesty additional duties on distilleries in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland; and for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on spirits distilled for consumption, and a duty on unmalted grain used in distillation in Scotland; which was to continue in force until the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine: and whereas it is proper and expedient that the said act should he further continued and amended, and that further provisions should be made for the better regulating and securing the duties thereby continued; and for preventing frauds and evasions in relation thereto: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act, and all the duties thereby and, except continued, save and except the further duty of excise of one the further Chilling for and upon every gallon of British spirits found upon the first actual survey by the proper officer upon or after the thir- fjirits

teenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in stock on in the stock, custody, or possession of any distiller, redtifier, com- June 13, 1798* pounder, dealer in or retailer of spirits, in any part of Scotland, ^ued^o and as shall be herein after further excepted and enacted), November io and all the powers, provisions, regulations, clauses, matters, and 1800, things therein contained, (except as herein after excepted or altered), shall, from and after the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be further continued and in force, and the same are hereby further continued in force until the tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred exclusive.

II. And be it further enacted, That every licence for the dif- Licences for tilling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or spirits in the tl^ ki^ands lowlands of Scotland, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mix- Qr for rectifying of any kind of spirits, in any part of Scotland\ which shall have ing in any been granted or renewed upon or after the tenth day of October Prt of Scot-

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and which was to hnd, which

/ o'were to coii-

continue in force from the said tenth day of October one thousand tinue in torce

seven hundred and ninety-eight inclusive, to the tenth day of to July 10,

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine exclusive, shall x799; further

be further continued and in force from the said tenth day of July to

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine inclusive, to the 1799' rubjet

tenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety- to the'lame

nine exclusive, and no longer, subject to the same rate of duty rate duty,

for or in respect thereof, and under the same terms, conditions, ^v^ncVb"

regulations, restrictions, provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, as two instai-

were contained in or continued by the said act, save and except ments*

as is herein after altered and excepted; and that every persons to

Licences for (Milling in the lowlands, or for rectifying in any part of Scotland, granted or renewed,

302 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 78. [1798.

whom such licence shall have been granted, and which licence shall not have been or shall not be vacated upon the conditions in the said act exp relied, shall, and he or she is hereby required, on the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to pay down in advance, in ready money, to the proper officer appointed to receive the same, one moiety of the full sum payable under such licence, for the subsequent four months, from the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the said tenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and shall, on the tenth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, pay down, in ready money, in advance, the other moiety of the said full sum payable under such licence, for the period aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That every licence for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of, low wines or spirits in the lowlands of Scotland, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of spirits, in any part of Scotland, which shall be granted or renewed upon or after the said tenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine inclusive, shall be upon or after and continue in force from the said tenth day of November one November xo, thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine inclusive, to the tenth day force't^o Nov November one thousand eight hundred exclusive; and that,

10 1800 and upon or previous to the granting of any such licence, the person the duty'to or persons applying for the same shall, before he, she, or they be paid in be entitled to such licence, pay down in advance, in ready money, to the proper officer of excise appointed to receive the same, one sixth part of the full sum payable under such licence, from the said tenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine inclusive, to the tenth day of January following exclusive; and shall, on or before the said tenth day of January one thousand eight hundred, pay down in ready money, in advance, one other sixth part; and shall, on or before the tenth day of March one thousand eight hundred, pay down in ready money, in advance, one other sixth part; and shall, on or before the tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred, pay down in ready money, in advance, one other sixth.part; and shall, on or before the tenth day of July one thousand eight hundred, pay down in ready money, in advance, one other sixth part; and shall, on or before the tenth day of September one thousand eight hundred, paydown in ready money, in advance, the remaining sixth part of the said full sum, payable under such licence, from the said tenth day of September one thousand eight hundred inclusive, to the said tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred exclusive. beCCrailJ1 for ^nd^further enacted, That it shall and may be law-

ftilknn the^for t^ie commissioners of excise in Scotland to grant licences highlands to all persons applying for the same, and duly recommended and within the qualified to erect, keep, and work {fills, in the highlands of Scot-fenbed^in fond, within the respective counties, parts of counties, and limits

33 Geo. 3. particularly specified and described in two acts of the thirty-

c. 61. and third and thirty-seventh years of the reign of his present Ma-

37 Geo. 3. jesty, from the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and

advance by instainients.

by

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 78. 303

[Nov. io, iSoo*

ninety-nine inchifive, until the tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred exclusive, and no longer, upon payment the^fkme the same and no higher rate of duty for or in respect of such h- rate of duty cences to which dirtilleries in the said respective districts were as under the subject and liable under the said act of the thirty-seventh year of latter adL the reign of his present Majesty, for the whole year, between the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the fifth day of one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, <md in the same proportion, according to the time or number of days for which the said licences shall be granted and / in force, that is to say. For the time between the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine inclusive, and the said tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred exclusive, and subject to and under the same terms, conditions, regulations, refirifions, provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, as were contained in the said recited acts of the thirty-seventh, thirty-eighth, and thirty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, or any of them; save and except that when the licence ^'lC^g duty after the rate of nine pounds shall be paid for or upon each gallon of a dill, of forty gallons content, such duty shall be held the duty on to be the licence duty on the spirits manufactured in such dill, certain quan- from and after the aforesaid tenth day of July one thousand seven t't^es hundred and ninety-nine, until the aforesaid tenth day of July {herein w^hln one thousand eight hundred, to the extent of three thousand certain pe-three hundred and twenty gallons English wine measure of fpi- riods, and for rits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and no ee, T more; that when the licence duty after the said rate of nine quantifies \ pounds shall be paid for or upon each gallon of a till of forty duty to be* gallons content, such duty shall be held to be the licence duty paid of on the spirits manufactured in such (fill, from and after the said 2S-tenth day of July one thousand eight hundred, until the aforesaid tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, to the extent of one thousand one hundred and six gallons English wine measure of spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and no more; that when the licence duty after the rate of six pounds and ten shillings shall be paid for or upon each gallon of a' {fill of forty gallons content, such duty shall be held to be the licencp duty on the spirits manufactured in such still, from and after the aforesaid tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the aforesaid tenth day of July one thousand eight hundred, to the extent of two thousand two hundred and eighty gallons Engllfy wine measure of spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and no more; and that when the licence duty after the said rate of six pounds and ten shillings shall be paid for or upon each gallon of a still of forty gallons content, such duty shall be held to be the licence duty on the spirits manufactured in such (fill, from and after the said tenth day of July one thousand eight hundred, urt^ til the aforesaid tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, to the extent of seven hundred and sixty gallons Euglify, wine measure of spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer

34

On giving previous notice, licences may be delivered up to be vacated.

Excise officers may at any time enter ftillhouses,

Sec. to take account of ttock.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 78. [1798.

proof, and no more; and w-hen any such licence duties shall be respectively paid for any still of a lesser size, the like proportion shall be observed respectively, as to the quantity of spirits for which such licence duty shall be held to have been paid; and that, for and upon all spirits which shall be manufactured from such licensed (fills between the days aforesaid, over and above the respective quantities aforesaid, there shall be paid on demand by every such distiller, a duty at and after the rate of two shillings and sixpence for each gallon of such surplus spirits of the strength aforesaid, over and above the said respective licence duties.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons licensed by the said commissioners of excise to ereds, keep, and work, any still or stills, for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or spirits, in the lowlands ot Scotland, for consumption in Scotland, or for the redli-fying, compounding, -or mixing of any kind of spirits, in any part of Scotland; or for any person or persons licensed by the said commissioners of excise to erect, keep, and work stills in the highlands of Scotland, between the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the said tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, to deliver up his, her, or their licence or licences to the said of, or to the proper supervisor of the district or officer of the division, to be vacated upon the condition herein after expressed, and at the time herein after particularly mentioned; that is to say. Every such person or persons intending to deliver up his, her, or their licence or licences to be vacated, shall give to the said commissioners, supervisor, or officer, fifteen days previous notice in writing, signed by such person or persons of such intention, before he, she, or they shall be entitled to discontinue the working of his, her, or their still or stills, licensed as aforesaid, and thereupon the said of, supervisor, or officer, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised to vacate the said licence or licences, but not sooner than at and from the end of any one calendar month, for which time the licence duty has been actually paid in advance by such person or persons, and in that case the proportion of the licence duty payable for or in respect of such still or still for the unexpired time of his, her, or their licences, during which the working of the said still or stills shall be discontinued, shall not be charged or chargeable upon, or payable or paid by such person or persons who shall have given such notice as aforesaid, and ceased to work the said still or stills from and after the time specified in such notice.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the officers of excise, and each and every of them, duly constituted and appointed, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, and have right, by night or day, to enter into and continue in every stillhouse, storehouse, warehouse, cellar, or other place made use of by any distiller, redtifier, or compounder, in

3 5

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 78.

any part of Scotland, for making or keeping worts, wash, low wines, or spirits, and by gauging, measuring, or other wise, in such manner and by such instrument as to such officer or officers shall appear most proper and effectual for that purpose, to take account of the quantity, quality, and strength of the worts, wash, low wines, and spirits, in the stock, custody, or possession, of every such distiller, rectifier, or compounder, and also of the quantity, quality, and strength of the worts, waft, low wines, and spirits, which shall from time to time be brewed, made, distilled, rectified, compounded, or kept, by such distiller, redlifier, or compounder, and to enter such account, as well of the worts, wash, and low wines, as of the spirits, in a book or books to be kept by such officer or officers for that purpose.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all spirits made by any Spirits shall be licensed distiller shall be immediately run from the still into a1 from the proper cask, vessel, or other receiver, to be provided by and at frni into are-the expence of such distiller, and duly entered and gauged for Ceiverofa that purpose, which cask, vessel, or receiver, shall be of a capa- iize Efficient city or size sufficient to contain and hold the whole of the spirits,

which shall or may be made or distilled by such distiller in anyald or each day, and shall be placed and kept in the same house or placed near place where the still is worked, and as near to the discharge cock the discharge of such still as conveniently may be, and not under ground, or ^ock^and^ hid or concealed from open view; that such cask, vessel, or re-, e^a an^j n0cts" ceiver, and every pipe, tube, or communication therewith con- opened but to necsted, shall be kept locked down and secured to the satisfaction take account of the proper supervisor or officer of excise, and such cask, vessel, the m'xd* or receiver, shall not be opened but by such officer, to take an beforeTc-6 account of the spirits contained therein, which he is empowered count taken, and required to do at the least each and every day, {Sundays ex- to be forfeit-cepted), or oftener, as he may fee cause; that all the spirits distil-e^> an^ led, after being run into such cask, vessel, or receiver as afore- ^er on# -said, shall be therein kept by such distiller for the space of twenty-four hours at least, unless the same shall have been sooner taken account of and charged with duty by the proper officer or supervisor, unmixed with and separate and apart from the stock of all other spirits which had been before taken such account of, on pain of forfeiting all the spirits so mixed before account taken, with two pounds per galion: provided always,

That such forfeiture or penalty shall not be incurred by reason or Forfeiture not

on account of any small difference in or from the manner of for any gauging or measuring the said spirits, the proof of the cause of difference in which difference, and that it had arisen without intention ofguaging. fraud or evasion, shall be upon the distiller or claimer, and not upon the officer who seized the said spirits; and if any distiller shall refuse or neglect to provide such sufficient cask, vessel, or re- orovkUng receiver, as aforesaid, or to place^he same as herein-before directed, ceivers, See, or to provide sufficient fastenings thereto, and to every pipe from the still therewith connected, or if such distiller shall not run off all his spirits immediately from the still into such cask, vessel, or receiver, or shall open the same before an account of such spirits

to be incurred

306 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 78. [1798.

has been taken by the officer, he or she for each and every such offence shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

For every gal-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every distiller in the the distiller ^0Vv^anc's of Scotland shall, for every one hundred gallons of wash shall produce PtePared ^rom any sort of British materials, or any mixture thereto the excise with for extracting spirits for confurrtption in Scotland, found in officer certain his or her custody, produce to the proper officer of excise at least quantities of eleven gallons English wine measure of spirits of the strength of for The defi one to ten over hydrometer proof; that every distiller in the intermediate district herein-before described shall, for every one hundred gallons of wash prepared from barley, bear, or bigg, of the growth of the said counties, or any mixture therewith, found in his or her custody, produce to the officer at least nine gallons English wine measure of spirits of the strength aforesaid; and that every distiller in the Highland district, herein-before described, shall, for every one hundred gallons of wash prepared from barley, bear, or bigg, of the growth of the said counties, or any mixture therewith, found in his or her custody, produce to the officer, at least fix gallons English wine measure of spirits of the strength aforesaid; and that in every case where the produce of spirits extracted by any such distiller respectively, and produced to the proper officer of excise, shall fall short of the respective proportions herein-before mentioned, every such distiller shall, and he or she is hereby made chargeable with and shall pay a duty of excise of two shillings for every gallon of spirits which shall be deficient of the respective quantities above mentioned; and if default shall be made on such payment, the distiller making such default shall forfeit double the amount of the said duty by this act imposed, for or, in respect of such deficiency.

No spirits to

IX. And be it further enacted, That no spirits whatever shall ^idfout'a^ke lent out of the hock, custody, or possession, of any distiller,

permit, on re&ifier, or compounder, or shall be removed from the house,

pain of building, work, or other place, wherein the same were made or

forfeiture, manufactured, rectified, compounded, or kept, or shall be car-flls^ and riec* ^rom one P^ace to anther, by land or by water, without a 7os*. per gal- permit granted and signed by the proper officer of excise of the Ion, division, upon a request note subscribed by the distiller, re&ifier,

or compounder, and delivered to such officer, specifying therein the quantity, quality, and strength of such spirits, and the package thereof, the person from whom, the perfoa to whom, and the place where, the same are to be feat, which permit shall be made to correspond, in respect to the several particulars aforesaid, with such request note; and shall also limit therein a reasonable time within which the said permit is to be in force, on pain of forfeiting all such spirits as shall be feat out, removed, or carried, or found removing or carrying, without such permit as aforesaid; which said spirits, with the casks, vessels, and other packages, containing the same, ami also the vessels and boats, horses and other cattle, and carriages, made use of in the removal or conveyance thereof, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise, and shall be forfeited and lofts any law, custom,

ciency ill all pay zs. per galion, and if not paid shall forfeit double.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 78. 37

or usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: and if any distiller, redifier, or compounder, shall fend or carry, or knowingly permit or suffer to be sent or carried, from his or her stock, custody, or possession, or from the house, 1 building, work, or other place, wherein the same were made, manufactured, rectified, compounded, or kept, any spirits whatever without such permit as aforesaid, or with permit not corresponding thereto in quantity, quality, or strength, every such distiller, redifier, or compounder, shall, over and above the forfeiture of the said spirits, if seized, forfeit and lose the sum of twenty shillings sterling for every gallon, Englift) wine measure, of the spirits so sent out, of whatever strength' the same may be, and whether the said spirits shall or shall not be seized.

X. And be it further enacted, That no distiller or redifier NBritish shall fell or send out from or in any part of Scotland, any British ^Jdbyany spirits of a greater degree of strength than that of one to ten over distiller or hydrometer proof, or shall fell or send out from or in any part redifier

of the lowlands of Scotland, such spirits, in cask, vessel, or pack- above a cer-age, not containing at lead thirty gallons English wine measure, ^en^th^nor or shall fell or send out from or in any part of the interme- underacer-diate district herein-before described, any such spirits in cask, vef- tain quantity, fel, or package, not containing at lead fifteen gallons Eng- "or fold or lish wine measure, or shall fell or send out from or in any part of deafer below the highland district herein-before. described, any such spirits in a certain decade, vessel, or other package, not containing at least nine gallons gree of English wine measure; and that no dealer in or retailer of spirits length, on in any part of Scotland shall fell or send out, or have or keep in his or her custody or possession, any British spirits of a lower degree of strength than that of one in fix under hydrometer proof, on pain of forfeiting all such spirits as shall be sold, sent out, had, or kept, contrary to the provisions aforesaid, or any of them, with the casks, vessels, or other packages, containing the same, which shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every distiller of spirits^|rjts^for for consumption in Scotland shall be, and he or she is hereby re- consumption quired and obliged to make, upon oath, and to deliver to the in Scotland to proper officer of excise of the division in which his or her distil- deliver to the lery is carried on, monthly and every month, a true entry or re- ^monUilv^e turn in writing, signed by him or her, of the respective quantities turn on oath of malt and unmalted grain used by such distiller at every maih of malt and during the preceding month, and of the quantity and number of unmalted _ gallons of spirits, and the strength thereof, produced from such the^ecedii"'* malt or grain; which said entry or return shall also contain the month, and true number of gallons and strength of the spirits diddled in of thequan-each day of such month, with the dates of the respective brew- hty and ings thereof, on pain to forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds

r 0 - inr c r 1*r, r the lpintsdi-

for every neglect or retulal to make such entry or return upon bilied, on pe-

oath monthly and every month, and which oath shall be made nalty of stool.

with and administered by the collector, supervisor, or officer of

collection, district, or division, within which the said distillery is

308 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 78. [1798.

carried on, without any fee or charge whatsoever to be taken or demanded for the same.

XII. And whereas it is reasonable that all barley, bear, or bigg, or other corn or grain, which shall be used, unmalted, or raw, for the purpose of the distillation of spirits for consumption in Scotland, should pay a duty according to the weight thereof, in lieu of that duty which Excise officers malt noiv pays; be it therefore further enabled, That, from and countofmalt" a^ter tent^ day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-and of (rrain'nine> the officers of excise, and each and every of them, duly unmalted be- constituted and appointed, shall be, and they are hereby autho-fore put into rifed, empowered, and required, from time to time, to measure, the mash tun, wejg|l5 ancj take an account of the exa<fl quantity and weight of a'duty all the malt, and also of all the barley, bear, or bigg, or other

is. 3d. per corn or grain, unmalted or raw, which is to be used for the pur-cwt. on the pose of difiliation by any distiller in any part of Scotland, im* a^heraniiKn6*mec^atety before the same or any part thereof shall be put into tioned. the mash tun, and to charge a duty of one ffiilling and three-

pence for and upoiv every hundred weight, or one hundred and twelve pounds weight avoirdupois, of such barley, bear, or bigg, or other corn or grain, unmalted or raw; which duty shall be paid by every such distiller, at the same time and in the same manner, and under the like provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, as the duty upon malt is payable or paid by him or her, if he or flie is a maker of malt, or if such distiller is not a maker of malt, at the same time and in the same manner, and under the dike provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, as the additional duty upon spirits by this act continued is directed to be paid by such Penalty of distiller; and if any distiller, maltster, or other person in any too!-for mix-p3rt Of Scotland, shall, from and after the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, mix any bar-

ing unmalted

grain with -

malt, before ley, bear, or bigg, or other corn or grain, unmalted, or raw,

an account

has been taken measured or by the excise officer.

38 Geo. c. 93.

with malt ground or unground, before the same shall have been weighed, and the account thereof taken by the proper officer of excise as aforesaid, or at any other time or times than immediately before the same is put into the mash tun, which such distiller is hereby required and obliged to do or cause to be clone in the presence of the proper officer, and after havinggiven to him twenty-four hours previous notice of intention to mash such grain, or if any such distiller shall negletft or refuse to give such notice of the intention to mash or to keep sufficient and just feales and weights, or to permit the officer to use the same for the purpose aforesaid, or shall not, when required, with a sufficient number of his or her servants assist such officer in the doing thereof, he or she shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XIII. And whereas by an act made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it was enabled, That if any disliller or distillers in Scotland shall work or charge any Jlill or fills on the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday; that is to say, That if any Jlill or fills fall not be completely discharged and worked off at or before eleven of the clock on Saturday nighty and Jhtill not continue

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. 309

silent or uncharged till one of the clock on Monday morning following, or if any fill or fills shall he found charged or at work, or filled with any thing other than water, between the hours of eleven of the clock on Saturday night and one of the clock on Monday morning throughout the year, then every such difiller or distillers shall forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred pounds for each offence, and for every time any fill or fills shall, on Sunday or between the hours of oresaid, he so worked or charged; any custom or usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: and whereas it is necessary to make further provison a gain ft any distiller charging or working his fill or fills on Sunday, or between the hours of eleven of the clock on Saturday night and one of the clock on Monday morning; be it therefore further enacted, That every distiller in any part of Scotland shall, at his Distillers shall or her own expence, provide sufficient locks, keys, and ^a^en- affix\ocks to-ings, to be approved of in writing by the surveyor or supervisor the head and of the district, and shall affix the same to the head or heads, and charge cock charge cock, of his or her hill or stills, which are therewith to of their (tills, be securely locked and sealed by the officer on each and every and sealed^v Saturday night throughout the year, before the hour of twelve the excise of the clock, and not to be opened again but by such officer, officer every nor until after the hour of twelve of the clock on Sunday night Saturday following; and if any such distiller shall neglect or refuse to pro- ojfeped^every vide and affix such sufficient locks, keys, and faitenings as afore- Sunday night, said, or to pay for the same, or shall by any means, device, or Penalty of contrivance, open the head or charge cock of his or her still or iool. on dif-stills after the same shall have been locked, sealed, and secured, tillers for not by the officer as aforesaid, or shall wilfully damage any such lock, P^?v.Ic^np seal, /or other fastening, every such distiller shall, for every such or for opening offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, them.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for the more efficient suppression of societies established for seditious and treasonable purposes; and for better preventing treasonable and seditious practices.

[July 12, 1799.]

Whereas a traitorous conspiracy has long been carried on, in conjunction with the persons from time to time exercising the powers of government in France, to overturn the laws, constitution, and government, and every existing establishment, civil and ecclesiastical, both in Great Britain and Ireland, and to dissolve the connection between the two kingdoms, so necessary to the security and prosperity of both; and whereas, in pursuance of such design, and in order to carry the same into effect, divers societies have been of late years instituted in this kingdom, and in the kingdom of Ireland, of a new and dangerous nature, inconsistent with publick tranquillity, and with the existence of regular government, particularly certain societies calling themselves, Societies of United Englishmen, United Scotsmen, United Britons, United Irishmen, and The London Corresponding Society: And whereas the members of many such societies have taken unlawful oaths and engagements of fidelity and secrecy, and used secret signs, and appointed committees, secretaries, and other officers,

no

Certain societies suppressed.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. [1798.

in a secret manner; and many of such societies are composed of different divisions, branches, or parts, which communicate with each other by secretaries, delegates, or otherwise, and by means thereof 'maintain an influence over large bodies of men, and delude many ignorant and unwary persons into the commission of acts highly criminal: and whereas it is expedient and necessary that all such societies as aforesaid, and all societies of the like nature, flmild be utterly suppressed and prohibited, as unlawful combinations and confederacies, highly dangerous to the peace and tranquillity of these kingdoms and to the constitution of the government thereof as by law established: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, all the said societies of United Englishmen, United Scotsmen, United Irish-men, and United Britons, and the said society commonly called The London Corresponding Society, and all other societies called Corresponding Societies, of any other city, town, or place, shall be, and the same are hereby utterly suppressed and prohibited, as being unlawful combinations and confederacies against the government of our sovereign lord the King, and against the peace

All societies, the members whereof shall be deemed unlawful,

and security of his Majesty's liege subjects.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, all and every the said fb- be required to cieties, and also every other society now established, or hereafter take any oath to be established, the members whereof shall, according to the not autho- rules thereof, or to any provision or agreement for that purpose, mThalf have reclu^rec^ or admitted to take any oath or engagement, which any commit- shall he an unlawful oath or engagement within the intent and tees not meaning of an act passed in' the thirty-seventh year of his Ma-known to the jesty's reign, intituled An act for more effectually preventing the society^at^ administering or taking of unlawful oaths, or to take any oath not*- c* required or authorised by law; and every society, the members

whereof, or any of them, shall take, or in any manner bind themselves by any such oath or engagement, on becoming or in consequence of being members of such society f and every society, the members whereof shall take, subscribe, or afsent, to any tefl or declaration not required by law, or not authorised in manner herein after mentioned; and every society, of which the names of the members, or of any of them, shall be kept secret from the society at large, or which shall have any committee or feled body so chosen or appointed, that the members constituting the same shall not be known by the society at large to be members of such committee or fe!el body, or which shall have any president, treasurer, secretary, delegate, or other officer so chosen or appointed, that the election or appointment of such persons to such offices shall not be known to the society at large, or of which the names of all the members, and of all committees or felel bodies of members, and of all presidents, treasurers, secretaries, delegates, and other officers, shall not be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and to be open to the inspection

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. 3IX

of all the members of such society; and every society which shall be composed of different divisions or branches, or of different parts, acting in any manner separately or distinct from each other, or of which any part shall have any separate or dirtinft president, secretary, treasurer, delegate, or other officer, elected or appointed by or for such parr, or to act as an officer for such part; shall be deemed and taken to be unlawful combinations and confederacies; and every person, who from and after the paf- ^ereof^nd^8 sing of this act, shall become a member of any such society, or persong cor_ who being a member of any such society, at the parting of this responding, aft, shall afterwards aft as a member thereof; and every person who, See. with

'after the passing of this act, shall diredfly or indirectly maintain S'11*?

of an unlawful

correspondence or intercourse with any such society, or with any comNation.

division, branch, committee, or other select body, president, treasurer, secretary, delegate, or other officer, or member thereof as such, or who shall, by contribution of money or otherwise, aid, abet, or support such society, or any members or officers thereof

as such; shall be deemed guilty of an unlawful combination and confederacy.

[Aft not to ex-

III. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any declaration to be clarations^n-taken, subscribed, or assented to by the members of any society, proved by in case the form of such declaration shall have been first approved two justices, and ftfbscribed by two or more of his Majesty's justices of the an.d registered peace for the county, stewartry, riding, division, or place, where of thepeace^ such society shall ordinarily assemble, and shall have been registered with the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, for such county, stewartry, riding, division, or place, for which there shall be Such appro-paid a fee of one shilling and no more; but that such approba- Con^"med at tion of the justices as aforesaid shall remain valid and effectual the next ge-no longer than until the next general session for such county, neral quarter stewartry, riding, division, or place, unless the same shall, on ap- session* plication made by the parties concerned, be confirmed by the major part of the justices present at such general session; and if the same shall not be then and there so confirmed, the provisions of this act shall from thenceforth extend to such declara-

tion, and to all societies or persons subscribing the same, in so. far as may relate to all 3fts which may be done by them, or any of them, subsequent to the holding of such general session.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person who, Members riot at or before the passing of this act, shall be, or shall have been pa{sing thiY

a member of any such society, shall be liable to any pain or pe- aft, not liable nalty for having been a member of such society at or before the to penalty, passing of this act, in case such person shall not in any manner aft as a member of such society at any time after the passing of this act.

V. And whereas certain societies have been long accustomed to be holden in this kingdom under the denomination of Lodges of Free Masons, the meetings whereof have been in great measure directed to charitable purposes-y be it therefore enacted, That nothing in Not to extend this act shall extend to the meetings of any such society or lodge

x 4 which free mafona

312 held before passing this act.

But two

members of each lodge shall certify the same on

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. [1798.

which shall, before the passing of this act, have been usually holden under the said denomination and in conformity to the rules prevailing among the said societies of free masons.

VI. Provided always, That this exemption shall not extend to any such society, unless two of the members composing the same shall certify uppn oath, (which oath any justice of the peace or ether magistrate is hereby empowered to administer), oath and de- ^iat: such society or lodge has, before the passing of this act, pofitfuchcer-been usually held under the denomination of a Lodge of Free tificate within Masons, and in conformity to the rules prevailing among the so-wTtl^S^ckrb c*et*es or so^ges of free masons in this kingdom; which certitt-Gf the peace/ cate duly artehed by the magistrate before whom the same shall with whom be sworn and subscribed by the persons so certifying, shall, with the name of in the space of two calendar months after the passing of this act, th- names^of deposited Wlt^ the clerk of the peace for the county, stewartry, the members riding, division, shire, or place, where such society or lodge hath and the time been usually held: provided also, That this exemption shall not and place of extend to any such society or lodge, unless the name or denomi-b/r-nhei*ed^ nat^on thereof, and the usual place or places, and the time or yeai-]y times of its meetings, and the names and descriptions of all and every the members thereof, be registered with such clerk of the peace as aforesaid, within two months after the passing of this act, and also on or before the twenty-fifth day of March in every succeeding year.

VII. And be it enacted, That the clerk of the peace, or the person acting in his behalf, in any such county, stewartry, riding, division, shire, or place, is hereby authorised and required to receive such certificate, and make such registry as aforesaid, and to enrol the same among the records of such county, session yearly, stewartry, riding, division, shire, or place, and to lay the same, der^nyTod"e oncen evei7 year, before the general session of the justices for c b such county, stewartry, riding, division, shire, or place; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said justices, or for the major part of them, at any of their general sessions, if they shall so think fit, upon. Complaint made to them, upon oath, by any one or more credible persons, that the continuance of the meetings of any such lodge or society is likely to be injurious to the publick peace and good order, to direct that the meetings of any such society or lodge within such county, stewartry, riding, division, shire, or place, shall from thenceforth be discontinued; and any such meeting held, notwithstanding such order or discontinuance, and before the same shall, by the like authority, be revoked, shall be deemed an unlawful combination and confederacy under the pro-fions of this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every person who, at any time after the passing of this act, shall in breach of the provisions thereof, be guilty of any such unlawful combination and confederacy, as in this act is described, shall and may be proceeded against for such offence in a summary way, either before one or mere justice or justices of the peace for the county, stewartry, riding, division, city, town, or place, where such person shall

Clerk of the peace to lay such certificate and registry before the general

to be discontinued, if likely to be injurious to the publick peace.

How offenders may be proceeded against,

3*3

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79.

happen to be, or by indictment to be preferred in the county, riding, division, city, town, or place* in England, wherein such offence shall be committed, or by indictment in the court of justiciary, or in any of the circuit courts in Scotland, if the offence shall be committed in Scotland; and every person being convicted of any such offence, on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, by such justice or justices as aforesaid, shall be by him or them committed to the common gaol or house of correction for such county, stewartry, riding, division, city, town, or place, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for the term, of three calendar months, or shall be by such justice or justices adjudged to forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, as to such justice or justices shall seem meet; and in case such sum of money shall not be forthwith paid into the hands of such justice or justices, he or they shall by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, together with all costs and charges attending such distress and sale, and for want of sufficient distress, shall commit such offender to the common gaol or house of correction of such county, stewartry, riding, division, city, town, or place, as aforesaid, for any time not exceeding three calendar months; and every person convicted of any such offence upon indictment by due course of law, shall and may be transported for the term of (even years, in the manner provided by law for transportation of offenders, or imprisoned for any time not exceeding two years, as the court before whom such offender shall be tried shall think fit'; and every such offender, who shall be ordered to be transported, shall be subject and liable to all laws concerning offenders ordered to be transported.

IX. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the justice or justices of the peace, by or before whom any person shall, in pursuance of this act, be convicted of any unlawful combination or confederacy, and such justice and justices is and are hereby authorised and empowered (if he or they shall see cause) to mitigate and lessen the punishment herein- before directed to be inflicted upon any offender against this act, so convicted as aforesaid, so as the punishment be not thereby reduced to less than one third of the punishment hereby directed to be inflicted as aforesaid, whether such punishment shall be by imprisonment or fine.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any person who shall be prosecuted before any justice or justices of the peace, in a summary way, for any offence against this a Cl, and shall be convicted or acquitted by such justice or justices, shall not afterwards be prosecuted, or be liable to be prosecuted, by indictment or otherwise, for the same offence; and so in like manner any person who shall be convicted or acquitted upon any indictment for any offence against this act, shall not afterwards be prosecuted, or be liable to be prosecuted before any justice or justices of the peace, in a summary way, for the same offence*

and how punished.

Justices may mitigate punishment.

Persons prosecuted either before a justice, or indicted, not liable to other prosecution.

3*4

Offenders may be indicted, if not prosecuted

still liable to prosecution.

Penalty for permitting unlawful meetings.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. [1798.

XI. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to prevent an^ prosecution by indictment, or otherwise, for any thing which shall be an offence within the intent and under thi^act. meaning of this act, and which might have been so prosecuted if this act had not been made, unless the offender shall have been prosecuted for such offence under this act, and convicted or acquitted of such offence; save only that no person shall be prosecuted for having been, before the passing of this act, a member of any society hereby declared to be an unlawful combination and confedracy, if such person shall not in any manner have acted as a member of such society after the passing of this act.

Persons in

XII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall custody or on extend to discharge any person in custody at the passing of this finVuds^act or having been in custody; shall have been discharged,

5 on bail or recognizance, from any prosecution which might have been had against such person if this act had not been made.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall knowingly permit any meeting of any society hereby declared to be an unlawful combination or confederacy, or of any division, branch, or committee of such society, to be held in his or her house or apartment, such person shall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds, and shall, for any such offence committed after the date of his or her conviction for such first offence, be deemed guilty of an unlawful combination and confederacy in breach of this act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Justices on any two or more justices of the peace acting for any county, unlawful11 stewartry, riding, division, city, town, or place, upon evidence meeting being on oat^ that any meeting of any society, hereby declared to be held, may an unlawful combination and confederacy, or any meeting for any declare the seditious purpose, hath been held, after the passing of this act, house for^at any house, roorrb or place, licensed for the sale of ale, beer, feited. wine, or spirituous liquors, to adjudge and declare the licence or licences for felling ale, beer, wine, or spirituous liquors, granted to the person or persons keeping such house, room, or place, to have been forfeited; and the person or persons so keeping such house, room, or place, shall, from and after the day of the date of such adjudication and declaration, be subject and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeitures for any act done after that day, which such person or persons would be subject and liable to, if such licence or licences had expired, or otherwise determined on that day.

XV. And whereas divers places have of late been used for delivering lectures or dfcourses, and holding debates, which are not within the provisions of the act passed in the thirty ffxth year of his Ma- jeflfs reign, for the more effectually preventing seditious meetings and assemblies, but which lectures, difeourfes, or debates, have in many in-fiances been of a seditious and immoral nature; and other places have of late been used for seditious and immoral purposes, under the pretence of being places of meeting for the purpose of reading books, pamphletr, newspapers, or other publications $ be it further enacted, That

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. 315

[Every place

every house, room, field, or other place, at or in which any lecture or discourse shall be publickly delivered, or any publick debate of lecturing, shall be had on any subject whatever, for the purpose of raffing debating^or or collecting money, or any other valuable thing from the persons admitted, or to which any person shall be admitted by pay- of raising ment of money, or by any ticket or token of any kind delivered money, to be in consideration of money or any other valuable thing, or in deemed difor-consequence of paying or giving, or having paid or given, or p^oiTfly li-having agreed to pay or give, in any manner, any money or other denied, valuable thing, or where any money or other valuable thing shall be received from any person admitted either under pretence of paying for any refreshment or other thing, or under any other pretence, or for any other cause, or by means of any device or contrivance whatever; and every house, room, or place, which shall be opened or used as a place of meeting, for the purpose of reading books, pamphlets, newspapers, or other publications, and to which any person shall be admitted by payment of money, or by any ticket or token of any kind delivered in consideration of money or other valuable thing, or in consequence of paying or giving, or having paid or given, or having agreed to pay or give, any money or other valuable thing, or where any money or other valuable thing shall be received from any person admitted either under pretence of paying for any refreshment or other thing, or under any other pretence, or for any other cause, or by means of any device or contrivance whatever; shall be deemed a disorderly house or place within the intent and meaning of the said act passed in the thirty-llxth year of his Majesty's reign, for the more effectually preventing seditious meetings and assemblies, unless the same shall have been previously licensed in manner herein after mentioned; and the Penalty on person by whom such house, room, field, or place, shall be open- persons opened or used for any of the purposes aforesaid, shall forfeit the jj|fufesc*leon sum of one hundred pounds, for every day or time that such ducting the house, room, field, or place, shall be opened or used as aforesaid, proceedings, to such person as will sue for the same, and be otherwise punished debating, as the law directs in cases of disorderly houses; and every person -n

managing or conducing the proceedings, or acting as modera- orcolle&l^g* for, president, or chairman, at such house, room, field, or plaice, money for so opened or used as aforesaid, or therein debating, or delivering ad million, any discourse or lecture, or furnishing or delivering any book, ^c* pamphlet, newspaper, or other publication as aforesaid; and also every person, who shall pay, give, collet, or receive, or agree to pay, give, collect, or receive any money, or any thing, for or in respect of the admission of any person into any such house, room, field, or place, or shall deliver out, distribute, or receive any such ticket or tickets, or token or tokens as aforesaid, knowing such house, room, field, or place to be opened or used for any such purpose as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That any person who shall Person ap-at any time hereafter appear, ad, or behave him or herfeif as ^ftTfliable

master profecu-

316 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. [1798.

tion, although master or mistress, or as the person having the command, go-not the real vernment, or management of any such house, room, field, or the ho*use* P^ace as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be a person by whom the same is opened or used as aforesaid, and shall be liable to be sued or prosecuted, and punished as such, notwithstanding he or flic be not in fad the real owner or occupier thereof. Justices, by

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful information for any justice or justices of the peace of any county, stewartry, re (ft ins any' c'ty? borough, town, or place, who shall, by information upon place is open- oath, have reason to suspect that any house, room, field, or td for le<ftur- place, or any parts or part thereof, are or is opened or used for ing, &c. may the purpose of delivering lectures or difeourfes, or for publick nfittance*1 and ^e^ate> or for purpose of reading books, pamphlets, news- if raused, the papers, or other publications, contrary to the provisions of this place to be ad, to go to such house, room, field, or place, and demand to deemed dif- be admitted therein; and in case such justice or justices shall the persons so re^u^e<a admittance to such house, room, field, or place, or refuting to any part thereof, the same shall be deemed a disorderly house or forfeit aol. place, within the intent and meaning of this act, and of the said recited act of the thirty-sixth year aforesaid; and all and every the provisions herein-before and in the said recited act, contained, respecting any house, room, field or place, therein or hereinbefore declared to be a disorderly house or place, shall be applied to such house, room, field, or place, where such admittance shall have been refuted as aforesaid; and every person refusing such admittance shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

Justices in session may

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it

(]lap ]awfui for two or more justices of the peace for the

grant licences., J.r,

for lecturing county, stewartry, city, borough, town, or place, where any

or reading, house, room, or other building, shall be intended to be opened

and may re- for any of the purposes aforesaid, by writing under their hands

yoke them. ancj foals, at their general sections of the peace, or at any special section to be held for the particular purpose to grant a licence

to any person or persons desiring the same, to open such house, room, or other building, for the purpose of delivering for money any such lectures or discourses as aforesaid, on any subjects, the same being clearly expressed in such licence, or for the purpose of reading books, pamphlets, newspapers, or other publications; for which licence a fee of one shilling, and no more, shall be paid, and the same shall be in force for the space of one year, and no longer, or for any less space of time, therein to be specified; and which licence it shall be lawful for the justices of the peace of the same county, stewartry, city, borough, town, or place, at any general sections of the peace, to revoke and declare void, and no longer in force, by any order of such justices; a copy whereof shall be delivered to, or served upon the person to whom the said licence so revoked shall have been granted, or shall be left at the house, room, or building, for which such licence shall have been granted, and thereupon such licence shall cease and determine, and be thenceforth utterly void and of no effect.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. 317

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be Justices may lawful for any justice or justices of the peace of any county, ^bTtance^ stewartry, city, borough, town, or place, where any such house, any licensed room, or other building shall be licensed, as herein provided, to place, and if go to such house, room, or building, so licensed, at the time of refused it shall delivering any such leisure or discourse therein as aforesaid, or

at the time appointed for delivering any such lecture or discourse, and the person or whilst such house, room, or building shall be qpened or used, f0 refuting or during the time appointed for using the same as a place for shall forfeit reading books, pamphlets, newspapers, or other publications as 2o1* aforesaid, and demand to be admitted therein; and in case such justice or justices shall be refused admittance to such house, room, or building, the same shall be deemed, notwithstanding any such licence as aforesaid, a disorderly house or place, within the meaning of this act; and all and every the provisions herein-before contained, respecting any house, room, field, or place, here-in-before declared to be a disorderly house or place, shall be applied to such house, room, or building so licensed as aforesaid, where such admittance shall have been refused as aforesaid; and every person refusing such admittance shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful Justices on for any two justices of the peace adfing for any county, stew- evidence on artry, riding, division, city, town, or place, upon evidence, on pcenfe^place oath, that any house, room, or place, so licensed and opened as used for aforesaid, is commonly used for the purpose of delivering the re Ie&ures of a lectures or difeourfes of a seditious or immoral tendency, or that seditious or books, pamphlets, newspapers, or other publications of a fediti-

ous or immoral nature, are there commonly kept and delivered may declare to be read, to adjudge and declare the licence for opening the the licence same to have been forfeited; and such licence shall thereupon forfeited, cease and determine, and shall thenceforth be utterly void and of no effect.

XXI. Provided also, That every house, room, or place, li- Every ale-censed for the sale of ale, beer, wine, or spirituous liquors, shall house, See. to also be deemed a house or place licensed for the purpose of read- ^enfe^for ing books, pamphlets, and other publications, within the intent reacting; but and meaning of this act; but nevertheless it shall be lawful to justices or nd for any two or more justices of the peace for the county, evidence on stewartry, riding, division, city, borough, town, or place, where diUous^or e" such house, room, or place shall be, upon evidence on oath that immoral pub-books, pamphlets, or other publications of a seditious or immoral lications arc nature, are usually distributed for the purpose of being read at read, may de-such house, room, or place, to adjudge and declare the licence ^nce^or^" or licences for felling ale, beer, wine, or spirituous liquors, under felted, the authority whereof such house, room, or place, shall be used for the purpose of felling ale, beer, wine, or spirituous liquors, to have been forfeited, and the person or persons so keeping such house, room, or place, shall, from and after the day of the date of such adjudication and declaration, be subject and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeitures which such person or persons

318

the inns of court, or by the pro-fefiors in Gresham college.

Payments to ichool masters not deemed payments for admission to lectures.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. [1798.

Tons would be subject and liable to, if such licence or licences had expired, or otherwise determined, on that day, for any act done after that day.

Not to extend

XXII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained delivfrecl in extend or be construed to extend, to any lecture or dif-

the universi- courses to be delivered in any of the universities of these king-ties, or the doms by any member thereof, or any person authorised by the hall of any of chancellor, vice chancellor, or other proper officers of such universities respectively, or to any lecture or discourse to be delivered in the public hall of any of the inns of court or chancery, by any person authorised by the benchers of the inns of court* or by the professors in Gresham college; and that no payment made to any schoolmaster or other person by law allowed to teach and instruct youth, in respect of any lectures or discourses delivered by such schoolmaster or other person, for the instruction only of such youth as shall be committed to his instruction, shall be deemed a payment of money for admission to such lectures or discourses, within the intent and meaning of this act.

XXIII. And whereas many societies, established of late years for treasonable and seditious purposes and especially the said societies of United Englishmen, United Scotsmen, United Irishmen, and United Britons, and the said, society called The London Corresponding Society, and other corresponding societies, have at various times canfed to be publishedy in great quantities, divers printed papers of an irreligious, treasonable, andseditious nature, tending to revile our holy religion, and to bring the profession and worship thereof into contempt among the ignorant, and also to excite hatred and contempt of his Majesty's royal person, government, and laws9 and of the happy constitution of these realms, as by law establifed9 and utterly to eradicate all principles of religion and morality; and such societies have dispersed such printed papers among the lower classes of the community, either gratis, or at very low prices^ and with an activity and profu-fion beyond all former example: and whereas all persons printing or publishing any papers or writings are by law answerable for the contents thereof but such responsibility hath of late been in a great de- gree eluded by the secret printing and publication of such seditious, immoral, and irreligious papers or writings as aforesaid, and it is there-fore highly important to the publick peace that it should in future be known by whom any such papers shall be printed; be it enacted, That, from and after the expiration of forty days from the day of passing this act, every person having any printing press, or in the annexed types for printing, shall cause a notice thereof, signed in the schedule to presence of and attested by one witness, to be delivered to the the clerk of clerk of the peace acting for the county, stewartry, riding, divi-who^fhatt* ^lon' City> borough, town, or place, where the same shall be intrant a certi- tended to be used, or his deputy, according to the form predicate, and fije scribed in the schedule hereunto annexed; and such clerk of the the notice, / peace, or deputy respectively, shall, and he is hereby autho-r^ec* anc* reclu^re^ to grant a certificate in the form prescribed in the schedule hereunto annexed, for which such clerk of the peace, or deputy, shall receive the fee of one shilling, and no

Printers to give a notice in the form

copy to the secretary of (late.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. 319

more, and such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall file such

notice, and transmit an attested copy thereof to one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state; and every person who, not Penalty of

having delivered such notice, and obtained such certificate as for keep-

aforesaid, shall, from and after the expiration of forty days next after the passing of this act, keep or use any printing press or notice, or

types for printing, or having delivered such notice, and obtained using themin

such certificate as aforesaid, shall use any printing press or types any place not for printing in any other place than the place expressed in such notice, shall forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds.

XXIV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall Not to extend

extend to his Majesty's printers for England and Scotland or to jesty's prin-the public prettes belonging to the universities of Oxford and Jters, ol- the Cambridge respectively. universities in

XXV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the England,

expiration of forty days after the passing of this act, every per- Letter foundson carrying on the business of a letter founder, or maker or f

feller of types for printing, or of printing prettes, shall cause makenfto notice of his or her intention to carry on such business to be de- give a notice, livered to the clerk of the peace of the county, stewartry, riding, in the form division, city, borough, town, or place, where such person shall^sch^ule*" propose to carry on such business, or his deputy, in the form to te clerJc' prescribed in the schedule to this act annexed; and such clerk of the peace, of the peace, or his deputy, shall, and he is hereby authorised who shall and required thereupon to grant a certificate in the form also a prescribed in the said schedule, for which such cleric of the peace, the notice, C or his deputy, shall receive a fee of one shilling, and no more, and transmit and shall file such notice, and transmit an attested copy thereof an attested

to one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of date; and every person who shall, after the expiration of the said forty days, a y 0 carry on such business, or make or fell any type for printing, Penalty of or printing press, without having given such notice, and ob- aol. for car-

tained such certificate, shall forfeit and lose the sum of twenty J} fuctl

J bufineiles

Pounds'.without giv-

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every person who ing notice.

shall fell types for printing, or printing prettes, as aforesaid, An account shall keep a fair account in writing, of all persons to whom any to be kept of such types or prettes shall be sold, and shall produce such accounts types and to any justice of the peace who shall require the same; and if fold such person shall neglect to keep such account, or shall refuse to ^ndto be pro-produce the same to any such justice, on demand in writing to duced when insped the same, such person shall forfeit and lose, for such of- required, on fence, the sum of twenty pounds. penalty of

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the*expiration of forty days after the passing of this act, every per- ancf abode of son who shall print any paper or book whatsoever, which shall the printer to be meant or intended to be published or dispersed, whether the be printed on same shall be sold or given away, shall print upon the front ofevefy Paper every such paper, if the same shall be printed on one side only, penayM0f U and upon the first and lad leaves of every paper or book which aoi#

shall consist of more than one leaf, in legible characters, his or to papers printed by authority of parliament. Printers to keep a copy

32 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. [1798.

her name, and the name of the city, town, parish, or place, and also the name (if any) of the square, street, lane, court, or place, in which his or her dwelling house or usual place of abode shall be; and every person who shall omit so to print his name and place of abode on every such paper or book printed by him, and also every person who shall publish or difpeife, or assist in publishing or dispersing, either gratis or for money, any printed paper or book, which shall have been printed after the expiration of forty days from the passing of this act, and on which the name and place of abode of the person printing the same shall not be printed as aforesaid, shall, for every copy of such paper so published or dispersed by him, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

Not to extend

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any papers printed by the authority and for the use of either house of parliament.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every person who, from and after the expiration of forty days after the passing of

of every paper this shall print any paper for hire, reward, gain, or profit,

and^write* shall carefully preserve and keep one copy (at least) of every

thereon the paper so printed by him or her, on which he or she shall write, name and or cause to be written or printed, in fair and legible characters,

abode ot their the name ancj place of abode of the person or persons by whom emp yer. or (he shall^emp]0yecj to print the same; and every person

Pr^nt^nS any Paper for hire, reward, gain, or profit, who shall or refufmVto omit or neglect to write, or cause to be written or printed as produce the aforesaid, the name and place of his or her employer on one of such printed papers, or to keep or preserve the same for the space of six calendar months next after the printing thereof, or to produce and fhevv the same to any justice of the peace, who, within the said space of six calendar months, shall require to fee the same, shall, for every such omission, neglect, or refusal, forfeit and lole the sum of twenty pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any person, to whom or in whose presence any printed paper,

the^nameand1 not having the name and place of abode of any person printed abode of the thereon, in manner herein-before directed, or having a fkftitious or false name or place of abode printed thereon, shall be sold, or offered for sale, or shall be delivered gratis, or offered so to be, or shall be pasted, fixed, or left in any publick place, or in any whether they other manner exposed to publick view, to seize and detain the have offended persons so felling or offering to fell, or delivering or offering to deliver, or parting, fixing, or leaving in any publick place, or in any other manner exposing to publick view, any such printed paper as aforesaid, and forthwith to take and convey him or her before some justice of the peace for the county, stewartry, riding, division, city, borough, town, or place, where such person shall be seized, or to deliver him or her to some constable or other peace officer, to be taken and conveyed before such justice as aforesaid, to the intent that such justice may hear and determine

whether

copy within six months

Persons felling, Szc. any

printer, may be taken before a justice to determine

against this act,

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. 321

whether such person hath been guilty of any offence against this act.

XXXI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall Not to extend, extend to the impression of any engraving, or to the printing by to impressions letter press, of the name, or the name and address, or business

or profession, of any person, and the articles in which he deals, ing names and or to any papers for the sale of estates or goods by auction, or addresses, otherwise. &c-

XXXII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall nor to alter extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or vary any rule, re- any PJ*?'nrions gulation, or provision contained in any act of parliament now in newspapers. force respecting the printing, publishing, or distributing any

printed newspaper, or other printed paper,

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any justice of A Justice may the peace, acting for any county, stewartry, riding, division, city, eekoecer borough, town, or place, shall, from information upon oath, have to^rch for reason to suspect that any printing press or types for printing is presids and or are used or kept for use without notice given and certificate types he fuf-obtained as required by this act, or in any place not included in t0u^edll- such notice and certificate, it shall be lawful for such justice, by^ffze' warrant under his hand and seal, to direct, authorise, and em- them and the power any constable, petty constable, borsholder, headborough, printed papers -or other peace officer, in the day time, with such person or per- founci*

Tons as shall be called to his assistance, to enter into any such house, room, and place, and search for any printing press or types for printing; and it shall be lawful for every such peace officer, with such assistance as aforesaid, to enter into such house, room, or place, in the day time accordingly, and to seize, take, and carry away, every printing press found therein, together with all the types and other articles thereto belonging, and used in printing, and all printed papers found in such house, room, or place.

XXXIV. Provided always, That no person shall be prose- Prosecutions

cuted or sued for any penalty imposed by this act, unless such to be com.".prosecution shall be commenced, or such action shall be brought, three months1 within three calendar months next after such -penalty shall have at'ttr penalty been incurred. is incurred.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That any pecuniary pe- Recovery of nalty imposed by this act, exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, penalties, may be sued for and recovered, by any person who will sue for the same, by action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, if such penalty shall have been incurred in England ox Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty's court of exchequer in Scotland, if such penalty shall have been incurred in Scotland, in which action it shall be sufficient to declare or alledge that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff in the sum of twenty pounds, (being the sum demanded by such action), being forfeited by an act, made and passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled An act [Here set forth the title of the act], and the plaintiff*, if he shall recover in any such action,

312 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. [1798.

shall have his full costs; and any pecuniary penalty imposed by this act, and not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, and for the recovery whereof no provision is herein-before contained, shall and may be recovered before any justice or justices of the peace for the county, stewartry, riding, division, city, town, or place, in which the same shall be incurred, or the person having incurred the same shall happen to be, in a summary way; and in case such last mentioned penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such justice or justices shall, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, and directed to any constable or other peace officer, cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, together with all costs and charges attending such distress and sale; and in case no Efficient distress can be had or made, such justice or justices shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction for such county, stewartry, riding, division, city, borough, town, or place, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than three calendar months.

Application of

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary pe-penalties. nalties and forfeitures imposed by this act shall, when recovered, either by action in any court, or in a summary way before any justice, be applied and disposed of in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, One moiety thereof to the plaintiff in any such action, or the informer, before any justice, and the other moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

Limitation of

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every action and actions. suit which shall be brought or commenced against any justice or justices of the peace, constable, peace officer, or other person or persons, for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this act, shall be commenced within three calendar months next after the fad"t committed, and not afterwards; and the venue in every such action or suit shall be laid in the proper county where the fact was committed, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit shall and may plead the General issue. general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if such action or suit shall be brought or commenced after the time limited for bringing the same, or the venue shall be laid in any other place than as i aforesaid, then the jury shall find a verdict: for the defendant or defendants; and in such case, or if the jury shall find a verdict for the defendant or defendants upon the merits, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action after appearance, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or Double costs. defendants shall have double costs; which he or they shall and may recover in such and the same manner as any defendant can b}' law in' other cases.

Convictions,

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That convictions by xh f rrrT any ju^ce or justices of the peace, for offences against this the annexed and adjudications of forfeitures of licences to be made in fthedule* pursuance

3*3

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79.

pursuance of this act, and notices and certificates delivered and granted in pursuance of this act, shall or may be in the several forms set forth for such purposes respectively in the schedule to this act annexed.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this a ft shall and may be repealed in the whole, or in any part thereof, or in any titered this manner altered or amended, during the present session of par- session. liament.

The SCHEDULE to which the annexed aft refers.

I. FORM of convi Elion of an unlawful combination and confederacy.

M ? TJ E lt remembered, That on this day of

to wit. $ -D in the year of the reign of A.B. of'

is duly convicted before me, [or us], of his Majesty's justices of the peace for in pursuance of an

act of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Third, [set forth the title of the act], for that the said A.B. after the pasting of the said act, to wit, on day of at

did, contrary to the said act, become a member of [ory at the case may be, aft as a member of, or maintain correspondence or intercourse with, or by contribution of money or otherwise, abet or support] a society [describing the focietyf which society is an unlawful combination and confederacy within the intent and meaning of the said act: wherefore I [or we] the said do adjudge, that he the said A.B. do pay [$r, be imprisoned] as a penalty for his offence, in pursuance of the said act.

Given under my hand and seal [or our hands and fealsj, this day of in the year of our Lord and

in the year of the reign of his majesty King

II. FORM of adjudicature offorfeiture of licence to sell ale, &c.

BE it remembered. That on this day of

to wit. j jLJ in the year of the reign of his present Majesty, A.B. of being a person licensed to sell [as the

case may be\ is duly convicted before us, two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of in pursuance of an

act of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of [set forth the title

of the aEt\ for that he the said A.B. on at - did per-

mit a meeting of a society [describing the society], which is an unlawful combination and confederacy within the intent and meaning of the said act, to be held at being the house [as the

case may be] of the said A.B. wherein he the said A % B. is licensed to fell [as the case may be]: wherefore, we the said do ad-

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79. [1798.

judge and declare that the licence [or, licences, as the case may be] is [or, are] for such offence forfeited.

Given under our hands and seals, this day of in

the year of our Lord and in the year of the

reign of his majesty King

III. Form of conviction of having or using a printing prefix or types for printing without notice, or using the same in a place not specified in such notice, or not keeping accounts as required by the act, or any other offence against the act*

BE it remembered, That on this to wit. 3 -D in the

day of

year of the reign of A.B. of

is duly convicted before me [or us] of his Majesty ?s justices of the peace for in pursuance of an

act of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Third, [set forth the title of the act], for that the said A.B. on the day of at did, contrary to the said act,

keep [or, use, as the case may be] a printing press [or types for printing; or, carrying on the business of a letter founder, or, maker or feller of types, or printing prefles], not having given such notice, and obtained such certificate, as by the said act is required, or in -being a place not specified in any

notice given by theiaid A.B. in pursuance of the said act, whereupon he had obtained such certificate, as by the said act is required; or, not keeping an account of a person to whom the said A.B. fold printing types, or, a printing press, as the case may be\ or, not printing his name, &c. as the case may require; or, not keeping a copy of a paper printed by him for hire, reward, gain, or profit, to wit a paper [describing it] which the said A.B. printed, tsfr. or, not producing a copy of a paper printed, &c, or specifying any other offence against the act, and the time and place when and where the same was committed]: wherefore I [or we] the said do adjudge that he the said A.B. do pay the sum of as a

penalty for his offence, in pursuance of the said act.

Given under our hands and seals, this day of

in the year of our Lord and in the year of the

reign of his Majesty King

IV. FORM of notice to the clerk of the peace, that any person keeps any printing press or types for printing.

To the clerk of the peace for [here insert the county,

Jhwartry, tiding, division, city, borough, town, or place], or his deputy.

I A.B. of do hereby declare, That I have a print-

ing press and types for printing, which I propose to use for printing, within [tf* the case may requireJ, and which I

require

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 79.

require to be entered for that purpose, in pursuance of an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, [ set forth the title of the act],

Witness my hand this day of

Signed in the presence ? of

V. FORM of certificate that notice has been given of a printing press, or types for printing.

I clerk [or deputy clerk] of the peace for

do hereby certify, That A.B. of hath delivered to

me a notice in writing, appearing to be signed by him, and attested by C.D. as a witness to his signing the same, that he the said A.B. hath a printing press and types for printing, which he proposes to use for printing, within and Which he has

required to be entered pursuant to an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, [set forth the title of the act]. Witness my hand, this day of

yi*. FORM of notice to the clerk of the peace, that any person carries on the business of a letter founder, or maker or feller of types for printing, or of printing presses.

To the clerk of the peace for [as the case may be], or his deputy.

I A.B. of do hereby declare that I intend to carry

on the business of a letter founder or maker or feller of types for printing, or of printing presses, [as the case jnay be], at and I hereby require this notice to be entered in pursuance of an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, [set forth the title of the afi].

Signed in the presence) of i

VII. FORM of certificate that the above notice has been given.

IG. H. clerk [or deputy clerk] of the peace for [as.- the case may be] do hereby certify, That A.B. of hath delivered to me a notice in writing, appearing to be signed by him, and attested by E. F. as a witness to his jfigning the same* that he intends to carry on the business of a letter founder, or maker or feller of types for printing, or of printing presses, at and which notice he has required to be entered in pursuance of an act of the thirty-ninth year of his majesty King George the Third, [set forth the title of the a5fj.

Witness my hand, this day of

326 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 80, [1798.

[Preamble.]

From Aug. i, 7799 no British vessel shall carry Haves from the coast of Africa, un-Iefs entered for that purpose at the port of clearance.

The whole space between decks of such vessels shall be allotted for the slaves; and after two thirds of the complement of slaves are

The space allotted for slaves to be five feet high.

Vessels of one deck shall have a false deck fixed in the hold.

No vdfel to clear out till the proper officer of the cultoms shall have admea-fared it as herein de-(cribed, and certified the same to the collector.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for better regulating the manner of carrying slaves, in British vessels, from the coast of Africa.

[July 12, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August next after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any British Ship or Vessel whatever, which shall clear out from any Port of this Kingdom, to take or have on board, or to convey, carry, bring, or transport Slaves from the Coast of Africa to any Part beyond Sea, in any such Ship or Vessel, unless such Ship or Vessel shall, at the Time of her so clearing out, have been entered for such Purpose at the Custom House of the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel cleared out.

II. And be it further enacted, That in every such Ship or Vessel, the whole Space between Decks shall be allotted and properly prepared for the Reception of such Slaves; and that after any such Ship or Vessel shall have taken two third Parts of her Complement of Slaves on board, in the Proportion herein after to be limited, no Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Stores, shall ever be stowed or put in any such Place in which any such Slaves shall be.

III. And be it further enacted, That in every such Ship or Vessel, the said Space between Decks so allotted for the Reception of Slaves shall be, in every Part throughout the whole Length and Breadth thereof, of the full and complete perpendicular Height of five Feet, measuring from the upper Surface of the Lower Deck to the under Surface of the Upper Deck.

IV. And whereas Ships or Vessels having only one Deck, are Sometimes used for shipping and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, be it further enacted, That in all such Vessels a false Deck shall be fixed in the Hold for the Reception of the Slaves; which shall be taken and considered as her Lower Deck for the Purposes of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That no ship or vessel shall be permitted to clear out from any port in Great Britain, for the purpose of shipping and carrying slaves from Africa, until the proper officer of the customs at such port shall have examined and aerneafured such ship or vessel, and shall have certified in writing to the collector of his Majesty's customs at such port, the height between decks, and also the extreme length and breadth, in feet and inches, of the lower deck of the said vessel; which length and breadth, being multiplied together, the product

32T

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 80.

shall be deemed and considered to be the true superficial contents of the said deck; and the said contents so obtained, being divided by eight, the quotient in whole numbers shall express the greatest number of slaves which the said vessels shall be permitted to have on board at any one time (for which certificate he shall be entitled to demand and receive the sum of ten shillings from the matter or owner of the said vessel); and the said certi- Certificate to ficate, verified as to the calculation of the number to be taken ^/clearance on board by the examination and signature of the collector, shall aTlcj produced be annexed to the clearance of the said vessel, and shall be pro- before any duced therewith to the collector or comptroller, or other proper Have shall be officer of the customs, at every port in the West Indies or America, lande(i belonging to his Majesty, at which the said vessel shall arrive, before any Have or Haves shall be permitted to be landed out of the said vessel at any such port.

[Vessels shall have painted on their Stern the Words 'Allowed to carry Slaves,' and the Number they are permitted to carry.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such Ship or Vessel, previous to her being cleared out, shall have painted in White or Yellow Letters, of a Length not less than four Inches, upon a Black Ground, on some conspicuous Part of her Stern (provided there shall be Sufficient Space for that Purpose, but if not, in Letters as large as the Space will admit) the Words 'Allowed to carry Slaves,' the Number of Slaves expressed in the Licence annexed to the Clearance of the said Vessel being added thereto, in Figures of the same Length and Colour.

[Masters of Vessels shall forfeit 30l. for every Slave exceeding the Proportion of one Slave for every eight square Feet of the Lower Deck.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, to take or have on board at any one Time, or to convey, carry, bring, or transport Slaves from the Coast of Africa to any Part beyond the Sea, in any such Ship or Vessel, in any greater Number than in the Proportion of one such Slave for every eight Square Feet of the Superficial Contents of the Lower Deck of such Ship or Vessel, ascertained as herein-before directed; and if any such Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall act contrary hereto, such Master or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for each and every such Slave exceeding in Number the Proportions herein-before limited, one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof shall go to any person or persons who shall first sue for the same.

VIII. And whereas great mortality has been found to occur among the slaves from their having been flu bj cited to a confinement more than usually cloje and feve re in consequence of the iveakness of the crews of some of the vessels employed in transporting the m: be it further en- KT acted, under the penalty aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to nunfber of carry away from the coatt: of Africa, on board any such ship or (laves than in vessel, any greater number of Haves than in the proportion of ten theproportion to each of the mariners or other free persons composing the crew, 3. cacil who shall, at the time of clearing outwards for the voyage, be- p0{ing the " long to the said vessel, and be actually serving on board thereof; crew shall he and that all such seamen shall so remain until the arrival of the taken ou

y 4 raid boarJ'

328 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 80. [1798.

If more than two fifths of the (lives be children, five of the fur pi us shall be deemed equal to four (laves.

No cargo of slaves, of whatever dimensions the veil'd, shall exceed 400.

not to extend to the taking of slaves on board in cases of shipwreck, mutiny, or any di it re is of the veil'd.

said vessel at her first port of delivery in the West Indies, (death and unavoidable accidents only excepted).

IX. Provided always, That if there shall be in any such ship or vessel any more than two fifth parts of the slaves who shall be children, and who shall not exceed four feet four inches in height, then every five such children over and above the aforesaid proportion of two fifths, shall be deemed and taken to be equal to four of the said slaves, within the true intent and meaning of this adfl.

X. Provided always, That the number of slaves taken or to be taken on board any vessel, of any measurement whatsoever, in confluence of the regulations and allowances of this act, shall: in no case exceed four hundred.

XI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the case of 2 ship taking on board any number of slaves that shall be found shipwrecked, -or from on board any other ship or vessel where, by reason of mutiny or in-furredlion among the slaves or the crew, or by failure of hands, or by any actual distress of the vessel, the master or commander shall be disabled from governing the ship or continuing the voyage, the proof of which shall lie upon the master or other person having charge of such ship or vessel so taking on board such

Masters of vessels- not to remove false decks for the reception of slaves, till such slaves are landed, on penalty of 200l.

slaves.

XII. And be it further enacted, That after the surveying officer shall have examined and measured any ship or vessel hereinbefore directed, it shall not be lawful for the master or owner thereof to remove, or cause to be removed, any floor or false deck which shall have been fixed in the hold for the reception of slaves, as herein- before directed, except for the purpose of loading or unloading his said vessel on the outward-bound voyage, or other unavoidable necessity, or to do, or cause or suffer to be done, any other matter or thing whereby the height of the places or apartments allotted for the reception of slaves shall be diminished, until all the slaves which shall have been taken cn board such ship or vessel shall have been discharged or landed therefrom, under the penalty of two hundred pounds for every such offence.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That on the Arrival of any such Ship or Vessel in any Island in the West Indies belonging to or under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, from the Coast of Africa, carrying or conveying any such Slaves as aforesaid, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, before any of the said Slaves shall be unshipped or landed from such Ship or Vessel, repair to the nearest Custom House, and there give in a written Declaration to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, (who is hereby required to accept and preserve the same,) of the greatest Number of Slaves permitted to be carried in such Ship or Vessel, and shall at the Same Time shew to such Officer the Certificate annexed to the Clearance thereof, and shall also give in a written Declaration to the said Officer, (who is hereby required to accept and preserve the same), containing an exact and true account

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 8o, 329

of the greatest Number of such Slaves, (distinguishing the Number of Males and Females, and Specifying the Number of such Slaves as shall exceed the aforesaid Height of four Feet four Inches,) who are or shall have been at any one Time in or on board such Ship or Vessel, before, when, or after such Ship or Vessel quitted or departed from the Coast of Africa for that Voyage; and if such Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall unship or land, or shall cause to be unshipped or landed, or shall wilfully permit or suffer to be unshipped or landed, any such Slaves, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Master or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every such Offence, and one Moiety of the said Forfeiture shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety shall go to the person or persons who shall first sue for the same;

[Officers of the Customs shall take an Account of the Slaves on board such Vessels, &c. on Penalty of 500l.]

and it shall and may be lawful for such Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, and he is hereby required, to search or to cause Search to be made in every Part of such Ship or Vessel, to see and to take an Account of the Number of such Slaves on board such Ship or Vessel, and to Specify in such Account the Number of Males and Females, and also the Number of Slaves not exceeding four Feet four Inches in Height, and without Delay to transmit such Account, attested under his Hand and Seal, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in London, under the Penalty of five hundred Pounds.

[Where there is no Officer of the Customs, any Civil Officer may receive the Declaration of the Master, &c.]

XIV. Provided always, That in case the said Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs shall be absent, or that there shall be no such Officer in any such Island where the said Ship shall arrive as aforesaid, or in case there shall be no other Officer of the Revenue, then any Civil Officer in the said Island shall be, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Application as aforesaid, to receive and preserve the said Declaration of the Burthen of such Ship as aforesaid, and to perform all the other Duties aforesaid, which the said Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs is hereby required to perform.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any person making any Penalty on declaration by this act authorised or required to be made, shall make false thereip be guilty of wilful falsehood, or if any person shall procure ^eciaration* or suborn any person to become guilty of such wilful falsehood,

every such person shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be punished by such fine as the court, before whom such offender shall have been tried and convifed, shall think fit to order or adjudge, and also by imprisonment for any time not exceeding twelve nor lets than three calendar months, from the time of such sentence.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful No vessel to for the master or other person taking or having the charge or an^, command of any such ship or vessel, to take or have on board enteredUfor 3 such ship or vessel, or convey, carry, bring, or transport any that purpose slaves from the coast of Africa to any parts beyond the seas, in at clearing any such ship or vessel as aforesaid, unless the surgeon of or be- e^g, tuIfUn" longing to such ship or vessel shall have given bond to hiSgeon give*'

Majesty, bond to keep.

33

a journal of the slaves during the voyage;

journal is to be delivered the officer of the culloms, at the first

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 80. [1798.

Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall have left the same in the hands of the collector or comptroller of the customs in the port from whence such ship or vessel shall depart for such voyage to the coast of Africa, in the penal sum of one hundred pounds, with condition that such surgeon shall keep a regular and true journal, containing an account of the greatest number of slaves which shall have been at any time during such voyage on board such Chip or vessel, from the time of the arrival of such ship or vessel on the coast of Africa as aforesaid, until her arrival at the port of her delivery, distinguishing the number of males and females, and of the deaths of any such slaves or crew of the said ship or vessel, and of the cause thereof, during the voyage, from the first departure of the said ship or vessel to her arrival on the coast of Africa, during her stay on the said coast, and after her departure from thence to the said port of delivery, or during such time as such surgeon shall have been on board such ship or vessel; and that the said surgeon shall deliver such journal to the collector or other officer as aforesaid, at the first British port where such ship or vessel shall arrive after leaving the coast of Africa^ and shall deliver in a written declaration of the truth of such British port of journal, to the best of his knowledge and belief, to such collector arnva, rc. or ot^er 0fcer as aforesaid, who is hereby required to accept and Officer to de- preserve the same; and such collector or other officer as afore-masteraco ^ai^> ^lver to nia^er or other person as aforesaid,

bf^iis^ecla- anc* to ^urgeon respectively, copies of the declaration of such ration, and to master or other person, and of such surgeon as aforesaid, and also the surgeon a of the said journal; which copies shall severally be attested (as true ^ournaf and C0P'es) by such collector or other officer as aforesaid, under his transmit du- hand and leal, and duplicates of the said copies (attested in like plicates to the manner) shall be transmitted by the said collector or other chief commissioners officer to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in London;

and if such master or person taking or having the charge or command of any such ship or veil'd shall carry his cargo of slaves to, and land the whole or any part in any port or ports not subject to the crown of Great Britain, and shall afterwards arrive at any British island or port, having delivered the whole or any part of his said cargo, such master or other person, and also the surgeon of such ship or vessel, shall make the same declaration, deliver in the same journal to, and take the same oaths before the collectors or other chief officers of the customs, or civil officer of the island or port, and receive the same attested certificate, in like manner as if he had first arrived at such island or port; and if the said ship or vessel shall not arrive at any Britif island or port before her return to Great Britain, then the said master or other person, and surgeon, shall make the said declaration, deliver in the said journal to, and take the said oaths before the collector or other chief officer of the customs of the port where they shall first land, which the collector or chief officer is hereby empowered and required to receive and administer; and the said collector or other chief officer shall forthwith transmit the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in London\ and if such master or surgeon shall act contrary hereto, such master or surgeon shall,

of the cut toms.

Matters or surgeons acting contrary hereto, to forfeit col.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 80.

for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof shall go to any person or persons who shall sue for the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, shall be convxtted of any one of the said offences before mentioned, and shall not, within the space of fourteen days, pay or cause the same to be paid into the hands of the proper officer of the court wherein the offence shall be prosecuted, in order that the same may be applied in manner herein directed, the amount of the penalty on such conviction, it shall and may be lawful for any admiral or other commander at sea of any of the ships of war or other ships having commission from his Majesty, or from his heirs or successors, or for any governor of any island or plantation to his Majesty belonging, in America or the West Indies, or for any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, to seize and detain the said ship or vessel wherever found, and to convey the same to the cuttom house nearest to the place where (he shall be found, and the collector or other principal officer of the customs of such cuttom house shall, and he is hereby required to cause every such ship or vessel to be sold publickly by auction, and the produce arising by such sale thereof, to apply towards satisfying the said penalty, and if there shall remain any overplus, to pay the same over to such person or persons as shall prove his, her, or their property therein, or to his, her, or their lawful assigns.

XVIII. And whereas it may happen that the master or other person having the command of such fjip or vessel so prof edited and convicted.\ may be unable to pay such penalty or penalties incurred, be it enacted, That as soon as such ship or vessel shall arrive in any of the said islands, and due notice of such arrival shall have been given at the cuttom house thereof, the owner or owners of the said ship or vessel, or his, her, or their fadior or agent to whom such ship and cargo are consigned, shall give bond, in the penal sum of five thousand pounds, to the collector or other officer of the customs, for the full and jutt payment of such penalty or penalties as may be awarded against such captain or other officer by the verdictl of a jury.

XIX. And it is hereby enacted, That no such ship or vessel shall be permitted or (uttered to enter or clear inwards until such bond shall be first given; and it shall be lawful for any officer of the customs to detain such ship or vessel with all her cargo on board, until such bondi shall be entered into as before required.

XX. Provided always, That no suit against such captain or other officer shall be prosecuted in any island, unless the same shall be commenced within one month after uue notice given of the ship's arrival, to the collector or other officer of the customs in the said island.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no ship or vessel which shall be cleared out from any port in Great Britain, for the purpose

If penalty on matters be not paid within 14 days, their vessels may be seized and fold.

On arrival of

vessels in America or the West Indies, the owners to give bond for payment of penalties, See.

Vessels not to be admitted to entry till bond is given, &c.

Suits to be commenced within one month.

No vessel to be cleared out a second time, till an at-

tufted copy ct the declaration of the matter, and

331 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 80. [1798.

pose of shipping and carrying slaves from the coast of Africa, after the first day of August next after the passing of this act, shall be permitted to be cleared oat again for the same purpose, journal of the untl^ an attested copy of the declaration of the matter, and also surgeon, See. of the journal of the surgeon, and also the mutter roll of the of the preced- said vessel for or during her !aft preceding voyage to the said coast: of Africa, shall have been deposited with the collector or other sited wVtTthe chief otticer of the customs at the port from which (he failed on collector at such last preceding voyage, the port of clearance.

Where penal-

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the several penalties to .y be and forfeitures inflicted by this act shall and may be sued for,

ue ror' prosecuted, and recovered in any court of vice admiralty in any part of America, or in any island in the IVef Indies, wherein any such offence shall have been committed, or wherein any such ship or vessel shall have disposed of the whole or any part of her cargo, or in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh.

If any person

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the take the_com- first <jay of August next after the passing of this act, it shall not -  be lawful for any person to become a matter, or take or have the command or charge of any such ship or vessel, at the time he shall dear out from any port of Great Britain, for purchasing and carrying Oaves from the coast of Africa, unless such matter or person taking or having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, shall have made oath, and delivered in to the collector or other chief officer of the customs, at the port where such ship or vessel shall clear out, a certificate, attetted by the respective owner or owners of the ships or vessels in which he has formerly served, that he has already served in such capacity during one voyage, or shall have served as chief mate or surgeon during the whole of two voyages, or either as chief or other mate during three voyages, in purchasing and carrying slaves from the coast of Africa, under pain that such matter or other person taking or hiving the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, and also the owner or owners who shall hire or employ such person, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds.

XXIV. And whereas by an act, made in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, and several preceding adis, it is enacted, That, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, it should not be lawful for any owner or owners of any ship or vessel to insure any cargo of saves, or any part thereof on board the same, against any loss or damage, five and except the perils of the sea, piracy, insurrection, or capture by the King,s enemies, barratry of the maser and crew, and defir udiion by fire, and that all and every policy of insurance thereafter made contrary to the said act should be, and the same are thereby declared to be null and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever: and whereas the ozuners of flips, and others concerned in the trade to Africa, understanding that it was merely intended by the above mentioned provision of the said

mand of a vtfitl, who is not qualified as herein directed, he, and also the owner, shall forfeit 500l.

Former acts jecited.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 8o. 333

fold aft, to prescribe and spedfy the particular kinds of loss and damage for which alone an indemnity Jboidd thereafter he recoverable in respect to cargoes of slaves, and not to interfere with, or vary the particular forms of the policies of insurance whereby such inf trances had been theretofore effected, have continued to make infuranees on the perils and dangers allovoed to be insured by the said act, in the same general terms as are contained in the common policies theretofore used in other infuranees on ships and goods: and whereas doubts have arisen respecting the validity of such infuranees so made on cargoes of slaves, on account of the policies whereby the same are effected not being expressly refrained to the particular perils and dangers which are by the said provison of the said act alone saved and excepted as the subjects of la wful insurance: for remedy whereof and for the more effectual security of such persons, be it Therefore enacted.

That nothing in the said a<tt, or any former act contained, shall and nothing extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any insurance therein to already made, or which hereafter shall be made, upon ships, ^ftn^nces flaveSj goods, and merchandize, in the same general terms with ma(je in the the policies now commonly made use of in all other infuranees lame general on ships and goods; (that is to say), On account of their ex-terrns as pressing to be made " against the rifles and perils of the seas, ranees1*1 U- men of war, fire, enemies, pirates, rovers, thieves, jettisons, let-9ters of mart and countermart, surprisals, takings at sea, arrests, restraints and detainments of kings, princes, and people, of what nation, condition, or quality soever, barratry of the matter and mariners, and of all other perils, losses, and misfortunes, that have or shall come to the detriment or damage thereof."

XXV. Provided nevertheless, That under such Policies of Assurance so made or to be made, no Loss or Damage shall hereafter be recoverable on Account of the Mortality of Slaves by natural Death or ill Treatment, or against Loss by throwing overboard of Slaves on any Account whatsoever, or against Loss or Damage by Restraints and Detainments by Kings, Princes, People, or Inhabitants of Africa, where it shall be made appear that such Loss or Damage has been occasioned through any Aggression for the Purpose of procuring Slaves, and committed by the Master of any such Ship, or by any person or persons commanding any Boat or Boats, or Party or Parties of Men belonging to any such Ship, or by any person or persons acting by the Direction of any such Master or Commander respectively.

XXVI. And be further enacted, That no such ship or vessel Xo vessel to shall be allowed to clear out, unless it shall appear to the col- that: has^oTa leettor, or other principal officer of the customs at the port, that surgeon who there is one surgeon at least engaged to proceed on board such has polled his ship or vessel, and unless such surgeon shall have produced and examination, delivered to such collecttor, or other principal officer of the

customs, a certificate or warrant of his having passed his examination at surgeons hall, or at some publick or county hospital, or at the royal college of physicians, or royal college of surgeons at Edinburgh, or shall have served as a surgeon or surgeon's mate in his Majesty's fleet or armies, of which certificate

Of

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 80. [1798.

or warrant the said collector, or other principal officer, shall give to the said surgeon an aitefted copy gratis.

XXVII. And, for the better regulation, encouragement, and preservation, of the health of the officers and seamen employed in ships or vessels trading to the coaf of Africa for slaves, and from thence Before any to^Wed indies and America; be it further enacted, That, vessel is clear- front and after the first day of August next after the passing of this themtafttr^S> a(^' ^e^"or'e znY foip or ve^el shall proceed to sea, the mailer, officers, and officers, and mariners, shall sign and execute articles of agree-mari tiers, to ment and a muster roll, in the presence of, and witnessed by the execute arti- clearing officer, and one of the tidesmen of the port from whence men Tin3 thee* t^ie departs, and a duplicate of the articles of agreement forms here- and muster roll, duly signed and executed, shall be delivered to unto annexed; the aforesaid clearing officer, in order to its being lodged with and no other the proper officer in the custom house, according to the forms life (Ton e- hereunto annexed; which agreement shall be conclusive to all nalty of 50l. Patties for the time contracted for, and no other form whatsoever of articles of agreement, or muster roll, shall be used under the penalty of fifty pounds, one half to be paid to the use of Greenwich hospital, and the other half to the informer, or other person who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's courts of record.

Muster roll to be regularly kept, &c.

Penalty for tigning false muster rolls, &c.

No officer, See. to be turned over or discharged, but under the circumstances herein mentioned.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That a continuation of the muster rolls shall be regularly and duly kept during the voyage, also a log book, wherein all penalties, forfeitures, and charges against any officer or seamen, shall be regularly entered, and signed by the master, chief mate, and surgeon; which said log book, and the said muster roll, shall, on the arrival of the ship or vessel at her discharging port in Great Britain, be delivered in to the collector or other chief officer of the customs, together with the written declaration of the truth thereof, which declaration the collector or other chief officer, as aforesaid, is hereby required to accept and preserve; and if any master, chief mate, or surgeon, shall be convicted of signing false muster rolls, articles of agreement, or log book, he or they shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, and shall also suffer six months imprisonment.

XXIX. And belt further enacted, That no officer, mariner, or seaman, shall be turned over or discharged, upon any pretence whatsoever, unless into his Majesty's ships of war, or to assist a ship in actual distress, which is to be certified by the principal officers of both ships concerned, and an agreement made in writing with the said officers or men so lent, or upon preferment, or under ill state of health, with the consent of the party, for which a certificate shall be given from the captain of any of his Majesty's ships or vessels, if any are present, or in their absence two justices of the peace, or the collector or comptroller of the customs at the place or port where such ship or vessel shall be, or shall first arrive, where certificate shall be returned with the muster roll and log book, on the arrival of the ship at her delivering port in Great Britain.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 80. 33

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no matter, command- No flops, &c. er, or other person, shall supply the officers or mariners, Teamen hefupplied or seafaring men, with more flops, tobacco, spirits, or any other fourth of the article whatsoever, than to the amount of one fourth part of the monthly monthly wages of such officer, mariner, Teaman, or seafaring wages, man.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any officer, ma- Regulations riner, or Teaman, shall behave in a riotous, seditious, or mu-

tinous manner, it shall be lawful for the commander or com- behaving in a manding officer to put such officer, mariner, or Teaman into riotous, fedi-confinement, for a time not exceeding twenty-four hours before tious, or mu-the same is reported to the captain or commander of any of his tmous man- Majesty's ships or vessels, (being present or within a convenient distance), who is hereby authorised to enquire into the cause of such complaint, and to examine upon oath, if found necessary, and to grant such relief or remedy therein as the circumstances of the case may require; and in case none of his Majesty's ships are present, the cause of complaint shall be fully examined into by the matter and two officers, in the presence of the ship's company, and if it shall be judged necessary for the safety of the ship and cargo to continue the offender or offenders in confinement, such determination shall be drawn up in writing, with the reasons of coming to such resolution ttated at large, and signed by the matter and two officers, which they are hereby enjoined, under the penalty of fifty pounds, to report without delay to the captain or commander of the first ship or vessel belonging to his Majesty they may fall in with, and in default thereof to report the same to the governor or chief officer of any British fort on the coatt of Africa, or to the governor of any of the West India islands, on their arrival at any port or road therein, that such measures may be taken to bring the offender or offenders to justice, as the nature of the case will admit.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the matter or other Matter to person having or taking the charge or command of every such ship cause a print-or vessel, shall cause a printed abstract of this act, and also a

copy of the schedule (A.) and of the mutter roll respectively to be deliver-annexed to this actt, to be delivered to each of the officers of the ed to each of said ship or vessel, and also a copy of each, videlicet, of the said the officers, abstract, schedule, and mutter roll, to be hung up and affixed to j^j; 0 be.n the mott publick place of such ship or vessel, and shall cause the thTmolt pub-fame to be constantly kept and renewed, so that at all times they lick place in may be- aeceffible to the officers and seamen on board of such his vessel, on ship or vessel, upon pain that every such matter or other person ot

having or taking the charge or command of every such ship or vessel, who shall neglect to affix and renew the same, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any officer. If mutinous mariner, or seaman, charged with mutiny or fedirioft, shall be officers, Redelivered over or taken in custody by the order of the governor enttod^1 l or chief officer of any fort on the coatt of Africa, or the go- Africa or the vernor of any of the islands in the British We; } Indies, a full West Indies, a.

tt a j e m c n t hate rn e n t,

33$

upon oath, to be lodged with the governor, &c. and if the witnesses do not appear at the trial, they shall incur a penalty.

Officers, See. to continue in pay till the vessel is cleared inwards.

Wages of run men to go to Greenwich hospital, &c.

Where offences may be tried, and penalties sued for.

Limitation of actions.

Delivery of writs on board vessels, to be deemed legal service.

Persons taking false oaths, to incur the pains of perjury,

See.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 80. [1798.

statement upon oath, which they are hereby empowered to administer, shall be made out and lodged with the said governor, together with the names of the witnesses who are to support the charge alledged against the prisoner or prisoners, in order to their being sent home for trial, at the next admiralty sessions, for the offence or offences alledged against him or them; and in case the said witness or witnesses shall neglect to appear at the trial upon being duly summoned, he or they shall incur such penalty as the court shall adjudge.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That upon the arrival of every ship or vessel at her discharging port in Great Britain, the officers and seamen therein shall be continued in full pay and provisions until the ship is cleared inwards, or their accounts are settled and paid; and that all wages due to run men shall be forfeited, and paid one half to the use of Greenwich hospital, and the other half to the merchants hospital of the port to which such ship belongs, and all other forfeitures shall be applied as is specified in the articles of agreement \ any custom, law, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That any offence committed in breach or violation of this act, may be tried in any court of oyer and terminer in any county in England. wherein any such offence shall have been committed, or in case any such offence shall have been committed on the seas, or in parts beyond the seas, then in such county within which the ship on board which such offence shall have been committed shall have cleared out, or in the county of Middlesex; and any penalty or forfeiture inflicted by this act may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in any court of record in Great Britain; and in every such action or suit, the party against whom judgement shall be given (whether plaintiff or defendant) shall pay double costs of suit; and every such action shall and may be brought at any time within three years after the offence comimtted, and not afterwards; and every such action shall be carried on without wilful delay.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any master or other person having or taking the charge or command of any ship or vessel, shall be prosecuted on account of any offence committed against this act, and the officer whole business it shall be to serve the writ or process issuing out of the court in which such master or other person shall be prosecuted, shall not be able to find the said master or other person so prosecuted, either on board the said vessel, or on shore or elsewhere, of which such officer shall give publick notice in such court, then, and in all such cases, the delivery of the said writ or process on board the said ship or vessel of which the said person shall have had the charge or command, shall be deemed due and legal service of the said writ or process.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person taking any oath by this act authorised or required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful perjury, or if any person shall unlawfully

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 80. 337

lawfully procure or suborn any person to take any oath by this act authorised or required to be taken, whereby such person shall commit wilful perjury, every such person shall incur and suffer the like pains and penalties as are by law inflicted upon persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury or subornation of perjury.

XXXVIII. And whereas by an act passed in the thirty fie end Clause in year of the reign of his present Majesty, and which was afterwards former a#s continued by several subsequent atts> it was enacted, That, from and certificates1^ after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety- qualification two, it shall not be lawful for any person to become a master, or take required to be or have the command or charge of any such ship or vessel^ at the time given by maf-he J, hall clear out from any port of Great Britain for purchasing and ters> rect e carrying fiaves from the coajl of Africa, unless such mqsler or person taking or having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel shall have made oath, and delivered in to the collector or other chief officer of the customs at the port where such ship or vessel shall clear out, a certificate, atiefted by the respective owner or owners that he has already served in such capacity during one voyage, or shall have served afrchief mate or surgeon during the whole of two voyages, or either as chief or other mate during three voyages, in purchasing and carrying saves from the coafi of Africa, under pain that such mofier or other person taking or having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, and afo the owner or owners who shall hire pr employ such person, shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds: and whereas doubts have arifien Doubts arising ref petting the confiruttion of the above mentioned clause, whether the certificate thereby required to be delivered in to the collector or other attested. chief officer of the customs, should be attested by the respective owner or owners of any firip or vessel wherein the person or persons then about to take the command of the ship or vessel required to be cleared out, had formerly failed in same or one of the capacities by the said att specified and required, or by the respective owner or owners of the ship or vessel in which such person or persons vjas or were then about to Jail as the master or commander thereof as believing the fatts fated in the affidavit of such person or persons then about to have or take the charge or command of any such finp or vessel to be true: and whereas, in consequence of such doubts, the collectors or other chief officers of the customs at the ports of London and Liverpool, doubting the meaning and confiruttion of the said attsy have required and taken certificates attested in both the ways before mentioned., and cleared out ships or vejfds under each form of certificate, in consequence of which great inconveniences have arfen, and doubts have been made touching the legality of the policies of infur an ce made upon such ships or vessels; be it therefore further enacted, That nothing Policies of in-in the said former acts of parliament herein-before mentioned, or in any of them contained, shall extend, or be construed to i^n ot-1^3 extend, to impeach, invalidate, or make void any policy or po- act, not to be licies of insurance which shall have been made before the passing void byreafoti of this act, by reason or in consequence of any certificate or ^vei/unde^ certificates which have been required and given, in order to the Voi. XLII. Z clearing to!

338 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 80. [1798.

clearing out any ship or vessel employed in the slave trade to the coast of Africa, by the owner or owners of the ship or vessel then about to clear out and to fail, or by the owner or owners of some other ship or vessel in whose employ the person then about to fail had been formerly employed and failed, or to inflict any penalty or penalties upon the owner or owners of such ship or vessel: provided always, That the matter contained in such affidavits of the owner or owners heretofore made as aforesaid shall have been, and in such affidavits as shall hereafter be made shall be, true in substance and matter of fatft.

Ports from

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

ffialTbeVckarS- *" next a^ter Passing of this act, no ship or

ed out for vessel shall be permitted to be entered or cleared outwards, for

carrying. the purpose of shipping and carrying slaves from the coast of

slaves. Africa, from any part of his Majesty's dominions, except the

ports of London, Liverpool, and Bristol

SCHEDULE (A.)

ARTICLES of agreement between the master, officers, mariners, seamen, and seafaring men, of the ship bound

from the port of upon an intended voyage to the coast of Africa for from thence to the

West Indies, or America, and afterwards to in Great Britain, or to her delivering port in Europe.

FIRST, The master does hereby covenant, agree, and engage, with the said officers, seamen, seafaring men, landsmen, and boys, That he will pay, or cause to be paid, to each and every of them, at the rate of the wages per month, sterling value, '^ts against each person's name is expressed in the muster roll.

Secondly, The said master does further agree and engage with the said officers, mariners, seamen, seafaring men, landsmen, and boys, that they shall be daily and regularly supplied with good and wholesome victuals, and a portion of wine or spirits, as hereafter specified; the said provisions to be issued and dressed in the usual manner in which it is done on board his Majesty's ships of war, and served out to the ship's company, in the manner following; (videlicet),

Sunday, One pound and an half of beef containing sixteen ounces to the pound, and a pint of flour. Monday, One pound of pork, containing sixteen ounces, to the pound, and half a pint of pease. Tuesday, One pint of oatmeal, and two ounces of butter, and four ounces of cheese; or, one pound of flock fish, with one-eighth of a pint of oil, and a quarter of a pint of vinegar, in lieu of butter and cheese.

Wednesday, The same as Monday.

Thursday, The same as Sunday.

Friday, The same as Tuesday.

Saturday, The same as Monday.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 80. 339

Each person besides to have six pounds of bread per week; and a quarter of a pint of spirits, or half a pint of wine, together with of water per day during the voyage.

In lieu of pcafe and oatmeal may be served rice, Indian corn, yams, or calavances.

In case of being put to short allowance, the master, officers, and seamen, are to be at the same allowance of provisions and water, and to be allowed short allowance money, at the rate of three-pence per day if at two thirds allowance, and four-pence halfpenny per day per man, if at half allowance, and to be paid their short allowance money ten days before the vessel fails from the West Indies or America.

And it is hereby further covenacted and agreed by and between the said parties, That the master of the said ship, at his or the owners proper cost and charge, will hire and employ the natives in their craft, to wood and water the said ship, during her continuance oil the coast of Africa, if such natives can be procured, under the direction of a patroon belonging to the said ship.

And it is further agreed on the part of the said master, That whenever the officers and seamen are employed trading in craft up the rivers, that the said master will, on the part of the owners, furnish the parties so employed with a sufficient quantity of painted canvas, or tarpawling, for an awning, and provisions for the time, in the proportion per diem as is set forth in thfe foregoing article, with proper utensils and fire to dress the same; and upon failure thereof, for every such neglect he shall forfeit double the value of provisions.

The said master does further agree and engage. That there shall be a space reserved for two third parts of the ship's company to shelter themselves while the slaves are on board; if a frigate-built ship, it shall be under the half deck, or in the steerage, or under a standing awning of wood, well caulked, in any other ship or vessel.

It is hereby further agreed by the said master. That he will not, upon any pretence whatsoever, turn over or discharge any of the officers or ship's company belonging to the said ship, unless on promotion, or to assist a ship actually in distress, and not then unless properly certified as before expressed in this act; and the said master does hereby further agree to advance one month's pay to the officers and ship's company, before the said ship departs from Great Britain, at the time of settling the river or harbour pay, and that the monthly wages shall commence from that period: and it is further agreed by the said master. That he will pay, or cause to be paid, one month's pay after the landing of the (laves in the West Indies or America, ten days before the failing of the said ship on her homeward-bound passage: and also the said master engages to make the general signal for failing twenty-four hours before the departure of the said ship, videlicet, by loosing the foretopfail and firing a gun.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 80. [1798.

And we the officers, mariners, seamen, seafaring men, landsmen, and boys, in consideration of the monthly or other wages, foregoing stipulations and engagements, do severally promise and agree, and bind ourselves by these presents, to behave with due subordination and respect, and to obey the lawful commands of our commander or superior officers on board the said ship, or boats thereunto belonging, as becomes good and faithful seamen and mariners; and at all places where the ship shall touch at, put into, or anchor, during the said voyage, to do our utmost endeavours for the preservation of the said ship and cargo, and not to neglect or refuse doing our duty by night or by day, nor go out of the said ship on board any other vessel, or be on Shore tinder any pretence whatsoever, without leave first obtained of our commander or commanding officer on board; and further. That we will on no account whatsoever leave or desert the said ship without the mailer's consent, (unless to serve on board any of his Majesty's ships), till the abovesaid voyage be ended, and the said ship discharged, under the forfeiture of our wages: and we do further agree, That when absent upon leave, we will immediately repair on board when required Co to do by our commander, or any of our superior officers, on failure thereof to forfeit for such disobedience (even days pay, to be charged against our wages, for every such offence: and we do further agree and acknowledge, That forty-eight hours absence without leave shall be deemed a total desertion from the said ship, and our wages forfeited as above agreed on, unless good and sufficient cause can be assigned for such absence.

And it is further agreed by us the said officers and mariners belonging to the said ship, That we will not demand our wages, or any part thereof, except the value of a fourth part of our wages, to be supplied in (lops or other necessaries, and one month's pay, with our short allowance money, then due in the West Indies or America, until the arrival of the said ship at her delivering port, except we should be impressed or enter on board any of his Majesty's ships, or be discharged by mutual consent, agreeably to the foregoing certificate, as specified in the act.

And it is hereby further agreed by us the said officers, mariners, seamen, seafaring men, landsmen, and boys, That whatever stores, furniture, or apparel, each or any of us receive into our charge belonging to the said ship, shall be accounted for; and in-case any thing Should be loft or damaged by our negligence or carelessness, it shall be made good to the masters or owners, out of the wages of such officers or seamen by whole negligence it has happened.

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE (B).

MUSTER ROLL.

23 CAP. ^I

Officers and Men's Names. Quality. Where born. <u < Years at Sea. Time of F.ntry, anri Place where. Time when, and Place where, discharged, died, run, or drowned. I Cause of Discharge, 1 Death, or drowned.  -6 1* w 0 0^CT3 Ij Wages per Month. Advance Money. Hospital Duty. Amount of Slops supplied. Amount of Dead Men's Cloaths. Amount of Short Allowance Money. Total Amount of W'ages due when discharged, See. Scc. Amount of Run Men's Pay.

X- s. d. X- d. X. X. J. X- s, d 11 1; X-. d. X. r- d.

V

Vo

Co

D

o

O

n>

n

CD

3

o

3

O

3

O

O

w

o

o

p

oo

o

342.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. Si.

[1798.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen.

[July 12, 1799.]

nm'ole.

WHEREAS great numbers of journeymen mamfaShtrers and workmen in various parts of this kingdom, have, by unlawful meetings and combinations, endeavoured to obtain advance of their wages, and to effectuate other illegal purposes; and the la ws at present in force against such unlawful conduit have been found to be inadequate to the supprejfon thereof, whereby it is become necessary that more effectual provison should be made against such unlawful combinations \ and for preventing such unlawful practices in future, and for bringing such offenders to more speedy and exemplary justice: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the All contracts same, That, from and after the passing of this act, all contracts.

heretofore entered into by workmen for obtaining an advance of wages, altering the usual time of work-

covenants, and agreements whatsoever, in wilting, or not in writing, at any time or times heretofore made or entered into by or between any journeymen manufacturers or other workmen, or other persons within this kingdom, for obtaining an advance of wages of them, or any of them, or any other journeymen manufacturers or workmen, or other persons in any manning, decreaf- facture, trade, or business, or for lessening or altering their or in or the quan- any of their usual hours or time of working, or for decreasing

tity of work, &c. illegal.

Every work' man, after passing this act, who

the quantity of work, or for preventing or hindering any person or persons from employing whomsoever he, she, or they shall think proper to employ in his, her, or their manufacture, trade, or business, or for controlling or anyway affecting any person or persons carrying on any manufacture, trade, or business, in the conduct or management thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be illegal, null, and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That no journeymen, workmen, or other persons shall, at any time after the passing of this act, make or enter into, or be concerned in the making of or shall be guilty entering into any such contract, covenant or agreement, in writ-of any such ing or not fn writing, as is herein-before declared to be an ilie-b^commiined covenant? contract, or agreement; and every journeyman.

to the common gaol, or the house of correction j

workman, or other person who, after the passing of this act, shall be guilty of any of the said offences, being thereof lawfully convicted, upon his own confession, or the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such offence shall be committed, (which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby authorised and empowered to administer in such case, and in all other cases where aa oath is to be taken before any justice or justices of the peace in pursuance of this act), within three calendar

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 81. 343

months next after the offence shall have been committed, shall, by order of such justice or justices, be committed to and confined in the common gaol within his or their jurisdiction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, or, at the discretion of such justice or justices, shall be committed to some house of correction within the same jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

III. And be it further enacted, That every journeyman or as also any workman, or other person who shall, at any time after the paf- workman en-sing of this act, enter into any combination to obtain an act- ^y^combina-vance of wages, or to leften or alter the hours or duration of the tion for ad-time of working, or to decrease the quantity of work, or for any vancing other purpose contrary to this act, or who shall, by giving wages, &c.^money, or by persuasion, solicitation, or intimidation, or any endeavouAo other means, directly or indirectly, endeavour to prevent any prevent any unhired or unemployed journeyman, or workman, or other per- workman son in any manufacture, trade, or business, or any other person fron? wanting employment in such manufacture, trade, or business, pi^ilonhiin from hiring himself to any manufacturer or tradesman, or person to quit his conducting any manufacture, trade, or business, or who shall, employment, for the purpose of obtaining an advance of wages or for any other purpose contrary to the provisions of this act by any means whatsoever, directly or indirectly, cjecoy, persuade, solicit, intimidate, influence, or prevail, or attempt or endeavour to prevail, on any journeyman, or workman, or other person hired or employed, or to be hired or employed, in any such manufacture, trade, or business, to quit or leave his work, service, or employment, or who shall hinder or prevent, or attempt to hinder or prevent any manufacturer or tradesman, or other person, from employing in his or her manufacture, trade, or business, such journeyman, workman, and other persons as he or she shall think proper, or who, being hired or employed shall refuse to work with any other journeyman or workman- employed or hired to work therein, and who shall be lawfully convicted of any of the said offences, upon his own confession, or the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place where such offence shall be committed, within three calendar months next after the offence shall have been committed, shall, by order of such justice or justices, be committed to and confined in the common gaol within his or their jurisdiction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, or otherwise be committed to some house of correction within the same jurisdicton, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

IV. And for the more effectual suppression of all combinations amongst journeymen, workmen, and other persons employed in any manufacture, trade, or business, be it further enacted, That all and every persons and person whomsoever (whether employed in any attend

z^inch any-mutiny

none oi ing any such i con-

344 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 81., [1798.

for the pur- such manufacture, trade, or business, or not) who shall attend

: i mak- any meeting had or held for the purpose of making or entering into any contrail, covenant, or agreement, by this act declared

or who to be illegal, or of entering into, Supporting, maintaining, con-

iK.illsummons tinuing, or carrying on any combination for any purpose by this

o' endeavour a6V declared to be illegal, or who shall summons, give notice to,

yo induce any caj]_ Upon persuade, entice, solicit, or by intimidation or any journeyman.r m v ru i -., J

o attend any other means directly or indirectly enoeavour to induce any jour-

such meeting, neyman, workman, or other person employed in any manufac-or who fhalb ture, trade, or business, to attend any such meeting, or who mone^ a&c shall dolled!, demand, ask, or receive any sum of money from money, c. any such journeyman, workman, or other person, for any of the purposes aforesaid, or who shall persuade, entice, foiicir, or by intimidation or any other means directly or indirectly, endeavour to induce any such journeyman, workman, or other person* to enter into or be concerned in any such combination, or to quit or leave his work, service, or employment, or who shall pay any sum of money, or make or enter into any subscription or contribution for or towards the support or encouragement of any such illegal meeting or combination, and who shall be lawfully convicted of any of the said offences, upon his own consession, or the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more juifice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such offence shall be committed, within three calendar months next after the offence shall have been committed, shall, by order of such juillce or justices, be committed to and confined in the common gaol within his or their jurisdiction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, or otherwise be committed to some house of correction within the same, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

V. And be it further enacted, That no person (whether employed as a journeyman or workman in any manufacture, trade or business, or not) shall at any time after the passing of this act pay or give any sum or sums of money, or valuable thing, as a subscription or contribution for the purpose of paying any expences incurred or to be incurred by any person acting contrary to the provisions of this act, or shall by payment of money or other means, support or maintain any journeyman, workman, or any person to other person, or contribute towards his support or maintenance, work ^or t^le PurP^e inducing him to refuse to work, or to be hired on penalty oV or employed in any manufacture, trade, or business, and every rol. and person who shall be guilty of any such offence shall forfeit and every person ]0fe any sum not exceeding the sum of ten pounds, and every codeccing^ journeyman, workman, and other person, who shall collect or

/hch purposes rece, ve any money or valuable thing for any of the purposes afore? iTull-forfeit said, shall forfeit and lose any sum not exceeding the sum of five

5l. pounds; and all and every of the said offences shall be heard and

determined in a summary way, before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty,

No person shall contribute for any expencesincurred for acting contrary to this aitt, or towards the support of

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 3l. 345

town, or place, where such offence shall be committed, and the conviction for the same may be had and made upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, and the amount of the forfeiture or penalty for every such offence shall be fixed and determined by such justice or justices, but not exceeding the several sums herein-before mentioned; and in case Penalty may #ny such forfeiture or penalty shall not be forthwith paid, pur- bekviedby suant to such conviction, such justice or justices shall, by warrant under his or their hand or hands, cause the same to be levied by the offender distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, together may be com-with all costs and charges attending such distress and sale; and fitted to in case no fufffcient distress can be had, such justice or justices ^a

shall, by warrant under his or their hand or hands, commit the offender to the common gaol, or some house of correction within his or their jurisdiction, there to remain, without bail or main-prize, for any time not exceeding three calendar months nor less than two calendar months.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all sums of money, which at any time-heretofore have been paid or given as a subscription or contribution for or towards any of the purposes prohibited by this act, and shall, for the space of three calendar months next after the passing of this act, remain undivided in the hands of any treasurer, collector, receiver, trustee, agent, or other person, or placed out at interest, and all sums of money which shall at any time after the passing of this act be paid or given as a subscription or contribution for or towards any of the purposes prohibited by this act, shall be forfeited, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, and the other moiety to such person as will sue for the same in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; and any treasurer, collector, receiver, trustee, agent, or other person, in whose hands or in whose name any such sum of money shall be or shall be placed out, or unto whom the same shall have been paid or given, shall and may be sued for the same as forfeited as aforesaid.

Contributions for any of the purposes prohibited by this anot divided for three months after pilling thereof, to be forfeited, as also all future contributions for such purposes.

VII. And, for the better discovery of all sums of money which have beem or fall be paid or given for any purpose prohibited by this act,

be it further enacted, That all and every the persons and person Persons liable who shall or may be liable by virtue of this aCI to be sued for the to be fue4or same, shall be obliged and compellable to answer upon oath to any ^r^uclfpur-infonnation which shall or maybe preferred against them or him poses com-in any court of equity, by or in the name of his Majesty's at- pellable to an-torney general, on the part of his Majesty, or at the relation ofwer on. ath any informer, for discovering the sum and sums of money so paid mation^r*1'" or given, for any of the prohibited purposes aforesaid; and such 'ferred against court shall and may make such orders and decrees therein as to them, such court shall seem just, and iio person shall demur to, or refuse to answer such information, by reason of any penalty or forfeiture, to which such person may be liable, in consequence of any discovery which may be fought thereby.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That upon pay- Upon payment into the court, in which such information shall be filed, of ment into,

all court 0 1 le ai money re-

346 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 81. [1798.

maining in the all the money paid or given unto any such treasurer, collector* Tieri'on^VTtfe receiver> trustee, agent, or other person, for any of the prohibited time of filing purposes aforesaid, and remaining in his hands at the time of information, filing such informations, and upon making a full discovery of all and making a the securities in or upon which all such money, which shall not the fe'mpties rema^n^n&n ^IS hands, shall have been placed out or in-

upon which vefied, the person or persons paying such money into court, and other monies making such discovery, shall be acquitted and discharged from shall have been all forfeitures and penalties which shall or may have been incur- rtv^to^e re<^ ky or them by reason of having collected or received discharged such tnoney, or otherwise abled concerning the same, and from from penalty, all abiions and other suits respecting the same, by any person or persons whomsoever; any statute, law, or usage, or any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Offenders may

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every persons be compelled and person who shall or may offend against this act, shall and

to CflVC cvi- 4 J o

cence and" may> equally with all other persons, be called upon and com-shallbeindem- pelled to give his or her teffimony and evidence as a witness or mfied from witnesses on behalf of his Majesty, or of the prosecutor or in-

prosecution former, upon any information to be made or exhibited under lor any mat ter 1^

relative to it. ac^anc* ^at m ca^es5 every person having given

his or her teffimony or evidence as aforesaid, shall be and hereby is indemnified of, from, and against any information to be laid, or prosecution to be commenced, against: him or her for having offended in the matter wherein or relative to which he, she, or they, shall have given teffimony or evidence as aforesaid.

X. And, for the more effectually enforcing and carrying into exe- s may tion the provisions of this act, be it further enacted, That on complaint and information on oath before any justice or justices of the peace, of any offence having been committed against this

Justice ftimmon offenders, and on their not appearing, or abl, within his or their respective jurisdictions, such justice or justices are hereby authorised and required to summon the person or persons charged with being an offender or offenders against this abr, to appear before such justice or justices, at a certain time and place to be specified 3 and if any person or persons so summoned shall not appear according to such summons, then such justices, or any one of them, (proof on oath having

in the first infiance, may issue warrant for their appre-hention, and on their ap-

dc teniuV.Tuie ^cen fifft niade before them or him, of the due service of inch matter. summons upon such person or persons, by delivering the same

to him or them personally, or leaving the same at his or their usual place or places of abode), shall make and issue their or his warrant or warrants for apprehending the person or persons so summoned, and not appearing as aforesaid, and bringing him or them before such justice or justices, or it shall be lawful for such justice or justices, if he or they shall think fit, without issuing any previous summons, and instead of issuing the same, upon such complaint and information on oath as aforesaid, to make and issue his or their warrant or warrants for apprehending the person or persons by such information charged to have offended against this abf, and bringing him or them before such justice or justices 3 and upon the person or persons complained against appearing

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 8l.' 347

pearing upon such summons, or being brought by virtue of such warrant or warrants before such justice or justices, then such justices, or one of them, shall, and they or he are and is hereby authorised and required forthwith to make enquiry touching the matters complained of, and to examine into the same by the oath or oaths of any credible person or persons, as shall be requisite, and to hear and determine the matter of every such complaint, and upon consession by the party, or proof by one or more credible witness or witnesses upon oath, to convict or acquit the party or parties against whom complaint shall have been made as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the justice or justices of the peace, before whom any such com- and on

plaint and information shall be made as aforesaid, and he and their not ap-they are hereby authorised and required, at the request in writ- pearing or re-ing of any of the parties, to issue his or their summons to any witness or witnesses, to appear and give evidence before such justice commiTthTml!' or justices, at the time and place appointed for hearing and determining such complaint, and which time and place shall be specified in such summons; and if any person or persons so summoned to appear as a witness or witnesses as aforesaid, shall not appear before such justice or justices at the time and place speci-cified in such summons, or offer some reasonable excuse for the default, or appearing according to such summons, shall not submit to be examined as a witness or witnesses, and give his or their evidence before such justice or justices, touching the matter of such complaint, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such justice or justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, (proof on oath, in the case of any person not appearing according to such summons, having been first made before such justice or justices of the due service of such summons on every such person, by delivering the same to him or her, or leaving the same at his or her usual place of abode), by warrant under the hands or hand of such justices or one of them, to commit such person or persons so making default in appearing, or appearing and refusing to give evidence, to some prison within the jurisdiction of such justice or justices, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until such person or persons dial] submit himself, herself, or themselves to be examined, and give his, her, or their evidence before such justice or justices as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, the justice or justices Convictions before whom any person or persons shall be convicted of any of- and commit-fence against this act or by whom any person shall be committed Tt"1

to prison for not appearing as a witness, or not submitting to be the form in examined, shall cause all such convictions, and the warrants or the schedule orders for such commitment, to be drawn up in the form or to annexed, the effect set forth in the schedule to this act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the justice or justices Convictions before whom any such conviction shall be had, shall cause the to be trans-fame (drawn up in the form or to the effect herein-before directed) J^xt^enera^ to be fairly written on parchment, and transmitted to the next or general'

general quarter lei-

348

(Ions to be filed, and if appeal he made, the justices lh all then proceed to hearing it.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 81. [1798.

general sessions or general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein such conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the records of the said general sessions or general quarter sessions; and in case any person or persons shall appeal, in manner herein after mentioned, from the judgement of the said justice or justices to the said general sections or general quarter sessions, the justices in such general sessions or general quarter sessions are hereby required, upon receiving such conviction, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal, accord->7o Certiorari ing to the directions of this act; and no Certiorari shall be granted to be granted, to remove any conviction or other proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this act.

Appeal may

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if be made from any person convicted of any offence or offences punishable by this act, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the judge-tfte general or ment of such justice or justices before whom he or she shall have general quar- been convicted, such person shall have liberty to appeal from 'MVII b ever^ conviction to the next court of general sessions or i'u pended on6 general quarter sessions of the peace, which shall be held for the the party's en- county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place wherein ttring into re-such offence was committed, and that the execution of every cognizance

prosecute the appeal.

to judgement so appealed from shall be suspended, in case the per-

irflions to be final.

If judgement be affirmed, the appellant

son lo convicted shall immediately enter into recognizance before such justice or justices (which he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to take) with two sufficient sureties, in the penalty of twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain^ upon condition to prosecute such appeal with effeCf, and to be forthcoming to abide the judgement and determination of the P-d lion of the said next general sessions or general quarter sessions, and to pay such costs as the said court shall award on such occasion; and the justices in the said next court of general sessions or general quarter sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine the matter of the said appeal, and to award such costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either party, which decision shall be final; and if upon hearing the said appeal, the judgement of the justice or justices be-nalt^&c^fore appellant shall have been convicted, shall be

c*affirmed, such appellant shall forthwith pay the forfeiture or penalty (if any) mentioned in such conviction, and the costs awarded to be paid by such appellant; and in default of payment thereof, or in case such conviction shall contain a judgement of imprisonment, such appellant shallimmediately be committed by the said court, either to the common gaol or house of correction, according to such conviction, and for the space of time therein mentioned, without bail or mainprize, and also until the payment of such costs as shall be awarded by the said court to be paid by such appellant.

Act not to

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in abridge pow- this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to re-ers now given peal, takeaway, or abridge, the powers and authorities given to ices any justice or justices of the peace in and by any act or acts of

touching

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 81. 349

parliament heretofore made and now in force touching any com- combinations binations of manufacturers, journeymen, or workmen, or for of manufactu-settling and adjusting disputes or differences between masters and reib? c their journeymen, workmen, or other persons employed by them in any manufacture, trade, or business, or the rate or amount of wages to be paid to such journeymen, workmen, or other persons, or the mode or time of their working or being employed, or the quantity of work to be done, or touching any matter whatsoever also provided for by this act; but that all justices of the peace shall continue to use, exercise, and execute, all the powers and authorities given to them in and by such acts of parliament, or any of them, in such and the same manner as they could or might have done if this act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to au- nor to em-

thorise or empower any person or persons carrying on any ma- power manu-nufacture, trade, or business, to employ therein any journeyman facturers to or workman contrary to the regulations and provisions contained conTi^ry* in any act or acts of parliament which hath or have been hereto- to the provi-fore made, and is and are now in force, for settling, regulating, Sons now in or directing the manner or method of conducting, managing, or force for regu-carrying on any particular manufacture, trade, or business, or duS^of any0" the work or service of the persons employed therein, without the particular ma-previous licence and consent in writing of one justice of the nufacture, peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or without h-place, in which such manufacture, trade, or business shall be rom a

carried on, expreHing the cause or reason of giving or granting/

the same, which licence it shall be lawful for one such justice to grant, whenever the qualified journeymen or workmen usually employed in any manufacture, trade, or business, shall refuse to work therein for reasonable wages, or to work for any particular person or persons, or to work with any particular persons, or shall, by refusing to work for any cause whatsoever, or by misconducting themselves when employed to work, in any manriS* impede or obstruct the ordinary course of any manufacture, trade, or business, or endeavour to injure the person or persons carrying on the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any actcion or suit Limitation of shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for actions, any thing by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or for any cause, matter, or thing herein contained,

such action or suit shall be commenced within three calendar

months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in

the proper county; and the defendant or defendants in such ac- General issue*

tion or suit may plead the general issue, and give the special

matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon trial a

verdict; shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their

action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given again (I him,

her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant

[Treble costs.]

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 81. [1798.

or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of conviction and commitment.

BE it remembered, That on the day of

in the year of his Majesty's reign, and in the year of

our Lord A.B. is convicted before me [or us, naming

the justices], one [or two] of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, [or riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place], of of having [fating the 0fence], contrary to the

statute made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act, [here set forth the title of the act], and I [or we], the said justice or justices, do hereby, order and adjudge the said A.B. for the said offence, to be committed to and confined in the common gaol for the said county, [or riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place], for the space of [or to be committed to the house of correction at within the said county, [or riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place], there to be kept to hard labour for the space of

Given under my [or our] hand or hands], the day and year above written.

FORM of conviction in a pecuniary penalty.

BE it remembered, That on [purfiling the same form as far as the title of this act], and I [or we] the said justice or justices], do hereby adjudge and determine the said A.B. for the said offence, to forfeit and lose the sum of of lawful

money of Great Britain, and do order the same to be forthwith paid by him [or her], into my [or our] hands, for the use of his Majesty.

Given under [as before].

FORM of commitment of a person summoned as a witness.

WHEREAS C.D. hath been duly summoned to appear and give evidence before me [or us], [naming the justice or justices who issued the summons] one [or two] of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county [or riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place], of on this day of at

being the time and place appointed for hearing and determining the complaint made on the oath of [the informer or profeentor], before me [or us], against A.B. of having [fating the offence as laid in the informationJ, contrary to the statute made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act, [here insert the title of the act]: and whereas the said C.D. hath not appeared before me [or us], at the time and place aforesaid, specified for that purpose, or offered any reasonable excuse for his [or her] default: [or, and whereas the said C.D. having appeared before me [or us], at the time and place aforesaid specified, for that purpose, -hath not submitted to

be

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 82. 351

be examined as a witness, and give his [or her] evidence, before me [or us], touching the matter of the said complaint, but hath refused so to do: therefore 1 [or we] the said justice or justices], do hereby in pursuance of the said stature, commit the said C.D. to the [describing the prison-], there to remain without bail or mainprize for his [or her] contempt aforesaid, until he [or (he] shall submit himself [or herself] to be examined and give his [or her] evidence before me [or us] touching the matter of the said complaint, or shall otherwise be discharged by due course of law: and you the [constable, or other peace officer or officers to whom the warrant is directed], are hereby authorised and required to take into your custody the body of the said C.D. and him [or her] safely convey to the said prison, and him [or her] there to deliver to the gaoler or keeper thereof, who is hereby authorised and required to receive into his custody the body of the said C.D. and him [or her] safely to detain and keep pursuant to this commitment.

Given under my [or our] hand or hands] this day of in the year of our Lord

This commitment to be directed to the proper peace officer and the gaoler or keeper of the prison.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act to explain and amend an act passed in the thirty-six th year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, two several acts, passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better ordering the militia of the city of London, and for the further regulating the trained bands or militia of the said city.

[July 12, 1799.]

[Preamble,

WHEREAS an act was passed in the thirty-sixth year of the

reign of his present Majesty^ intituled An act for amend- 36 Geo. 3. c. ing, and reducing into one act of parliament, two several atfts, recited, passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better ordering the militia of the city of London, and for the further regulating of the trained bands or militia of the said city: and whereas there are great deficiencies of 7nen in the two regiments of London militia, arifeng from desertion \ and there is no provision made in the said act for fapplying such deficiences, and it is expedient that same further and other powers should be granted for carrying the purposes of the said act into execution; be it therefore enacted by the King's 1110ft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and The present by the authority of the same, That the present deficiencies in

the said two regiments of militia shall be supplied by the several be replied hi wards of the said city, and the liberties and precincts within the the propor-feme, in the proportions following; (that is to say), tious follow-

ForlnS*

352 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 82* [1798.

For the east regiment; by the wards of Aldgate, fourteen men i Bajjifhaiv, three men;

Billing [gate, nine men; jBishopsgate Within, ten men;

Bishopsgate Without, eleven men;

Bridge, fix men;

Broad Street, eleven men,

Candlewick, five men;

Coleman Street, eight men;

Dow gate, fix men;

Langbourn, sixteen men;

Lime Street, five men;

Portsoken, ten men;

Power, sixteen men;

And, for the west regiment; by the wards of

Aldersgate TVthin and Martin's Le Grand, four men;

Aldersgate Without, five men;

Bread Street, fix men;

Castle Baynard, ten men;

Cheap, ten men;

Cordwainer, five men;

Cripplegate Within, ten men;

Cripplegate Without, eight men;

Farringdon Within, nineteen men;

Farringdon Without, forty-four men;

Sfueeiikithe, five men;

Vintry, five men;

Walbrook, fix men.

Commission

II. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's of

nanc^ to^ssue ^eutenancy for the city of London, at any of their courts of precepts to^lieutenancy, shall, and they are hereby required to issue precepts the respective to the aldermen, deputies, and common councilmen of the several wards, to raise wards of the said city and the liberties and precincts within the proper- same, requiring them to cause the number of men, herein-before 10ns* appointed, to be raised in their respective wards, to be provided;

and the aldermen or deputies, and common councilmen of the several wards aforesaid, or the major part of them, shall provide the number of men directed to be raised in their respective wards, in the same manner, and with the same powers, and under and subject to the several clauses, regulations, provisions, directions, matters, and tilings, in the said act contained, with respect to the raising of the number of men thereby ordered and directed to be raised.

If deserters or

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any militia man absentees be serving in the said militia shall desert or absent himself from his

don^return duty, anc* not return or be taken the Pace th.ree

in three " calendar months from the time of his so deserting or absenting months, the himself, then, upon certificate thereof from the commanding of-commissioners flcer of regiment to which such militia man shall belong, to provide to

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 82..353

to the said of of lieutenancy, at any of their courts ofther men out lieutenancy, the said of shall and are hereby required, e rop ? out of the trophy taxraised for the said city, within ten days next following, to provide another man in the place of him so de-ferting; and in case such militia man shall at any time return, or Deserters, if be Token, he shall, notwithstanding any person shall have been t^n*ikd>to provided to serve in his room, be compelled to serve in the fameferey e manner, and for the same term, as if no person had been provided in his room.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the pri- Commission-

vates serving in the said militia shall be promoted to the rank V1 e

serjeants or corporals therein, and the commanding officer of the trophy tax regiment in which such private or privates shall serve, shall cer- men to serve tify such promotion to the said of, then the said com- instead of those miffiioners shall and are hereby required, out of the trophy tax promotec* raised for the said city, to provide another man or men to serve

in the lieu and stead of such private or privates so promoted; and all such men as shall be so provided by the said of, as well as all such as have been heretofore raised by the said of in lieu of deserters, and all such as shall be hereafter A raised either by the aldermen, or deputies and common council, or by the said of, in pursuance of this act, in lieu of deserters, shall be allotted to the same parishes as the men were in whose room they are or shall be respectively raised, and shall be entitled to the same benefits in consequence of such allotment as other men serving in the said militia are or shall be by virtue of the said act, or of this present act.^fer'eant

V. And be it further enacted, That in addition to the num- major, and a ber of serjeants by the said act directed to be appointed to the quartermaster said miiitia, there shall be added one serjeant to act as serjeant serjeant, to be major, and one other serjeant to act as quarter matter serjeant, adc\ed to each to each of the said regiments, over and above the proportion of g serjeants and corporals by the said act directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the clause in the said act^citeda& re-which directs that serjeants or corporals of the said militia may, pealed.*by sentence of a court martial, be reduced to privates, shall be,

and the same is hereby repealed; and, in lieu thereof, be it enacted, That any serjeant or corporal of the said militia mayv ^offi^ra by sentence of a court martial, be reduced to the condition of a may be reprivate soldier of the said militia, to serve as such during any duced to pri-time not exceeding fifteen calendar months, if the regiment shall vates for a cer-not be then embodied or in actual service, but if the regimenttainUme* shall be then embodied or in actual service, to serve as aforesaid until the same shall be disembodied, after which time, or at the end of the said fifteen calendar months, as the case may be, if not regularly re-appointed to the rapk of a non-commissioned officer, he shall be discharged from the service.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the clause in the said Clause 44* of

act, which directs how the charges of pay, cloathing, trophies,re-

and other incidental expences of the said militia are to be defrayed, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and, in lieu

How the pay, &c. of the militia is to be defrayed.

Collectors of the month's tax neglecting their duty may be fined.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 82. [1798.

thereof, be it enacted, That for defraying the necessary charges of pay, cloathing, trophies, and other incidental expences of the said militia, it shall be lawful for the said of to continue to raise and levy, in every year, the proportion of one month's tax, amounting to four thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds thirteen shillings and four-pence, which the said city hath been used to pay by virtue of an act of parliament, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdom; and the said of shall be accountable for the same, in manner directed by the said act of the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty; and that no warrant shall be issued for the raising of any trophy money, till the justices of the peace, or the major part of such justices, at some general or quarter sessions for the said city, shall have examined and allowed the accounts of the trophy money last raised, levied, and collected, and certified such examination of the said accounts under the hands and seals of three or more of such justices to the said of; and if at any time the said proportion of one month's tax as aforesaid shall not be sufficient for the several purposes aforesaid, or if at any time, on account of the said proportion of one month's tax as aforesaid not being and in a course of payment, the said of shall not have sufficient funds in their hands to answer the several purposes aforesaid, then the receiver general of the land tax for the said city shall, and he is hereby required to issue and pay, from time to time, to the treasurer appointed by the said of, upon his producing an order of the court of lieutenancy for that purpose, signed by nine of, so much money as shall be necessary fdr the purposes of training, exercising, paying, cloathing, employing, and keeping in readiness, the said militia, and other incidental expences relating thereto; and the receipt of the said treasurer, indorsed on the said order, shall be a sufficient discharge to the said receiver general for the money so to be issued and paid by him: provided always, That of all such sums of money as shall be issued and paid by the said receiver general, for the purposes aforesaid, the said of shall, once in every year, certify an account, under the hands of any nine or more of them, of the expenditure thereof, to the said receiver general; and the said receiver general shall not issue and pay to the said of, in any succeeding year, any further or other sums of money, until such time as the accounts of the expenditure of all sums of money received by them of him, in the preceding year, shall have been duly certified to him as aforesaid, as also that the said of have used all due diligence in the collection and obtaining payment of the said proportion of one month's tax as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the collectors, duly appointed for the collection of the said proportion of QUe month's tax as aforesaid, shall hegleft or refuse to perform

his

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 82. 355'

his duty in the collection thereof, or having collected the same,

shall neglect or refuse to pay the same to the treasurer, appointed by the said commissioners, it shall be lawful for any of (his Ma-jePry^s justices of the peace for the said city, to summon the party before him or thein, and to fine him for such his v neglect or re-, fufal, any Turn not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, to be levied by difirefs and fal'e of the offender's goods and chattel, (

(in case such fine shall not be forthwith paid), by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of any one or more of the said judices, causing the overplus, if any, after, deducting, the charges of such distress and Tale, to be rendered to the party,; and the penalty so adjudged dial I be paid to the treasurer to the said commissioness, to be applied by him as they {half direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the clause in the said Clause 50, of * act of the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, recited act, which directs relief to be given to the families of persons serving ^pealed from in the said "militia, when embodied and called into actual fer- u % 'tf next* vice, and ordered to march in manner therein mentioned, shall be, and the same is, from and after the first day of August next, hereby repealed,

X. And whereas the families of 7?ien serving in the said militia,

when embodied and called out' into actualjervke and ordered to march,

may become chargeable to the parishes and liberties whereunto they, are allotted; and the families ofserjeants, corporals, drummers, andfifers^., serving the rein, when embodied and called out into alytnal.fezvice and.,

ordered to march, may become chargeable to the parish to which, they,;

belong; and it is necessary proviftonshould be made for such families; be it therefore enacted, "That, from and after the said first day if non-com-of August next, if any person serving in the said militia, or any missioned person serving in the room or place of any man originally ^enrrl?cers>^drum*!-rolled to serve therein, <j>r any 'ferjeafit, corporal, drummer, or ^tes? whea^'fifer, serving the rein, shall, when embodied and called' out into ordered to n ablual fervipe, and ordered to march, leave a family unable to march,; leave -support themselves, and residing in the said city, or within three be-

miles thereof, the churchwarden or churchwardens, or overseer theyffialTbe or overfe^rs of the poor of the parish or liberty to which such Relieved-by the person shall be allotted, shall, by order of the lord mayor, or parish officers any other magistrate of the city of London, out of the rates for out of the poor the relief of the poof of such parish or liberty, pay to such fa-Tates* mily such weekly allowance, as to the said lord mayor of the said other magistrate shall seem expedient, not exceeding the rate of one shilling and sixpence per. week for each' and every chikl born in wedlock, and under the age of ten years; and not exceeding the rate of two shillings per week for the wife of such, ^. militia man, whether (he shall or shall not have any child or children, and provided the does not follow the regiment; and in every parish or liberty yvtyere the money ^rising by such rates shall not be sufficient for the^purposes aforesaid, a new rate or rates shall be made for raising a sum sufficient for."that pu, rpose: and in case any serjeant, corporal, drummer, or fifer?' serving in the said militia, who shall not be allottedfto any parish or liberty,

356 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 82. [1798.

or whose allotment shall have ceased by promotion as aforesaid, shall, when embodied and called out into actual service, and ordered to march, leave a family unable to support themselves, who shall not belong to the parish, liberty, tything, or town-ship, where they shall dwell at the time of being so embodied and called out into actual service, and ordered to march as aforesaid, then the churchwarden or churchwardens, or overseer or overseers of the poor of the parish, liberty, tything, or town-ship, where such family shall dwell, shall, by the order of some one justice of the peace of the respective county, city, division, or place, out of the rates for the relief of the poor of such parish, liberty, tything, or township, pay to such family such weekly allowance as to such justice shall seem expedient, not exceeding the said rate of one shilling and sixpence per week for each child born in wedlock, and under the age of ten years, and not exceeding the said rate of two shillings ptr week for the wife of such serjeant, corporal, drummer, or fifer, whether (he shall or shall not have any child or children, and provided (he does not follow the regiment; and in every parish, liberty, tything, or township, where the money arising by such rates shall not be fufRcient for such purpose, a new rate or rates shall be made for If the family raising a sum sufficient for that purpose; and every such loif8 to the weekly allowance shall be forthwith reimbursed to the church-r?f?f the trea-warc*en or churchwardens, or overseer or overseers of such pa-furertothe riftl, liberty, tything, or township, by the treasurer to the said of of, on his or their producing and leaving with him ^jphurfe a certificate of the order of the justice allowing such relief; to^t? wance which certificate the said justice is hereby required to grant accordingly.

not re

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such ?ding within families of the men, serving in the said militia, as shall not recertain limits side within the city of London, or within the distance of three not entitled to miles therefrom, shall not be entitled to any relief under the said relief, and of aj- Of the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, enrolle % e^>nlv or of': this act; and that the families of persons hereafter to be forthechild/ enrolled to serve in the said militia, shall not be entitled to such relief for more than one child born in wedlock previous to the time of the enrolment of such persons respectively; and that no order for the relief of the family of any man serving in the said militia shall be valid and effectual, unless certificates of the marriage and baptism (or of marriage only in the case of a wife) shall be annexed to such order for relief; any thing in the last mentioned act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The commis-

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said of, j0ner^./0rty at their said courts, shall, and they are hereby required, forty the tfmeof days at the before the time of service of any man or men service of any serving in the said militia shall be expired, to issue a precept or man is exprecepts to the alderman, deputy, and common council men of pired, shall if- t^e warj of the said city, for which such man or men shall be for prodding requiring them to provide another man or men in the

another-man room of such man or men, whose time of service shall be so expiring;

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 82. 357

piring; and the alderman or deputy, and common council men of such ward, or the major part of them, shall provide the man, or the number of them specified in such preceptor precepts accordingly, in the same manner, and under and subject to the same rules and regulations, and with the like powers and authorities as are specified and contained in the said act of the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the raising of men to fefve in the said militia; and the commanding officer of each of the said regiments is hereby empowered, from time to time, to discharge any man or men of his regiment whose time of service will expire within forty days then next ensuing, and to receive any other militia man or men in his or their room, who shall have taken the oaths, and been enrolled according to the directions of the said act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any churchwarden Parish officers or overseer of the poor shall, on demand made in pursuance of refuting to pay any order of the justices of the peace for the said city, made at "t the Vef-" their general or quarter sessions for the payment of any sum of fions shall be money, and after the producing of the said order to him, refuseliable to pe-or neglect to pay and satisfy the sum or sums of money directed a^d^to be paid in or by such order, every such churchwarden or arievecfmav overseer of the poor shall be subject to the same penalty, and to|ppeal to the be recovered and applied in like manner, as is directed by the next sessions. said act in cases where any churchwarden or overseer of the poor

shall refuse to pay any money directed to be paid by the order of any justice or justices of the peace; and if any such churchwarden or overseer of the poor shall feel himself aggrieved by any such order of the said justices of the peace for the said city,

made at their said general or quarter sessions, it shall and may be lawful for such person to appeal therefrom to the next general or quarter sessions of the peace for the said city, in the like manner as is directed by the said atf in cases of appeal from the order of any justice or justices of the peace.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if the treasurer to the If the trea-

said of shall at any time refuse to reimburse any surer 'the

churchwarden or overseer of the poor of any parish, liberty, ^ij^efufe toS township, or tything, any sum or sums of money paid by him in reimburse the pursuance of any order of any justices of the peace, for the re- parish officers lief of the family of any of the persons serving in the said mi- mon^y paid to litia, such persons not being allotted to any parish or liberty, and bekm^W not belonging to such parish, liberty, township, or tything, hav- to the parish, ing, at the time the same shall be demanded, funds in his hands he shall forfeit applicable for that purpose, the said treasurer so refusing shall forioh

every such refusal forfeit any sum not exceeding ten pounds, to be recovered by the adjudication of the lord mayor, or other magistrate of the said city, in like manner as is directed by the said acct, in cases where any churchwarden or overseer of the poor shall refuse to pay any money directed to be paid by any order of any justice or justices of the peace.

XV. And whereas by virtue and under the authority of the said act of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late

a Majesty

35$ Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 83. [1798.

majesty King Charles the Second, a muster master for the purposes of miijlering the trained bands of the city (j/'London, and examining 'their arms and accoutrements, had always been appointed, which 'office became unnecessary by the passing of the act of the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty^ ffior the better ordering of the militia of the city of London, and it is jujl and reasonable that the person who was muster master at the time of the passing of the la ft mentioned act^ should have some indemnity in lieu of such offee as has been given to mufier mojlers of his Majesty's forces on their offices being abolished; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Thomas Gregg, the person who was muster master to the said trained bands at the time of the passing of thp trained bands, said last mentioned act, shall receive and be paid out of the said to be paid 75l. proportion of one month's tax as aforesaid, the sum of seventy-

tkedionth's^ve Pounc*s yearly5 for and during the term of his natural life, to be paid to him Half-yearly by the treasurer to the said commissioners, out of the 'produce of the said proporion of one month's tax, or until he shall be appointed by the said of to some office of not less than equal value; the said payment to be computed' and commence from the time of the passing of the said act of the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said aflt of the thirty-six th year of the reign of his present Majesty, and all and every the clauses, powers, provisions, directions, penalties, matters, and things therein Contained, so far as the same are applicable, and not hereby repealed, shall be applied and put in execution, with respect to this act, in as full and ample a manner as if they were here again at large repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick: aft; and shall be judicially taken

hotice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whocn-soever, without specially pleading the same.

Mr. Gregg, late muster master of the

tax, until appointed to some office.

Recited act, as far as applicable, to extend to this act.

jpablick aft.

CAP. LXXXIII.

da act for transferring to the commissioners for auditing the publick accounts, the duties now performed in the offices of the auditors of the' land revenue; and for directing the mode of attejling the accounts of the pay master general of his Majesty" s forces.

[July 12,

*799-3

Preamble

WHEREAS the three offices of auditors of the land revenue are

holden under patents from the crown by persons who execute the duties of the same wholly by deputy: and whereas it would be conducive to the publick service if the accounts which are now examined and audited in the said offices should, on the determination of the present grantees of the said offices, be examined and audited by the commissioners for auditing the publick accounts of the kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the King's mod. excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, rr0^vthJ b>' the authority of the same, That, from and after the respective

ve ea

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 83. 359

deaths of William Henry Cooper and Frederick Grey of the present Cooper esquires, Tons of Sir Grey Cooper baronet, Henry Shelly and ^he land re-Thomas Jones esquires, the present auditors of the land revenue vemie> their in England and Wales, the said offices respectively, and all the offices to powers, authorities, rights, privileges, and advantages, by the ease> ancI no said patents respectively granted and given to them or to any t^bVtaken^8 f their predecessors, shall cease and determine, from and after exceptashere which time no fee, gratuity, perquisite, or emolument whatever, in authorised. shall be received or taken by any person or persons whomsoever, employed in making up, passing, or auditing any accounts under the authority of this act, save and except the fees which by the authority of this act are herein after authorised to be received for the purposes therein mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein A&nottoaf-contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to affect the rights fed anyofficer-of any officer or minister of the exchequer, other than the said the excfae-auditors of the land revenue, or any person or persons acfiing or appointed by or under them; and also except such variation with ditors and respect to the said rights as may hereafter be made by authority persons acting of this act. under them.

III. And be it further enacted, That if during the continuance If during the of the patent granted to William Henry Cooper and Frederick Grey patent to Cooper esquires, a vacancy shall happen in the offices of auditor ^ve*Cy^all for Chester, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, or in the office of the happen in the auditor for the principality of Wales, by the deaths of the said au- office of auditors for the counties of Chester, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, ditorforChef-and of the principality of Wales respectively, the duty executed wales^the in each of the said offices shall be performed by and with the ap- duty shall be probation, and under the authority and appointment of the lords performed by of of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any the deputies, three or more of them, by the persons who shall then be the acting ^idations^of deputies in the respective departments, subject to such an allot- the treasury. ment of the fees and emoluments of office, and under such other regulations as the said of of the treasury shall think fit to direct, and the surplus of such fees shall be carried to the consolidated fund.

IV. And in order more effectually to provide, on the abolition of any of the said offices by virtue of this act, upon the determination of the inter ejl of the said grantees, for the examination of the several accounts heretofore examined\ tried, and audited, in the respective offices of the auditors of the land revenue in England and Wales, with as little

expence as may be confident with the publick interest, be it further on the deter-enacted, That all and every the accounts heretofore examined, mination of tried, and audited, by or in the offices of the several auditors of the interest of the land revenue of the crown in England and Wales, or in either Srantees*

o9tile account*?

of them, shall, from and after the determination of the respective heretofore ex* interests of each of the said grantees respectively, be examined, amined in tried, and audited, by the commissioners for examining and au- their offices diting the publick accounts of the kingdom, appointed under the bX*the authority of an act of the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, of intituled An act for the better examining and auditing the publick appointed un-

a a 4 accounts der 25 Geo. j.

c. 68.

360 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 83. [1798.

accounts of the kingdom, who shall be, and they are hereby inverted with all the same powers and authorities, for the examining, trying, and auditing the several accounts herein-before mentioned, as are now vested in them by virtue of the said act of the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, for the examining, trying, and auditing the publick accounts of the kingdom, or as are now vested in the said respective grantees by any law, usage, or custom; and the said commissioners shall also be, and they are hereby inverted with all the powers and authorities, and shall be subject to the performance of the same duties, and liable to the same controul, which the auditors of the land revenue are now by law, usage, or custom inverted with, or are subject and liable to, except as the same are or shall be affecrted or varied by this ah

All books,

V. And be it further enacted, That all official books, papers, See. in the said and accounts whatever, which shall be remaining in either of the offices of the auditors of the land revenue, on the abolition of each respectively, or which have been usually or ought to have been kept therein, shall be deemed to be publick property, and shall be delivered over to such person or persons as the commissioners of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, shall order and diredh

VI. And be it further enacted, That all accounts of the expenditure of publick money, which have heretofore been parted

shall, on their in the offices of the auditors of the land revenue in England and abolition, be Wales, or in either of them, shall from and after the abolition of each office respectively, be delivered to the commissioners for auditing and examining the publick accounts, together with the vouchers belonging thereunto.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons in ex- persons, in the course of their examination upon oath before the amination said of for auditing the publick accounts touching the for Tthe (aide* accounts hereby put under their care and management, or touching any other publick accounts tried and audited by them, shall wilfully and corruptly declare any matter which shall be false, such person or persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject: and liable to.

V ill. And be it further enacted, That all leases and grants within the said respective audits, which, from and after the abolition of each of the said offices respectively, shall be made and granted of any part or parts of the land revenue of the crown in England and Wales, and all and every alignment and assignments which shall or may from such periods respectively be made of any lease beemolled in or grant from the crown, shall be enrolled and entered in the thC Pk^com ^ce t^ie of for auditing the publick accounts, Ulioner^ame manner and form as they have been used and ac-wh-ch no customed to be enrolled and entered in the respective offices of greater fees the said auditors of the land revenue, for which enrolment and shall betaken entry no greaier fees shall be taken and received than the coriir fury ftiartap^ missioners of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time point.*J being,

offices, on their aboli tion, shall be the property the publick.

All accounts heretofore passed in the said offices

delivered to the commissioners for auditing the publick accounts.

of who shall declare any false matter, to be liable to the penalties for perjury.

All leases and grants made after such abolition and a'f gnments thereof, shall

36t

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 83.

being, shall appoint, not exceeding such fees as have been used and accustomed to be taken and received by or in the respective offices of the auditors of the land revenue in England and Wales.

IX. Provided always, That for leases of lands, tenements, or For leases of hereditaments belonging to the crown, no fee whatever shall demanded, taken or received, if the said of of the takn }f t^e treasury or lord high treasurer shall so direct; and that such, but treasury shall no greater fees shall betaken and received from and charged so directj and upon the several receivers and accountants, whose accounts are [he^treasur5 by this act directed to be examined, tried, and audited by the shall ^ppdint said of for auditing the publick accounts, as the said shall be taken of of the treasury or lord high treasurer shall appoint, fromaccount-not exceeding such fees as have been used and accustomed to be fl^Vl be^id taken and received from and charged upon such receivers and over for the accountants, by or in the offices of the said auditors of the land use of the revenue, or either of them, which fees shall be received, ac-publick. counted for, and paid over, for the use of the publick in manner herein after mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That the lord high treasurer, or The treasury of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby authorised to appoint such up ac_

officers, receivers, and clerks, or other persons, as shall appear to counts forde-him or them to be necessary from time to time for making up claration, and and preparing for declaration the several accounts by this act directed to be examined, tried, and audited, by the of oversee^with for auditing the publick accounts, and for receiving, accounting salaries, &c. for, and paying over, the fees to be taken and received under the not exceeding authority of this act, with such fixed salaries to each, as he or they a certain sum* shall judge proper, add also to allow such reasonable sums as to him or them shall seem fit for payment of such salaries, and all other incidental charges, to be incurred in the office for auditing the publick accounts, to be paid out of the consolidated fund, not exceeding in the whole the annual sum of three thousand and forty pounds, in addition to the sum of six thousand pounds already directed to be paid for the like purposes, as by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, intituled,

An act for the better auditing and examining the publick accounts of the kingdom, which said salaries and allowances shall be to the several officers, clerks, and other persons employed, or to be employed, in the accounts of the land revenue, in lieu of all fees, gratuities, and perquisites whatever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the receiver or receivers The receiver so to be appointed for receiving the fees aforesaid, shall, in books}iaP keep and to be provided for that purpose, keep or cause to be kept a full, count^ffees true, and particular account of all the fees which shall be taken to the com-and received for the enrolment and entry of all and every lease, missioners grant, and assignment, so directed to be enrolled and entered in 11

the said office, for auditing the publick accounts, and of all and every the fees which shall be taken and received from the several quarterly to receivers and accountants, whose accounts are by this a&theexche-direcied to be examined, tried, and audited, by the said commis- clut: r.>to be sioners for auditing the publick accounts, and of all other ^consolidated6

monies fund.

362 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 83. [1798.

monies to be taken and received for fees under the authority of this act; and that such receiver or receivers shall, every six months and oftener if required, deliver to the commissioners for auditing the publick accounts for the time being, a full and particular account verified upon oath before the said of for auditing the publick accounts, which oath they the said of, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to administer, of all the monies received by him or them under the authority of this act, and shall pay the whole money so to be received as aforesaid, at the end of each quarter, into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, under the direction of the said of; and the same when so paid shall by the proper officer be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

The comttiif-lioners shall administer to the persons examining any publick acounts an oath for their faithful demeanour in performance of their trust.

Accounts to be verified on oath before a baron or the curiitor baron of the exchequer, or the said of.

Accounts of tl > paymaster general to be verified by the accountant general.

Act not to de-miuifli the

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said of for auditing the publick accounts, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised to administer to every of the officers and clerks who shall be appointed as before directed, and also to all clerks and other persons acting ministerially under them, in examining any of the publick accounts under the management of the said of, an oath for his or their true and faithful demeanor in all things relating to the due performance of the trust: reposed in him or them.

XIII. And whereas it is expedient that the commissioners for auditing the publick accounts should be authorised to adminifer an oath to all accountants for the expenditure of publick money, in the fatrie manner as such oath is noiv administered by the barons of the coif or cursitor baron of the exchequer: be it further enacted, That all and every the accounts of the expenditure of publick money, except as herein after mentioned, which are or shall be delivered into the office of the commissioners for auditing the publick accounts for the purpose of being examined and audited, shall, previous to such the delivery thereof into the said office, be verified and attested on oath by the several accountants, before one of the barons of the coif or the cursitor baron of the exchequer, or before the said of of publick accounts, or any three or more of the said of, which oath they the said of, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer.

XIV. And whereas ii is expedient that the accounts of the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces should be verified by the accountant general of the pay office, in [lead of the paymaster general of the forces: be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, all and every the accounts of the paymaster general shall be verified and attested upon oath by the accountant general of the pay office for the time being either before one of the barons of the coif or the cursitor baron of the court of exchequer, or before the said of for auditing the publick accounts, or any three or more of the said of, and the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces shall not be required to verify and attest such account, but shall be exonerated and excused therefrom.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 84, 85. 363

thing herein contained shall in any other respect extend, or be responsibility construed to extend, to take away, IefTen, diminish, or alter any of the pay. of the duties or responsibility of the paymaster general of his er &ene- Majesty's forces, in respect of his office of paymaster general, save and except with respect to the verifying and attesting his accounts on oath in manner aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act to enable the lords commi/Honers of the treasury to contract with the moll noble Charles duke of Richmond, for the absolute purchase of the property of the said duke, and all others interested in a certain duty of twelve pence per chaldron on coals shipped in the river Tyne to be consumed in England, and to grant a compensation for the same, by way of annuity payable out of the consolidated fund.

[July 12,799']

CAP. LXXXV.

An act to protest masters against embezzlements by their clerks or servants.

[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS bankers, merchants^ and others, are, in the course

[Preamble.]

of their dealings and transactions^freque?2tly obliged to entrujl their servants, clerks, and persons employed by them in the like capacity, with receiving, payings negotiating^ exchanging, or transferrings ..moneys goods, bonds, bills y notes, bankers dr aft x, and other valuable effectSs and securities: and whereas doubts have been entertained whether the embezzling of the same by such servants, clerks and others, so employed by their masters, amounts to felony by the laiv ^England, and it is expedient that such offences should be punished in the same jnanner in both parts of the united kingdom \ be it enacted and declared by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any servant or clerk, or any person Servants or employed for the purpose in the capacity of a servant or clerk, to '"oir

any person or persons whomsoever, or to any body corporate or session an/ " politick, shall, by virtue of such employment, receive or take money or into his possession any money, goods, bond, bill, note, banker's other effects draft, or other valuable security, or effects, for or in the name on^their ma or on the account of his master or matters, or employer or em- anVfi^udu-"*ployers, and shall fraudulently embezzle, secrete, or make away lently embez-with the same, or any part thereof, every such offender shall be zling or redeemed to have feloniously stolen the same from his master or crting master-s, employer or employers, for whose use or in whose name shaft b^deem-or names, or on whose account the same was or were delivered ed to have to, or taken into the possession of such servant, clerk, or other feloniously person so employed, although such money, goods, bond, bill, 1?^en note, banker's draft, or other valuable security, was or were no d'otherwise received into the possession of his or their servant, clerk, or other person so employed; and every such offender, his and such of-adviser, procurer, aider, or abettor, being thereof lawfully- com- Abettors

vidled foaJl, on con

364

vicVton, be liable to be Iran (ported for 14 years'.

[Preamble.]

50 Geo. 3. c. 38.

19 Geo. 3. c. 59.

38 Geo. 3. c. 40.

Licence duties shall be ascertained houses, &c. are rated miHer.last recited act; and.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 86. [1798.

victed or attainted, shall be liable to be transported to such parts beyond the seas as his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, shall appoint, for any term not exceeding fourteen years, in the discretion of the court before whom such offender shall be convicted or adjudged.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for afartaining the rate of duty to be paid for retail spirit licences; and for authorising the justices of the peace for any county to grant licences to sell ale, beer, or other liquors, by retail, in cities and places where a sufficient number of magistrates cannot be found qualified to grant such licences.

[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS by an act^ made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, among other things for repealing the duties upon licences for retailing distilled spirituous liquor 1, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof certain rates of duty are imposed for and in respect of licences to retail distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, according to the rent at which the dwelling-house in which the person author fed by any such licence to retail distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters resided or retailed such djlilled spirituous liquors or strong water's at the time of taking out such licence, together with the offices, courts, yards, and gardens, therewith occupied, were rated under the authority of an act9 made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for imposing duties on inhabited houses: and whereas the rates and duties of the said act of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign are repealed by another act, made in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, and other rates and duties are by the said last mentioned act imposed for or in respect of inhabited houses according to the rents therein speefied^ and it' is therefore expedient that the said licence duties should hereafter be ascertained by the rents according to which divelling houses shall be rated under the authority of the said act of the thirty-eighth year aforesaid; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, the said licence duties as shall be ascertained according to the rent at which the dwelling house shall at the time of taking out any such licence be rated under the authority of the said act of the thirty-eighth year aforesaid; and that in all cases where the said act of the thirtieth year aforesaid mentions or refers to any dwelling house, offices, courts, yards, and gardens, as being rated at any rent under the authority of the said act of the nineteenth year aforesaid, the same shall be deemed and taken to refer to such dwelling house, offices, courts, yards, and gardens, as being rated at that particular rent under the authority of the said act of the thirty-eighth year aforesaid; any thing in the said lass mentioned act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 86. 365

II. And whereas many persons, fwce the making of the said act of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, have taken out licences to authorise him, her, or them, to retail distilled spirituous liquors or strong waters, and paid for such licences the sums of money licences in that behalf specified in the said act of the thirtieth year aforesaid;

and it is expedient in respect thereof to make such provision as is it, valid, and herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That every such the money licence and payment shall be deemed good and valid, and the paid for them, money so paid shall be deemed and taken to have been applicable the duties* to the purpose for which the said duties imposed by the said act imposed by of the thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign were by that recited act of act directed to be applied. 3 Geo. 3.

III. And whereas by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign 6 Geo. 1. of King George the First, intituled An act for preventing frauds0, aI. and abuses in the publick revenues of excise, customs, stamp duties, poll: office, and house money, it is enacted, That all and every person or persons whatsoever, who shall have in his or her custody any brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, or strong waters, exceeding the quantity of fxty-three galions, shall be deemed and taken to be a seller of and dealer in brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, and strong waters, and subject to the survey of the excise: and whereas by an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, inti- 16 Geo. tuled. An act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulentc*3-removal of tobacco by land or water, and for the ease of the fair trader in tobacco; and for ascertaining the rates payable for the postage of certain letters; and for amending and explaining the laws relating to the sale of spirituous liquors by retail, it is enacted, That no justice of the peace, being a common brnver of ale or beer, innkeeper, or difliller, or other seller of or dealer in ale, or any kind of spirituous liquors, or interested in any of the said trades or bufmesses, or being a vidiualler or maltster, shall, during such time as he shall be such common brewer, innkeeper, difliller, vidiualler, or maltster, or seller of or dealer in ale, or other spirituous liquors, or interested in any of the said trades or bufmesses, be capable of or have any power to grant any licence or licences to any person or person for selling ale, beer, or any other liquors by retail: and whereas in divers corporate cities, towns, and places, wherein foreign spirituous liquors are imported into this kingdom, certain persons exercising corporate offices, and no others, can grant licences for selling ale or beer, or any other liquors by retail therein, and it may happen that so many of the justices or magistrates thereof may be disqualified from granting such licences by force of the said recited acts, or that a sufficient number of persons exercising such corporate offices for the time being may not be qualified to act therein according to the said act, which may be productive of great inconvenience, and may be injurious to the publick revenue; for remedy whereof, be, it further enacted, That, from In any place and after the passing of this act, in case it shall happen that in where the any city, town, or place, any of the corporate justices or magistrates thereof for the time being, shall not be capable of ad- by the two ing in granting such licences as aforesaid, by reason that any such last recited justice or magistrate, or justices or magistrates therein, is or are rf1s, d*/clua-

afeller licences for11

retailing liquors, the justices for the county at large may grant them at the request of the chief magistrate.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 87. [1798.

a seller or sellers of, or a dealer or dealers in, any foreign spirits, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for any 'justice or justices of the peace, acting in and for the county aflarge, wftMii which such city, town, or place, shall be situate or next adjoining thereto, at the request in writing of the chief magistrate of any such city, town, or place, to act as a justice or justices, magistrate or magistrates, within such city, town, or pi dee, for the purpose of granting licences to sell ale, beer, or other liquors by retail in such corporate city, town, or place, instead of the justice or justices, or magistrate or magistrates thereof disqualified as aforesaid; any act or acts, or any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such justices, fd required to act as aforesaid, shall be entitled to exercise the powers and jurisdictions of a magistrate within such city, town, or place, fdr the purpose of granting such licences as aforesaid, and in all things relating thereto, and shall be deemed and taken to be a magistrate of such city, town, or place, for the purposes aforesaid; but that such justice or justices shall not have any authority, power, or jurisdiction, in such city, town, or place, by virtue of this act, other than and for the purposes herein-before mentioned.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for enabling his Majesty, to prohibit the exportation9 and permit the importation, of corn9 and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision9 without payment of duty, to continue in force until six weeks from the commencement of the next session of parliament.

[July 12, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

His Majesty, in council, may prohibit the exportation of British or foreign wheat, Sec, or permit the importation of foreign corn, &c. in British vessels, or in any other vessels belonging to persons of any country in amity with

WHEREAS it is expedient that a power should be vefied in his Majesty to prohibit, with the advice of hid privy council, the exportation of all or any sort of coni or grain from the ports' of this kingdom, if circumstances should so require, and to permit the importation of all or any sort of foreign corn 'or grain, if circumstances should in like manner so require: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the pasting of this act, and until the expiration of six weeks from the commencement of the next session of parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, with the advice of his or their privy council, whatever may be the general average price of any of the said forts of corn or of oatmeal in England or ScotlandI respectively, from time to time, when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient, to prohibit generally, fof a limited time, the exportation from England and Scotland respectively, of any British) or foreign wheat, rye, barley, beer, or bigg, pease, beans, oats, or any meal or flour, or bread, biscuit, or malt, made thereof, or any Indiancorn, or maize, or meal, or flour, made thereof; and to permit generally the importation

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 87. 367

into England or Scotland respectively, of any foreign his Majesty, corn or other articles as aforesaid, in any British ship or vessel,

or in any other ship or vessel, belonging to persons of any ^oufedforefgn. dom or state in amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any corn, See. to manner whatever, without payment of any duty whatsoever; be taken out and also the taking out of warehouse, for home consumption, of^or ll0, T, e con- any such foreign corn, or other articles as aforesaid, without pay-^1 ment of any duty whatsoever, and in like manner to recal such prohibition or permission, either in part or in the whole, if circumstances shall appear so to require, any thing in any act, or part of any act to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any per- If any person ion shall export, or shall load or lay on board any ship or other ^a!lexPrt vessel, with intent to export, or if any person shall import any con\T^ry to corn or other articles as aforesaid, contrary to such prohibition such prohibit, or permission of his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy tion or per-council, the person so exporting, or loading or laying on board with intent to export, or the person so importing the same, shall^ the penal-be liable and subject to the like forfeitures and penalties; and ties, and the the said corn or other articles and the ship or vessel in which, thecorn, &c.fu; h-, lame shall be exported or loaded or laid on board, or in which the same shall be imported, shall be subject and liable to the like [mposed*b3y forfeitures, and in like manner to be sued for, prosecuted, re- 3, Geo 3m covered, and disposed, as if the said corn or other articles werec. 30; and exported, or loaded or laid on board, or imported, contrary to33 Geo. 3. the provisions of two acts, the one, passed in the thirty-first yeare* 6s % of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn exported; the other, passed in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to amend an a5f, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, c An act for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment > of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn^ rohib exported: provided always, That the power hereby granted to the exporta-his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with the advice of his or tion of corn, their privy council, to prohibit the exportation from this king-&c- shall riot dom of any sort of corn, or other articles as aforesaid, shall not Rancor/0*extend, or be construed to extend, to any foreign corn, meal, or^ware_/ flour, that shall have been imported and warehouspd in the man- boufed on the ner and on the conditions mentioned in the before-mentioned conditions of act of the thirty-first year of his present MajestyV reign, and 31 Geo shall not b^ve been taken out of such warehouse for home con- fo/home" fumptiom consumption,

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in every His Majesty; such case it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his; heirsh* council, and successors, with the advice of his or their privy council, to permit the carrying coastwise, or carrying out, or the exportation ioaftfJif^or of the federal forts of corn, or other articles as aforesaid, for all exportation or any of the purposes mentioned in the said two acts^ passed in of the several the thirty-first and thirty-third years of his present Majesty's reign, or either of them, in like manner and in the same propor-purposesmen.

tions tioned in the

368 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 87. [1798.

laid two acts tions and quantities, and from and to the same ports and place.s

thereb^when ass a^owe(^ by the ^a*lc^ two acts> or eit^er of them, at such such articles tinies as any of the several forts of corn or other articles as afore-are prohibited said are prohibited to be exported, subject to the like securities, to be export- conditions, regulations, and restrictions, forfeitures, and penal-ec* ties, as are by the said two acts, or by either of them, in any such case required and imposed.

His Majesty,

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the paf-maCUermit ^is a<^> an(^ unt^be expiration of six weeks from the

the importa- commencement of the next session of parliament, it shall and tion from any may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and he place in any ancj they is ancj are hereby authorised, with the advice of his or or any vessel their Pr*vY council, from time to time, when and as often as the belonging to same shall be judged expedient, to permit generally, for a limited persons of any time, the importation into Great Britain, from any port or ltate in amity place whatever, in any British ship or vessel, or in any other ship

with hie Mo. r rriii r c r i-, n 7.. <r

or vessel belonging to persons or any kingdom or ltate in amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any manner whatever, any beans, called Kidney or French Beans, tares, lentiles, callivances, and all other forts of pulse, and also bulls, cows, oxen, calyes, sheep, lambs, and swine, beef, pork, v mutton, veal, and lamb, whether salted or otherwise, bacon, hams, tongues, butter, cheese, potatoes, rice, fa*go, sago powder, tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, and four crout, without the payment of any duty whatever, at all times before the said expiration of six weeks from the commencement of the next session of parliament j and in like manner to recall such permission, either in part or in whole, if circumstances shall seem so to require; any thing in any act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Such articles Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a due

with tlieoffi- entrY shall be made of all such beans called Kidney or French Beans, tares, lentiles, callivances, and all other forts of pulse, and of such bulls, cows, oxen, calyes, sheep, lambs, and swine, beef and pork, veal, mutton and lamb, bacon, hams, tongues, butter, cheese, potatoes, rice, sago, sago powder, tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, and four crout, that shall be imported by virtue of this act, or any order in council made under the authority thereof, with the proper officers of the customs at the port into which the same shall be imported; and in default thereof the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs. Recovery and y. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and forfei-penaltfe9n ftures created and incurred by this act, (and not herein otherwise P*specially directed to be prosecuted and recovered), shall and may, be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such manner, and by such ways, means and methods, as any penalties incurred on any goods, ships, or vessels, forfeited for any offence against the laws of customs, may now be legally sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the officer or officers concerned in seizures or prosecutions under this act, shall be entitled

cer of the customs at the port of importation, on pain of forfeiture.

jesty, of certain articles duty free.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 88. 369

titled to and receive such share of the produce arising from the seizures, as they are now by law entitled to upon prosecution of seizures for unlawful importation, and to such share of the produce arising from any pecuniary fine or penalty, or composition paid for any offence against this act, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to, upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

VI. And be it further enacted, That copies of such orders as Copies of or-shall be made by his Majesty in council, for any of the purposes ders m. conn-mentioned in this act, if made when parliament is fitting, shall be laid before both houses of parliament, within three days after liament/ the same shall have issued; and if made when parliament is not fitting, then within fourteen days after the meeting of the next session of parliament.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act for erecting the county of Ed inburgh into a separate dislrift, for the purpose of regulating the importation and exportation of corn.

[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the thirty-fitjl year of the

[Preamble.]

reign of his present Majesty, intituled.\ An act for regu- 31 Geo. 3. lating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment c. 30. of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn exported; it wasy among other things, enacted, That, for better ascertaining the prices of corn and oatmeal for t hr purposes in the said aft mentioned., the several maritime counties of that part of Great Britain called England, and afo the several counties of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, should be divided into dislrifts; and that the counties of Fife, Kinross, Clackmannan,

Stirling, Linlithlow, Edinburgh, Haddington, Berwick, Roxburgh, Selkirk, and Peebles, should be the thirteenth dislrift and, by the said act, corn was permitted to be carried coaflivise, in the tnanner and under the regulations by the said act prescribed: and whereas another act ivas made in the thirty-third year of the reign 33 Geo. 3. of his present Majesty, for amending the said act: and whereas it is c* ^5* found expedient that the county of Edinburgh should be disjoined from the aforesaid thirteenth dislrift, and be erected into a dislrift by itself: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the The county aforesaid act made in the thirty-first year of his Majesty's reign, Edinburgh as unites the county of Edinburgh with the other counties j.ated from the above mentioned, forming the thirteenth district, shall be, and the other conn-fame is hereby repealed; and the aforesaid counties of Fife, Kin- ties forming ross, Clackmannan, Stirling, Linlithlow, Haddington, Berwick, Rox- the 13th dit-burgh, Selkirk, and Peebles, shall be and continue the thirteenth ^cited district, subject to the same rules and regulations to which they a.^ were subject and liable before the? passing of this act.

37 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 89. [1798.

II. And be it enacted, That the said county of Edinburgh iVfd? w\l the ^or purposes of the said acts, be, and be deemed to be,

17th*; and the seventeenth district, and a district by itself; and that the the monthly monthly prices to be ascertained within the city of Edinburgh^ prices of and returned by his Majesty's sheriff depute in the way and within Edin- manner prescribed by the aforesaid acts, shall regulate the im-burgh, shall portation and exportation of ail kinds of corn, meal, and flour, regulate the with the duties and bounties thereon, and the carrying the same importation coastwise to and from the port of Leith, and creeks belonging lion TrU- t^leret0 f ad that ah the rules and regulations contained in the aforesaid acts relative thereto, and to warehousing, and taking the same out of warehouses, shall be applicable to the said seventeenth district, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if it had been constituted a district by the first recited* a ft.

Jonnmum*

III. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue and be in force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and one.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for regulating the mariner in which the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up ships for their regular service.

[July 12, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

The East India company shall employ in their service no ships but such as shall be contracted for, for fix voyages, and shall advertise for proposals, and accept the lowest terms.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the manner in which the ships hired and taken up for the service of the united company of mer- chants ^England trading to the East Indies, should be regulated as herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, the said united company, or their court of directors, shall employ in their regular service no ships but such as shall be contracted for to serve the said company, as they shall have occasion to employ them in trade and warfare, or any other service, for fix voyages to and from India or China, or elsewhere within the limits of the said united company's exclusive trade; and that, from time to time, whenever the said united company shall have occasion to cause any ship or ships to be built for their service, the court of directors of the said united company shall give notice thereof by publick advertisement, and therein ft ate the burthen of the ship or ships wanted, the dimensions or scantlings of timbers and planks, number of guns, manner of building, providing, furnishing, and storing such ships, the time to be allowed for building, (which shall be as long as reasonably may be), and other particulars necessary to enable persons to judge of the expences thereof, and the proper rate of freight for such ships respectively, or shall refer to and give information of all such particulars by their proper officer; and the said advertisement shall fix a time (not iefs than four weeks from the publication thereof) for receiving

pro*

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 89. 371

proposals in writing, sealed up, for building and freighting the same to the company, such proposals to specify the lowed rates of freight, or, if the company ffcall require it, of freight and de-morage in time of peace, required for such ships for fix voyages to and from India or China, or elsewhere within the limits of the company's exclusive trade, to be employed in trade and in warfare, or otherwise, as shall be thought proper by the company, if the said ships respectively shall so long be fit for the company's service; and that all the tenders or proposals which shall be made in pursuance of such notices, shall be put into a ^ox locked and sealed, which shall not be opened, except publickly in a court of directors, and the contents of such proposals respectively shall be entered in a book, and the proposals offering the lowed peace freight, or peace freight and demorage, as the case may be, shall be accepted without favour or partiality; and in case more ships than shall be wanted shall be tendered to be built at the same low freight, then the court of directors shall determine which of the said proposal or proposals shall be accepted.

II. And be it further enacted, That over and besides the The court of

peace freight and demorage herein-before mentioned, the courtdirectors may of directors shall be at liberty to make such agreements with the^sa^" owners of the said ships, either from voyage to voyage, or for the ship own-the whole term of the said ships being engaged in the said com-ers for afeer-pany's service, for the ascertaining and payment of the additional taining addi-charges arising to the said owners in time of war and hofiilities, 0rgcs

or preparations for war and hostilities, as the said court of di- war, or pre-reclors shall think right and just. parationtor it.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall The directors be lawful for the said court of directors, if they shall see fit, to mayenterinto advertise for and receive proposals, and enter into agreements, agreements for ships to be built for the service of the said company for fix ^ates^rament voyages, at permanent rates of freight and demorage for time of freight and peace, and also at established rates of additional freight and de- demorage for morage to be paid during the present war, and that in thSt cafet, x^e

they shall be at liberty, and are hereby required to accept such additional proposals as, both circumstances being considered, shall appear rates during upon the whole to be the lowest and most for the advantage of the the present said united company, without favour or partiality, and to enter war# into permanent agreements accordingly; and in case two or more proposals shall offer terms equally advantageous, the said court of directors shall determine which of them shall be accepted.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing Act not to herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to rest or, /to ac " oblige the said court of directors to accept or enter into any ceptunrfori* agreement, or any proposal or proposals which they, or the ma- able proposals, jor part of them, shall deem to be unreasonable, although such although the proposal or proposals may be the lowest and the most advantar lowe*t# geous which may be offered.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case a

any regular ftiip which, since the twentieth day of March oneOT captured

3b 2 thousand before the

372 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 89. [1798.

hmfifthe, n  ufand seven hundred and ninety-six, hath been engaged in voyage, the l^e reSu^ar service of the said united company* or which now is, dire dors may01* hereafter shall be* engaged in the said service for fix voyages* agree with the hath been* or shall be, loft or captured before the completion owners to Gf her fifth voyage, if upon a full investigation of the circum-upon certain* ^ances lfs byhe court of directors, or some corn-

conditions* mittee thereof* the commander and owners of such ship shall be fully acquitted from all imputation of neglect or misconduct in respect of such loss, in the opinion of eighteen directors at lead at a court specially assembled for the purpose of taking the said commander's and the owners conduct into confederation; and provided always, That such vote or resolution of the court of directors shall be reported to a general court of proprietors, aner shall after such report be confirmed by way of ballot by three parts in four of the proprietors assembled in general court spe-cialiy convened for that purpose, whereof eight days previous notice of the time and purpose of such meeting shal] be given in the London Gazette; and if such commander shall be then living* or if he should have loft his life, or have been absolutely disabled from further service on the occasion which produced the loss of the said ship, and the chief officer of the said ship should have exerted himself honourably for her defence and safety, either in fight or distress at lea* and shall be acquitted in manner herein-before mentioned, from all imputation of neglect or misconduct in respect of such loss, and such acquittal shall also be confirmed in manner herein-before mentioned, then it shall and may be lawful for the court of directors to agree with the owners of such ship so loft to build another ship, for the service of the said company, to be employed by them at the same freight and demorage, and upon the same terms for and on which such loft ship was originally taken up for the number of voyages which such loft ship had not completed of the number of voy-. ages originally contracted for, so as the owners shall agree that, at the expiration of the remaining voyage or voyages, such new ship shall continue in the service of the said united company until she shall have performed fix voyages, which subsequent voyages shall severally be performed at the lowed rate of freight and demorage, either in peace or war, which shall be payable in respect of the ship of a similar description as to the equipment contracted for last, before the said ship shall proceed upon each of the said subsequent voyages: provided always, That such ship so rebuilt shall be commanded in the first instance by the captain of the former ship* if he be able to serve, and failing of him by the said chief officer of the former snip, if he be able to serve.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the court of directors of the said united company, or their servants abroad, in cases of unforeseen exigency, to hire ships for any particular service; and in cases of ships so hired, publick notice shall be given by advertisement of the ships or tonnage wanted, and the service required, fourteen days at least previous to the time appointed for taking up the

In cases of exigency, thips may be hived for any particular /errice.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 90. 373

same; and the proposals to be made in pursuance of such advertisements shall be put into a box locked and sealed, which shall not be opened, except publickly in a court of directors, or by the governor and council, where the contract shall be made in any of the company's settlements in India, and then the lowest tender or tenders shall be accepted, without favour or partiality, if it shall be deemed reasonable, and if upon a due examination and survey the ship or ships tendered shall appear to be in all respects fit for the service required.

VII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall A# not to

extend, or be construed to extend, in any ways to relate to ^TSp^ketsw or vessels hired, or taken up or employed as pacquets, or any ofve(pe]sem_ the ships or vessels belonging to or employed in the marine war ployed in the establishment of the said united company in the East Indies-, but marine dta-it shall and may be lawful for the said united company, and their iil

court of directors and servants abroad, to hire, take up, and employ vessels for those purposes only, in such manner as they shall see fit.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every, and so Bye laws of much and such part of the bye laws, rules, and regulations of the company, said united company, and of their court of directors, now in to this^to11* force, and hereafter to be made, any ways relating to the ship-remain in ping concerns of the said company, and to the commanders and force, officers in their service, which are not, or shall not be incon-

fiflent with or repugnant to the provisions hereby enacted, shall remain and be of the same validity, force, and effedf, and shall be observed in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as the same bye laws, rules, and regulations, or such parts thereof as aforesaid, would have been in force, and ought to have been observed if this act had not been made; or to restrain the said company from repealing or making any bye laws, so as they shall pothe inconsistent with the provisions herein contained; this act or any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XC.

An act to amend two acts, passed in the twenty-six th and thirtyfe^ venth years of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the militia of the counties of Middlesex and Surrey; and for applying certain monies remaining in the hands of the clerks ta the deputy lieutenants of the county of Middlesex, and other persons, towards the completing of the said militia.

[July 12, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the several acts passed in the twenty- sixth and thirty seventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, respecting the militia of this kingdom, should be amended, so far as relate to the several particulars herein after mentioned, so far as relate to the county of Middlesex and the county of Surrey;

S74 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 90. [1798.

and that certain [urns of money novu remaining in the hands of the clerks to the deputy lieutenants of the county of Middlesex, should be applied to the completing the militia of the said county: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority The confta- of the same, That the several constables, tythingmen, headbo-bles, &c. in roughs, and other officers, in the several parishes within the MWdlesexand county Middlesex, and within the county of Surrey, required quired to re- to return lifts of persons liable to serve in the militia, shall, within turn lifts of fourteen days after any such returns shall be required, after the persons liable passing of this act, give or leave notice to or for every occupier militia6to^evry dwelling house where any person shall reside, within the give notice to of places for which they ac5f as such constables or other

housekeepers, officers as aforesaid, at his or her dwelling house, or where such &c. to prepare dwelling house shall be divided into different (lories or apart-

lifts of men ments and occupied distinCUy by several persons, then to or for rending with. r r n In J r

them between "le occupier of each diixinct Itory or apartment, to prepare or

18 and 4? years old.

produce, within fourteen days next ensuing the day of giving such notice, a list in writing, to the bed of his or her belief, of the christian and surname of each and every man resident in such dwelling house, between the ages of eighteen and forty-five 5 and every such occupier shall, after such notice so given or left, make out such lift, and sign the same with his or her own name, and shall deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to such constable or other officer as aforesaid; and if any such occupier shall neglect or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver such lift as aforesaid, within the time herein-before limited, or shall omit any person who ought to have been included therein, in purfuson who ought a nee of this aeft, every such occupier shall, for every such of-to be included. fence> forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding the sum of five pounds, to be recovered in the same manner as by the said acI of the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, any penalties are di rc&ed to be recovered.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case where any notice shall he served upon any occupier, being one of the people called Quakers, such occupier shall, within (even days after the service of such notice, produce to the constable or other officer, a certificate under the hands of two or more reputable housekeepers, being of the people called Quakers, acknowledging such man to be one of their persuasion, according to the directions contained in the said act of the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, and that in all such cases the constables or other officers are hereby required to make returns of the persons resident in the houses, stories, or apartments of such occupiers, so certified to be of the people called Quakers, liable to serve in the militia for the said counties, in the same manner as is directed by the said acts of the twenty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty,

Penalty of 5l. for not delivering such lifts, or omitting any per-

Quakers, to produce a certificate from two Quakers, acknowledging them to be of their perfua-lion.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 90. 375

III. And be it further enacted, That if any person sworn and Substitutes enrolled to serve as a substitute in the said militia, and whp shal) raiment have left in the hands of the clerk to the deputy lieutenants any within one*sum or sums of money, to be paid to such substitute upon his month after joining the regiment, battalion, or corps, for which he shall order, shall have been enrolled, shall not join the regiment or battalion for

which he shall have been sworn and enrolled, according to such them with the order as shall have been given him in that respect, in pursuance clerk of the of any law now in force respecting the militia, within one month deputy lieu-after the time appointed by such order, that then, and in every tenants, such case, such substitute shall forfeit every such sum or sums of money, and such sum and sums of money shall be disposed of and applied in manner herein after directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the If a person passing of this act, if any person chosen by ballot to serve in the choftn by bal-militia shall produce a substitute, who being duly sworn and en-

rolled to serve in the militia, shall nevertheless desert before he tute, who shall shall have joined the regiment, battalion, or corps of militia for desert before which he shall have been sworn and enrolled as a substitute as jif jlns' aforesaid, that then, and in every such case, the person producing such substitute shall remain liable to serve, and shall be serve unless he compellable and compelled to serve in the militia for which he produce a was so ballotted as aforesaid, as if such substitute had not been substitute who sworn and enrolled, unless he shall forthwith produce another Joms* substitute who shall regularly join the said regiment.

[Where a per

V. Provided always, That in every case where any person who shall be liable to find a substitute for the said militia, shall Ion liable to pay to the clerk to the deputy lieutenants acting within the said

county of Middlesex, and the said county of Surrey respectively, a^um rmt ex^. a sum not exceeding the sum of ten guineas, which such deputy ceeding ten lieutenants shall adjudge to be, as near as may be, the current guineas, he price then paid for a volunteer, to be disposed of and applied in

manner herein after mentioned, that then, and in every such Service, and case, such person shall be exempt from service in the said militia, be entitled to in the same manner as if he himself had served, according to the same al-the directions of the acts passed in the twenty-sixth and thirty,

seventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, and shall be vkled a^'uol entitled to the same allowance as he would have been by law en- stitute. titled to, in case he had himself provided a fit person to serve as his substitute in the said militia.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the clerk to the said de- The clerk to

puty lieutenants fhalh within one month after the pa fling of this 'he deputy a. A .1 r q:, 1 c i- lieutenants to

act, pay over to the commanding officers of the respective re- OVtrr to

giments or battalions, all sum and sums of money received by commanding him before the passing of this act, for and on account of, or officers nil from or for any substitute or substitutes for the said militia, and t'e"l 'a

Avail also from time to time pay over to the said commanding celve' 'ft officers, within fourteen days after he shall receive the same, all such fqm and sums of money as he shall from time to time hereafter receive as aforesaid, from the persons ballotted to serve in the said militia.

376

Commanding officers shall apply the money in raising volunteers, and transmit to the general meetings of lieutenancy, a return of men enlisted, and an account of the" money expended.

Any person ierving in the militia may beat up for volunteers.

Anno tegni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 90. [1798.

VII. And be further enabled, That the respective commanding officers of the said militia shall, immediately after the receipt of any such sum or sums of money, forthwith proceed to the enlisting of volunteers for the supplying the vacancies in the said militia, existing at the time of the passing of this act, and that may hereafter arise therein, and shall apply all such sums of money so transmitted to him as aforesaid in the raising such volunteers, and from time to time, once at least in every month after the passing of this act, transmit or cause to be transmitted to the general meetings of lieutenancy for the said county, accurate returns in writing of the respective numbers of effective private men that shall have been enlisted and entered into the said militia, specifying in every such return the christian and surname, and description of the person so enlisted as aforesaid, and shall transmit, or cause to be transmitted therewith, an accurate account of all sums of money expended in raising such volunteers, together with the balance remaining in his hands from time to time for that purpose.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any officer, serjeant, or other person, serving for the time being in the said militia, being thereunto authorised by the commanding officer for the time being, to beat up for and enlist volunteers to serve in the said militia, for the supplying all such vacancies as may be, at the time of passing this act, in the said militia, or at any time afterwards shall arise therein.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the deputy lieutenants assembled at the general meetings of lieutenancy, next after the

General meetings,

of ret uni s^ to rece'Pt of any such returns as aforesaid, shall make an apportionment of the men so enlisted as aforesaid, according to the number of men so enlisted, and the vacancies in the respective parishes to be thereby supplied, and also as near as may be, according to the several and respective amounts of the respective sums that shall have been paid into the hands of the commanding officers by such clerk to the deputy lieutenants, in the manner and for the purpose aforesaid; and all vacancies afterwards arising therein shall be filled up, and all ballots for any men to serve in such militia shall henceforth be regulated according to such apportionment so made as aforesaid, in like manner as is provided by any act or acts now in force for the raising, providing, 2nd recruiting such militia, in like manner as if the men so enlisted and apportioned as aforesaid, had been supplied by ballot according to the said acts; and the families of riffies to which z\\ persons enlisted by virtue of this act, and serving in the said apportioned. m]ptia, shall be entitled to the same allowances from the respective parishes to which they shall be apportioned, as by any act of parliament relative to the militia are provided for the families of militia men called out into actual service.

All acts re-

X. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions, hting to the rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, bounties, allowances, tend to^hiss" clauses, matters, and things contained in the aforesaid a6is of the act. twenty-

make an apportionment of the men enlisted, and all vacancies afterwards to be filled up, and ballots regulated according thereto; and the families of persons enlisted, to be entitled to allowance from the pa-

371

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 91.

twenty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his Majesty's reign, or in any other act of parliament relative to the raising, training, embodying, and calling out of the militia, or providing for the families of militia men called out, or in any act to be passed in this session of parliament relative to the paying, cloathing, or subsisting the militia, shall be applied, practised, and put in execution, with respect to the militia directed to be raised by this act, in as full and ample a manner as if the said powers, provisions, rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, bounties, allowances, clauses, matters, and things, were again repeated and enacted in this act, so far as the same are applicable to the provisions of this act, and are not repugnant to or altered by the express provisions of this act.

CAP. XCI.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

[July 12, 1799.]

703, 5411. 13s. 4cl. to be raised by a lottery, to consist of 55, 000 tickets at 12I 15s. iod. each. All persons who have made deposits of il. 5s. lod. for each ticket, pursuant to the resolution of the house of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their subscriptions at the times following, viz. il. 10s. by August 13, 1799,  d. by Sept. 27,  2b by Nov. 8,  3l. by Dec. 13,  and the remaining 3l. by Jan. 21, 1800, and the contributors for each 12b 15s. iod. advanced, shall be entitled to such lot upon each fortunate ticket as is herein mentioned; and those that pay contributions before Dec. 12, to be allowed discount at 3l. per cent, per annum, and to have lottery tickets delivered at ial. 15s. iod. each. Cashier to give fecuvity to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the treasury; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to apply the money paid in by the cashier. 500, 000l. the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the calibers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cahners to return the books, with the undilpoled tickets, with an account of money received and paid in Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or Aik; and cut off indentwise into a box marked with the letter (A), and put into another box to be locked up and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 55, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. One prize of 30; ooool.  two of 20, 000b  three of 10, 000l.  four of 5, ooool.  five of 2, 0001.  ten of i, ooool  ten of 500I  twenty-six of iool.  fifty-four of 5cl.  sixteen thousand six hundred and fifty of 181.  20, 000b to the owner of the fir It drawn ticket on the twentieth day.  and 30, 000b to the owner of the first drawn ticket on the twenty-sixth day. Tickets in the outermost column of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), Scc. Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on March 3, 1800. Method to be observed in drawing, Sec. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the Anns to be printed, Disputes to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets. Offenders (not in prison) discovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon and 50b reward. Managers to be sworn. Cashier may receive the Aims subscribed, giving a note for the same, which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 12b 15s. iod. paid. After August 13, 1709, the cashier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value one half of the Turn actually subscribed; and shall give receipts for the reiki tie ci such sums after deducting

CO

78 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 92. [1798.

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

the value of the tickets so delivered. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, Sec. Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, &c. as they shall think fit. The 500, 0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this session; and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on August i, 1800, &c. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered. Sec. and signed, &c. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this a ct. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution monies for receipts, &c. on penalty of 20l. No person to take down the numbers of the tickets at the time of drawing, unless employed as a clerk by the managers, or licensed so to do. Persons so licensed to receive from the stamp office numerical books, which shall be stamped on every leaf. Commissioners to grant such licences only on account of licensed lottery offices. Penalty on unlicensed persons taking down or publishing the numbers of tickets drawn, &c. On complaint, the magistrates of London may grant warrants for apprehending offenders. Persons in the actual commission of such offence may be apprehended by any person and carried before a ma-giltrate, who may commit the offender if penalty be not paid. Application of penalties. 50l. penalty on persons summoned as witnesses, not appearing, Sec. Commissioners shall not be required to grant a licence for dealing in lottery tickets, unless it shall appear that the party is able to answer the penalty required by law, and he shall have deposited a certain number of tickets, See, Persons: o whom licences are granted, to give bond agreeably to 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. At the end of twelve months after expiration of licences, the of may give up bonds, or put them in suit. Licences of persons neglecting to deposit or divide into shares fifty tickets to be void; and the defaulters to be published in the Gazette, &c. In cases where licences under 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. are declared void, in such cases licences granted after the commencement of this act shall be void for offences against this act or 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. Licences may be refused to persons convicted. 20l. penalty on persons continuing on their houses the words Licensed, See A after the expiration of their licences, See. Executors, Sec. may be authorised to carry on business for the residue of the term of licences. No tickets to be divided into any other shares than halyes, quarters, eighths, and fifteenths, on penalty of 50l. Persons counterfeiting shares, Sec. guilty of felony. Persons preparing, or having in their custody any register or lift of tickets* but as in this act particularised, or keeping any place for examining tickets by any other than such lift, Sec. to forfeit 50l. On complaint on oath of offences against 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. whereby the parties may be liable to punishment as rogues, justices may authorise persons to break open houses, Sit. Persons discovered in such houses concerned in carrying on illegal transactions to be punished as rogues, and may be arrested, Sec. Persons employing or aiding others to carry on such illegal transactions to be deemed rogues and vagabonds. Manner in which actions for penalties shall be commenced. Where the amount of penalties fined for is not inftrted in writs, the defendant to be served with a copy of the process, Sec. Offenders adjudged rogues and vagabonds may be committed. Proceedings not removeable by certiorari.

CAP. XCII.

An act for altering the period of making up the annual account of the duties onJl amp ed vellum, parchment, and paper.

[July 13, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the first year of the reign of Queen Anne,

[

1 Ann nr, c. 22.

intituled An act for preventing frauds in her Majesty's duties upon stainpea vellum, parchment, and paper, it

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 93. 379

is directed, that the annual account of the stamp duties shall be made up on the first day of August in every year: and whereas it is expedient that the said account should be made be made up at a period corresponding with other accounts of the publick revenue; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lord's spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[The annual

That, from and after the tenth day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the account of the said duties

the^am^u

shall be made up annually on the fifth day of January in every ties to be made

year, or at such other period as the lords of of his up on Jan. 5,

Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord yearly, or at

high treasurer for the time being, shall direct and appoint; any

thing in the said act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise treasury shall

notwithstanding. diretfa

CAP. XCIII.

An act to repeal so much of an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of Queen Anne, and a Jo so much of an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as puts an end to the forfeiture of inheritances upon attainder of treason, after the death of the pretender and his Jons.

[July 12, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the seventh year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne,

[7 Annas c. 21.]

intituled An act for improving the union of the two kingdoms; whereby, amongst other ad things, it was provided and enacted, That after the decease of the person who pretended to be prince of Wales during the life of the late King James, and since pretends to be King of Great Britain, and at the end of the term of three years after the immediate ficceffon to the crown, upon the demise of her said late Majesty, should take effect, no attainder for treaj on should extend to the disheriting of any heirs, nor to the prejudice of the right or title of any person or persons, other than the right or title of the offender or offenders, during his, her, or their natural lives only; and that it should and might be lawful to every person or persons to whom the right 'or interest oj any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, after the death of any such offender, should or might have appertained, if no such attainder had been, to enter the same: and whereas by another act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An acte to make7 recited it high t re a Ion to hold correspondence with the Tons of the pre-'1 0

tender to his Majesty's crown; and for attainting them of high treason, in case they shall land or attempt to land in Great Britain, or any of the dominions thereunto belonging; and for suspending the operations and effect of a clause in the act of the seventh year of the late Queen Anne, for improving the union of the two kingdoms, relating to forfeitures for high treason, until after the disease of the fons of the said pretender; after reciting so much of the aforesaid act as hereinbefore recited, it was further enacted

380

Provisions of the two acts herein recited, repealed.

[Preamble.]

From March 5, 1799, the proportion of fees received by the matter of the mint shall be applied as herein after mentioned; and instead of the pretent salary and fees, he shall be paid 3, cool, per annum half-yearly.

Taxes to which the matter is now fuhiedfc, to be paid out of the fees Ik rein directed to be accounted for.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 94. [1798.

acted^ "That the said provision so made by the aforesaid act should not take place, nor have any operation, force, or effect whatsoever, until after the deceases not only of the said prete?ider, but also of his eldejl and all and every other Jon and fins: and whereas it is expedient that the said provisions in the two several acts contained and hereinbefore recited should be repealed; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said provisions in the said two several acts contained and hereinbefore recited, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

CAP. XCIV.

An act to ascertain the salary of the master and worker of his Majesty's mint.

[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS the emoluments arising from the office of the mafier and worker of his Majesty's mint are uncertain, and of very different amount in different years, and in the case of a recoinage are excessive: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March last past, the proportion of fees, allowances, and emoluments, received or retained by the master and worker of his Majesty's mint under and by virtue of the indenture between his Majesty and the said master and worker of the mint, shall no longer be paid to, received, or retained by him for his own use, but the same shall be received, paid, applied, and accounted for in the manner herein after mentioned; and that in fteacl of the present salary, and such proportion of fees, allowances, and emoluments, there shall be paid to the master and worker of hk Majesty's mint, a net salary or sum of three thousand pounds per afttiumy which shall be accepted by him in lieu of the salary and proportion of fees, allowances, and emoluments heretofore paid to, received, or retained by the master and worker of the mint, for his own use, and which salary of three thousand pounds per annum hereby directed to be paid as aforesaid, shall be paid and pavabie to him half yearly; that is to say, On the fifth day of April and the tenth of October in every year, out of the proportion of fees, allowances, and emoluments, herein after directed to be received and accounted for, if the same shall be sufficient for that purpose; and if the same shall not be sufficient, then such salary of three thousand pounds per annum shall be paid and payable in the manner herein after appointed for payment thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That all taxes to which the master and worker of his Majesty's mint is now subject in respect of the said office, shall be paid out of the monies arising by the proportion of fees, allowances, and emoluments herein after directed to be received and accounted for.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 95. 381

III. And be it farther enacted, That the same proportion of The propor-fees, allowances, and emoluments, that are now paid and allow- t]on of

ed to be received and retained by the master and worker of his J^Th^master Majesty's mint, shall still continue to be paid and allowed to and reCeived received by such person as the lords of of the treasury by a person for the time being, or any three or more of them, shall think appointed by-fit to appoint, who shall receive such reasonable salary for ^Vif an^ his pains and labour, and shall give such security for duly surplus reaccounting for the same, as shall be approved by the lords mains after of of the treasury for the time being; and a par- payment of ticular and distinct account shall be kept thereof, and the same ^paid there-shall be accounted for to the lords of of the treasury 0lltf it shall he for the time being, who are hereby required to direct the surplus, paid into the if any shall remain after payment of the sums hereby directed to exchequer, be paid thereout, to be paid into the exchequer, and carried to f^cien^ the and made part of the consolidated fund; but in case the propor- deficiency tion of fees, allowances, and emoluments herein-before directed shall be paid to be received for making the several payments directea by this out of the act to be paid thereout, shall not be sufficient to answer and pay bdated the same, then and in that case the said salary of three thousand pounds per annum, and such other payment as aforesaid, or the deficiency thereof, shall be paid and payable out of any monies carried to and made part of the consolidated fund, not already directed to be applied by any act or acts of parliament.

[The office of

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall not be lawful to grant the office of matter and minUx^be C worker of his Majesty's mint, in any other manner than subject granted sub-to the directions of this act. jedt to the

V. And whereas the covenants contained in the indenture usually act S made between his Majesty and the master and worker of his Majesty's mint, are not in the nature of a contrast coming within the meaning and intention of an act passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for retraining any person concerned in any contract, commission, or agreement, made for the publick service, from being elected or fitting and voting as a member of the house of commons; be it enacted, That no- 2, 2 ^eo- 3* thing in the said act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to extendi the any person holding the office of master and worker of his M3- matter of jesty's mint. the mint.

CAP. XCV.

An act to permit goods the produce of any foreign colony in America, imported directly from thence in any flip or vessel belonging to the subjects of any country or place in amity with his Majesty, to be entered and landed without payment of the duty grunted by an act of the last session of parliament, for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom.

[July 12, 1799.]

[Preamble,

WHEREAS it is expedient that goods, and merchandize, being the growth end produce of any foreign colony, if and, or plantation in America, imported into this kingdom directly from

38 Geo. 3.

382 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 96, 97. [1798.

any such colony, island, or plantation, in ships belonging to the subjects of the united Jlates of America, or of any other country or place in amity with his Majesty, under the authority of any order or orders, of his Majesty in council, should be permitted to be entered, landed, and warehoused, without payment of the duty of customs imposed by an act - - of the la ftJeff on of parliament, intituled An act for the better protec-

ts 7, reci e.^on the tra(je of this kingdom; and for granting new and additional duties of customs on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of certain ships entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign parts, until the signing the preliminary articles of peace: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Goods of the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July growth of any one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it shall and maybe i^Amevica!^ lawful for the officers of his Majesty's customs to permit any goods, imported di- wares, or merchandize, being of the growth and produce of any foreign colony, island, or plantation in America, and imported into this kingdom directly from any such colony, island, or plantation, in any ship or vessel belonging to any of the subjects of the united states of America, or of any other country or place in amity with his Majesty; to be entered and landed in this king-his Majesty, dom without payment of the duty of customs imposed by the if permitted*said recited act; provided such goods, wares, and merhandize, by order in shall be permitted to be landed and warehoused in this kingdom by virtue and under the authority of any order or orders of his Majesty in council.

II. And be it further enacted, That any such goods, wares, or merchandize, so imported, landed, and warehoused, shall and maybe afterwards delivered from any such warehouse for exportation to foreign parts without payment of the duty of customs imposed by the said recited act on the exportation of any such goods, wares, or merchandize: provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt goods, wares, and merchandize, so imported as aforesaid, from the payment of any of the duties imposed by the said recited act, in case any such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be taken out of any warehouse for the purpose of being used or consumed in this kingdom, or from the duties of customs granted by an act: of this present section of parliament.

CAP. XCVI.

An act to enable Matthew Boulton, engineer, to export the machinery necessary for erecting a mint in the dominions of his imperial majesty, the emperor of all the Russias.

[July 1799.]

CAP. XCVII.

reftly from thence in vessels belonging to subjects of any place in amity with his Majesty,

council,

and maybe delivered for exportation, without payment of the duty imposed by recited act; but if delivered for home consumption, the duties imposed by that act, and an act of the present session, shall be paid.

efraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in )f Great Britain called England, for one year, from the twen-

An act for defraying

that part of _.. w

ty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and nmety-nme.

[july ii, 1799.]

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 98, 99. 383

CAP. XCVIII.

An act to allow the importation of Spanish wool, in ships belonging to countries in amity with his Majesty.

[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign

[Preamble.]

of his present Majesty, amongst other things, to prevent traitorous 33 Geo. 3. correspondence with his Majesty's enemies, and by several subsequent acts, c. 27* trade and intercourse is prohibited between Great Britain and the countries in hostility with his Majesty, unless such trade and intercourse shallhe specially permitted by his Majesty's licence and authority: and whereas, for the encouragement of the manufactures of this country, it is expedient to permit the importation of Spanish wool from any place whatever, in ships or vessels belonging to any kingdom or (late in amity with his Majesty: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament af- Spanish wool sembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may may be im-be lawful to and for any person or persons to import into this veflSf belone-kingdom, Spanish wool from any port or place whatever in foreign ing to counparts, in any ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or (late in tries in amity-amity with his Majesty; any thing in the said act passed in the with his Ma-thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, or any other ^ithltandinff act or acts of parliament, to the contrary in any wise notwith- the recited (landing. ad.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any ship or vessel, Vessels detain-having on board any Spanish wool, has been or may be detained, ed having and it shall appear to the satisfaction of the lords of his Majesty's council that his Majesty's licence was granted for the importation bereftored by of such Spanish wool before such detention, it shall and may be an order of lawful for the said lords of his Majesty's council, and they are his Majesty's -hereby authorised and required to order and direct the immediate c.ouncil restoration of every such ship or vessel, and all such Spanish wool, pr^ously* under the aforesaid circumstances, to the respective owner or granted for

owners, or proprietor or proprietors thereof. the importa-

tion.

CAP. XCIX.

An act to encourage the trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient mode of performing quarantine, and for reducing the duty granted by an act of the last session on goods the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any place within the freights of Gibraltar.

[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the

[Preamble.]

reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An act for enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant c. 18, recited. Seas, it is among fl other things enabled, ci hat no goods or merchandizes liable to retain the inf eft ion of the plague, and coining from the Levant

584 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 99. [1798.

vant without a clean bill of healthy shall be landed in any part of Great Britain or Ireland, or of the isles ^/'Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, unless it shall appear to the satisfaction of his Majesty, his heirs orsuccessors, or of his or their privy council, that the said goods or merchandizes have been sufficiently opened and aired in the lazarets of Malta, Ancona, Venice, Medina, Leghorn, Genoa, and Marleilles, or one of them: and whereas it is expedient to permit goods and merchandize to be imported from the Levant under certain regulations and r efriftions, without having been opened and aired as directed by the said recited act: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the pasting of this act, it shall be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and with the advice of his or their entry of goods privy council, or by any order or orders to be issued from time to rnminir frnm time, to grant licence and permission for the importation into Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Many of all goods, wares, and merchandizes, coming from the Levant Seas without clean bills of health, without such goods and merchandizes having been opened and aired in the lazarets of any of the ports or places mentioned in the said recited ac!, and that all such goods and merchandizes shall and may be admitted lazarets men- to an entry in any of the ports of Great Britain, or the said islands tioned in re- of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, subject! nevertheless to such regulations, rules, orders, and directions, with respect to opening and airing such goods and merchandizes previous to the landing thereof, and to the performance of quarantine by the crews or other persons belonging to or being on board of the ships or vessels in which such goods or merchandizes shall be imported,

by ordeMhall as k', Majesty, by and with the advice, of his privy council, shall,

by any order or orders to be issued as aforesaid, make, prescribe,

or directj any law, statute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the regulations, rules, orders, and directions, made, prescribed, or directed in such order, shall not be duly observed and practised by all and every the persons belonging to or being on board any ftiip or vessel in which such goods or merchandize shall be imported as aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning thereof, then and in every such case such person or persons shall be subject! and liable to all such pains, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, as are in ft idled by the said act of his late Majesty for offences committed contrary to the said act, as if this ac!, or any order of his Majesty in pursuance thereof, had not been made.

His Majesty, by order in council, may permit the

coming from the Levant Seas, without clean bills of health, although such goods shall not have been aired in the

cited act, subject to such regulations and performance of quarantine

direct.

Non-observ-anee of such order shall subject! the defaulters to the penalties inflicted by recited act.

The duty imposed by 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. of 21. for every look of the vdue of British goods ex-

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom, and for granting new and additional duties of customs on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of certain flips entering outwards

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. ioo. 385

or inwards, to or from foreign paruntil signing the pre- Por*; e(' to any

liminary articles of peace, as imposes a duty of two pounds so kr

every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of all goods, as reiates to wares, and merchandize, the growth, produce, or manufacture goods export-of Great Britain, exported to any port or place whatever, not ed to any being within Europe, so far as reiates to any such goods, wares, or merchandize, exported to any port or place within the of Gibr^tar, (freights of Gibraltar, shall, from and after the passing of this shall cease; act, cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the apd instead passing of this act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and forleveryS" paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon all goods, 10ol. value wares, or merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture, shall be paid: (except sugar, and also such goods, wares, or merchandize, Exceptions, which by any special provifkm in the said last recited act are exempt from the respective duties thereby imposed), exported from this kingdom to any port or place within the (freights of Gibraltar, a duty of ten shillings for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof; which duty shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, secured, and recovered, in such and the like manner, ways, means, and methods, and shall be paid, accounted for, and applied, as the duty hereby repealed is by the said last recited act directed to be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, secured, recovered, paid, accounted for and applied.

CAP. C.

An Act to revive and continue, until the end of the next session of parliament, an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to continue and amend an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual encouragement of the British fisheries; and to amend an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for extending the fisheries, and improving the sea coast of this kingdom.

[July 12, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reign,

[26 Geo. 3. c. 81.]

intituled An act for the more effectual encouragement of the British fisheries, which was to continue in force from the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, for the term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas by two acts, made in the twenty-seventh and thirty-fifth years of his present Majesty's reign, the said first mentioned act was further continued and amended: and whereas by an act passed in the last session of parliament, the said last mentioned act was further continued until the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety -nine; and whereas it is expedient that the said act of the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign should be revived, and further continued and amended; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

386 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 100. [1798.

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-35 liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the

and confirmed passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present

in force till Majesty, intituled An act to continue and amend an act, made in the end of the the tvjenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, nt*t session. c in f0r the more effectual encouragement of the British fjloeriesf and all the powers and provisions therein contained, shall, from and after the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be revived, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue and be in force until the end of the next session of parliament.

II. And whereas by an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for incorporating certain persons therein named by the name and (file of The British Society for extending the Fisheries and improving the Sea Coajls of this Kingdom \ and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a joint stock, and therewith to purchase lands, and build thereon free towns, villages, and fishing stations, in the highlands and islands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland', and for other purposes; certain persons therein named and others were incorporated into a company by the name of The British Society for extending the Fisheries and improving the Sea Coasts The over t*is kingdom: and whereas it would greatly tend to promote the nor-6 irof laudable and beneficial purposes of the said society if the governor, the British deputy governor, and directors of the said society, were empowered in society in cor- certain cases to employ a certain part of the funds of the said society ^ Geo^otherwise than they are by the said act enabled to do; be it enacted, c. io6em- That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven

powered to hundred and ninety-nine, it shall and may be lawful for the

give premi- governor, deputy governor, and directors, of the said society, loans^o" or Part * l^em ass authr, ibd by the said act to direct the persons^at thea*a'rs society, or for such persons as may be by them

society's set- directed and authorised, to expend any sums of money, being tie meats; viz. part of the funds of the said society, which they shall deem ex-601. a year in pedient, not exceeding sixty pounds in any one year, in premiums premiums to or rewards to such sober and indufirious persons, resident at any

persons the of the settlements formed or to be formed by the said society, as

infish1n^r&c ^eem deserving, by reason of their expectness in

a> c fishing, curing of fish, preparing of soap or oil from fish, making of nets, or in the cultivation of the foil, or other useful arts tending to the advancement of the beneficial purposes of the said society; and also to lend at such interest, not exceeding legal interest, as the directors shall appoint, a certain sum or sums of 500l. in lo^ns money, not exceeding five hundred pounds in the whole, for the to persons for purpose of purchasing, building, or equipping boats or other vellblhe ve^s ^or the fi^er)A and also such further sum or sums of fishery, and tnney in loans to such persons as may build houses or tene-further sums ments at any of the settlements of the said society, the sum so for building lent in no case to exceed one third of the value of the houses or houses; tenements so to be built, such value to be ascertained by satisfactory certificates, and to be repaid, by equal instalments, in

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 101. 387

the course of five years; and also such sum or sums of money, not exceeding two hundred pounds; in loans, on proper security,oo1. m loans to be repaid in one year, to such person or persons as may dertake to provide fiores of oatmeal, salt, or other necessaries, at |tores at the any of the said settlements, for the use of the inhabitants thereof, settlements: the sum lent to any such person or persons in no case exceeding two thirds of the value of the salt, oatmeal, or other such necessaries which such person shall become bound to provide; and also such sum or sums of money, not exceeding two hundred and aool, pounds, in loans, to such person or persons as may undertake toore Per- establish any manufactory of nets, sail cloth, or cordage, or offtake spinning of hemp, flax, or woollen yarn, the sum so to be lent establish a to any such person or persons to be repaid within such time as manufactory the directors shall think fit, not exceeding three years, and in no^ne^nc^c case to exceed two thirds of the value of the hemp, flax, wool, c'or other materials which such person shall have provided, or become bound to provide for such manufactory: provided always,

That nothing in this act: shall be construed to diminish the powers of any general meeting of the said society as established by the said act, or to impeach the validity of any bye law of the said society, legally made at any such general meeting.

III. And whereas the said British society are dire died by the said act to lodge the money arising from the subscriptions of the members thereof or otherwise, in certain banks, without any power to itivejl the same in such manner as to produce an interest whilst the same is not employed in prosecuting the purposes of the said act, which has proved to be disadvantageous to the said society; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said fifth day of July one Surplus mo-thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it shall be lawful for*}eY of the the governor, deputy governor, and directors of the said society, b^invested^in or such part of them as is authorised by the said act to direct the government affairs of the said society, to invest such surplus money of thelecurities, or said society as may be from time to time under their direction in^t^hent-government securities, or to lend the same on heretable bonds Scotland S* in Scotland, for the purpose of obtaining an interest for the same during such time as it cannot be beneficially employed for the purposes of the said act; any thing in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CI.

An act to continue several laws relating to the further support and encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred, and to the discontinuing the duties payable on the importation of tallow, hog's lard> and grease, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six.

[July iz, 1799.]

Acts 26 Geo. 3. c. 41. and so much of 29 Geo. 3. c. 53. as relates to the fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, continued until December 25, 1800. Act 7 Geo. c. 12, continued until March 25, 1806.

3&S Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. io2  164. [1798.

CAP. CII.

An act to revive and continue, until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, the bounties granted by an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for encouraging the fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe.

[July 1799.]

CAP. CIII.

An act for making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.

[July 12, 1799.]

CAP. CIV.

An act to amend an act, made In the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act to enable his Majesty to grant commissions to a certain number of foreign protestants, who have served abroad as officers or engineers, to act and rank as officers or engineers in America only, under certain restrictions and qualifications.

[July 12, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is judged expedient for the better defence of his Majesty's colonies in America, to augment his Majestfs sixtieth regiment of infantry, now consisting of five battalions of one thousand men each, by the addition of a sixth and seventh battalionsv to consist in like manner of one thousand men each, and to inlist as soldiers, to serve in the said sixth and seventh battalions in America, any of the foreign troops now in his Majesty's pay, or other foreigners who shall voluntarily enter themselves to serve as soldiers therein: and whereas such foreigners cannot be so well disciplined, without the assistance of same officers who are acquainted with their manners and language: and whereas it is expedient, in the presentjuncture of affairs, to facilitate the speedy raising of such sixth and seventh battalions, and to enable a certain number of foreign officers to serve and receive pay as officers in such sixth and seventh battalions: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the His Majesty advice and consent of the lords spiritual nn-d temporal, and corn-may add a mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-sixth and rity of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Ma-talion^to^he je^T' b, s heirs and successors, to augment the said sixtieth regi-60th regi- rnent of infantry, by the addition of a sixth and seventh batta-ment, and lions, to consist of one thousand men each, and to enlist as fol-foreigners diers, to serve in such battalions, any of the foreign troops now therein*n Majesty, s Pay> or other foreigners who shall voluntarily America. enter themselves to serve as soldiers therein in America.

Foreign cffU IE And be it further enacted, That all such foreign officers cers may lerve who shall receive commissions from his Majesty, his heirs and and receive fficcefiors, to be officers of such sixth and seventh battalions, in pay therein. America, (which commissions it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to grant), shall be enabled to serve and receive pay as officers in the said regiment.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 105. 389

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Foreign offi-such foreign officer shall be enabled by this act to serve as an^meric^ officer in any place except America only; but every such foreign on\y, and may officer, when he shall be reduced, shall be capable of receiving receive halfhalf-pay according to the rank in which he shall then serve. PaY-

CAP. CV.

An act to continue and amend so much of an act made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, as permits sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the manufacture i?/* Maidstone geneva.

[July 12, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty,

[

intituled An act to continue 33 Geo. 3. certain duties of excise on foreign spirits imported into this c. 59-kingdom, for a limted time; and also for continuing certain laws of excise therein mentioned; reciting, that certain rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, were, by an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, provided, settled, and established, for the manufacture of spirits called Maidstone Geneva, established at Maidstone in the county of Kent, by George Bishop of that place', and that certain duties were, by the said act, and by another act made in the thirtyfirfi year of the reign of his said Majesty, imposed on the said George Bishop for and in respect of wafl) produced by him from malt or other corn; and that the said George Bishop was lately dead, and sir William Bishop knight, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, were become pofflf'ed of the distilery and premises in which the said George Bishop deceased carried on the mamfacture of such Maidstone geneva at Maidstone aforesaid-, and that the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, tuere defrous to carry on the manufacture of and to make spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, in the said dif tilery and premises at Maidstone aforesaid, under and subject to the like duties, rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, as the said George Bishop deceased carried on the manufacture of and made spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva; and that it was expedient to allow the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, so to carry on such manufacture, and to make such spirits, it ivas enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the survivors and survivor of them, pofliffed of the said difiillery and premises, to carry on the manufacture of and to make spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, in the said difiillery and premises at Maidstone, until and upon the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, under and subject to the like duties as were imposed on the said George Bishop deceased, by the said acts of the twenty-eighth and thirty-first years of the reign of his said Majesty: and whereas by an act passed in the thirty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, the said permission was continued until the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred

>9 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 105. [1798.

and ninety-seven; and by another act passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, the said permission was continued until the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine: and whereas it is expedient to allow the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to continue and to carry on the said manufacture of and to make spirits called Maid done Geneva, in the said dislillery and premises at Maidstone aforesaid, from and after the said fifth day a/* July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for a limited time, under and subject to the duties, rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, herein after ynentioned: m2y it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mold excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and during the every no gal- continuance of this act, there shall continue to be paid by the Ions of watli said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the produced survivors and survivor of them, possessed of the said distillery and from nzlb. of premises at Maidstone aforesaid, for every one hundred and twenty

thp. or corn*J 1 J y

gallons of wash, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, which they or the survivor or survivors of them shall produce from a weight of malt or other corn, including the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds, the sum of one pound seven shillings and three-pence.

II. And be it further enacted, That for everyone hundred and twelve pounds weight of malt or other corn before the same is separated from the bran thereof, so used by the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, or the survivors or survivor of them, there shall be allowed a credit in the books of the proper officer or officers of excise, of not more than eight gallons and one third part of a gallon of spirits at the strength of one in fix under hydrometer proof.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said sir William MefiT. Bishop. Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, or any or either of them,

out an spirits not^or ^end out anyP*r*ts whatsoever of a greater de-

of a Greater Sree strength than that of one in fix under hydrometer proof;

ih-cn^th than and if the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop,

one in fix or any or either of them, shall sell or send out any spirits what-

nndev hydro- soever contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, such oiTpenalty of fpftfts together with the casks and vessels containing the same, forfeiture, and the horses, cattle, carts, and carriages, made use of in the

See. removal thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized

by any officer or officers of excise.

Excess of

IV. And be it further enacted, That if on casting up the

vcnTthe0Ckftck of the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles credit al- Bishop, or the survivors or survivor of them, any officer or officers lowed, to be of excise shall find the quantity of spirits contained in such stock forfeited. to exceed the quantity for which the said fir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, or the survivors or survivor of them is entitled to credit, at the strength of one in fix under

Me IT. Bishop shall continue, to pay for

malt or corn, il. 7s. 3d.

For every 112 lb. of malt or corn, the excise officer shall allow a credit of 8 J- gallons of spirits of one in fix under hydrometer proof.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 10391

hydrometer proof, after deducing and allowing for the quantity of spirits for which permit shall have been granted to the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop) or the survivors or survivor of them, then and in every such case the excess found shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

V. And be it further enacted, That before the said sir William Before using

Bishop) George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, or any or either of them, ^orn for^mak-shall make use of any malt or corn for the purpose of making ing wash, n any wort or wash, the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and hours notice strgles Bishop, or the survivors or survivor of them, shall give he given twelve hours notice in writing to the officer of excise, under

whose survey the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Ar- penalty of gles Bishop, or the survivors or survivor of them, shall then be, of 300l.

the intention of them the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, or the survivors or survivor of them, to use the same, in order that the said officer may attend to weigh such malt or corn; and if the said sir William Bishop, George*

Bishop, and Argles Bishop) or the survivors or survivor of them,

shall neglect to give such notice as aforesaid, the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, or the survivors or survivor of them, shall, for every such neglect, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of en- If the proper abling the proper officer or officers of excise to ascertain the officer find strength of the wash on which such duty as aforesaid shall have dffijllation been charged, the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Ar- v^jecJ for the gles tfifoop) and the survivors and survivor of them, shall provide, purpose, that and from time to time keep, in their distillery house at Maid- 30 gallons of

stone aforesaid, a small Hill, with a worm and tub complete, ofwafll Prduce 3 proper size, to distil at one time thirty gallons of wash; and 2

all'o another small {till, with a worm and worm tub complete, of spir|tgSat a proper size and convenient fort, to diltil the low wines drawn the strength or extracted from such thirty gallons of wash; and which quan- of one in fix

tity of wash such officer or officers is, and are, for the purposes unc*er hydro-

j* i*meter proot

aforesaid, hereby empowered to take and diltil, and also 10 diltil the whole'-the low wines, drawn and extracted therefrom, when and as quantity of often as he or they shall think fit; and if thirty gallons of such walh in the >vafh, so distilled, shall be found to produce low wines which, on distillation, shall be found to produce more than two gallons and shall be 1 P pne eighth of a gallon of spirits at the strength of one in fix un- charged with der hydrometer proof, then the whole quantity of wash at that a duty of time in the possession of them the said sir William Bishop, George, s- Per ?allonf Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the survivors and survivor of forfeit Uffides them, shall be charged by the proper officer or officers of excise 6d, for every with a duty of one shilling per galion, and which shall become galion, payable immediately on such charge being made; and the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the fur-vors and survivor of them, shall also, for every gallon of such quantity of wash* forfeit and lose the sum of sixpence*

392 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 105. [1798.

MefT. Bishop

VII. And be it farther enacted, That it shall not be lawful

on the^rade*or ^aic^ sir William Bishop) George Bishop) a a cl Arghs Bishop, or of distilling any or either of them, during the continuance of this act, to geneva in any carry on the trade of diiVilling geneva in any other place or 0^lerPla^e3 places than those now occupied by them for that purpose at now occupied Maidstone, or therein use any ft ills, bucks, or other utensils, of by them, or "larger dimensions than those now in use in the said manufactory. use any larger

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, vehels. and forfeitures, by this act imposed, shall be sued for, recovered.

Recovery and levied, and mitigated, by such ways, means, or methods, as any application of pne^ penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or* s* mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

Duties to be

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said duties by this under the ma- a(^ iixap0fed shall be under the management of the commission-the commif- ^rs exc^e m England fior the time being.

X. And be it further enacted and declared, That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which, in and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in

iioners of excise.

Powers of 12 Car. c. 24. (not hereby altered) to

extend to this Capite, and by knights service and purveyance^ and for settling a re-adU venue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in

force relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise, upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are provided or established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than and in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are made and provided by this act), shall be practised, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said duties, hereby granted, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claims, matters, and tilings, were particularly repeated and reenacted in this present act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the money arising by the duties by this act imposed, the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster\ and the said monies, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be appropriated and applied to and for the same uses and purposes in the same proportions as the said rates and duties now payable by the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop*, and Argles Bishop, are by the several acts of parliament for granting, imposing, and appropriating the same, directed to he appropriated and applied,

Duties to be paid into the exchequer.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106. 393

XII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall commence Continuance and take effect from and immediately after the fifth day of July,* one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and shall remain and continue in force for the space of five years, to be computed from that day.

CAP. CVI.

An act for the reduction of the militia forces, at the time and in the manner therein limited.; for enabling his Majesty more effectually to increase his regular forces, for the vigorous prosecution of the war; and for amending the laws relating to the militia.

[July 12, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the present situation of publish affairs admits of a considerable diminution of the defensive force exijling in this kingdom; and it may therefore be expedient to discharge or disembody a certain proportion of the militia forces: and whereas it is expedient that the laws relating to the militia should be amended in certain particulars: and whereas it is highly important that the most effectual measures should at the same time be adopted for augmenting his Majestfs regular forces, for the vigorous prosecution of the war against the enemy: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of two several So much of acts, passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present 37 Geo. 3. Majesty, for providing an augmentation to the militia, as fixes 2^as fixes the number of men to be raised in the several counties, ridings, the number of and places, therein mentioned, shal), from and after the passing men to be of this act, be, and the same is hereby repealed. raised, repeal*

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, the number of private men to be raised, and who shall remain liable to serve in manner herein after mentioned as ra}fecj in the militia for the said several counties, ridings, and places, in those places men-several acts mentioned, shall, together with the number of mentioned in rerequired by an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reion th^num of his present Majesty, and with volunteers raised by virtue of ber veqUtreci* an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present by 26 Geo. 3. Majesty, intituled An act for augmenting the militia, be as follows: c. 107. and that is to say, with vohm-

J y teers raised

For the county of Bedford, five hundred and ninety-four: ^."cf^ifto*0*

For the county of Berks, one thousand and fifty-one: be as follows.

For the county of Bucks, one thousand one hundred and twenty-two:

For the county of Cambridge, nine hundred and one:

For the county of Chester, with the city and county of the (pity of Chester, one thousand six hundred and fifty-eight:

394 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106. [1798.

For the county of Cornwall, one thousand two hundred and eleven:

For the county of Cumberland) one thousand one hundred and fifty-two:

For the county of Derby, one thousand seven hundred and hfty-eight:

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city of Exeter.) two thousand eight hundred and thirty-five:

For the county of Dorset, with the town and county of the town of Poole, seven hundred and seventy:

For the county of Durham, nine hundred and twenty-one: For the county of Essex, two thousand three hundred and thirty-one:

For the county of Gloucester, with the city and county of the city of Gloucester, and the city and county of the city of Bristol, two thousand one hundred and seventy-eight:

For the county of Hereford, nine hundred and seventy-?five:

For the county of Hertford, eight hundred and ninety-nine:

For the county of Huntingdon, two hundred and ninety-six:

For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city of Canterbury, two thousand four hundred and twenty-eight:

For the county of Lancaster, four thousand five hundred and seventy-five:

For the county of Leicester, one thousand two hundred and three:

For the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the city of Lincoln, two thousand five hundred and sixty-four:

For the county of Middlesex, exclusive of the tower divisio^ commonly called The Tower Hamlets, Eve thousand six hundred and ninety-six:

For the county of Monmouth, five hundred and twenty-two: For the county of Norfolk, with the city and county of the city of Norwich, two thousand two hundred and sixty-six:

For the county of Northampton, one thousand three hundred and fifty-seven:

For the county of Northumberland, with the town and county of the town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, one thousand two hundred and sixteen:

For the county of Nottingham, with the town and county of the town of Nottingham, one thousand and fifty-six:

For the county of Oxford, one thousand one hundred and thirty:

For the county of Rutland, one hundred and fifty-four:

For the county of Salop, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-six.

For the county of Somerset, two thousand nine hundred and seventeen:

For the county of Southampton, with the town and county of the town of Southampton, one thousand five hundred and ninety-four;

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106. 395

For the county of Stafford, with the city and county of the city of Litchfield, two thousand one hundred and twenty-four:

For the county of Suffolk, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-five:

For the county of Surrey, two thousand five hundred and three:

For the county of Sussex, one thousand five hundred and four:

For the county of Warwick, with the city and county of the city of Coventry, one thousand two hundred and eighty:

For the county of Weshnorland, four hundred and fifty-three:

For the county of Worcester, with the city and county of the city of WorcefteVy one thousand one hundred and fifty-five:

For the county of fVilts, one thousand seven hundred and twenty:

For the West Riding of the county of York, with the city and county of the city of York, four thousand five hundred and fifty-five:

For the North Riding of the said county, one thousand seven hundred and seven:

For the East Riding of the said county, with the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hully one thousand and fifty-six:

For the county of Anglefeay three hundred and sixty-eight;

For the county of Brecon, three hundred and eighty-four:

For the county of Cardigan, four hundred and fifty-six:

For the county of Carmarthen, with the county borough of Carmarthen, seven hundred and sixty:

For the county of Carnarvon, two hundred and thirty-nine:

For the county of Denbigh, six hundred and forty-five:

For the county of Flinty three hundred and seventy-seven:

For the county of Glamorgan, seven hundred and fifty-four:

For the county of Merionethy two hundred and twenty-six:

For the county of Montgomery, five hundred and twenty-one:

For the county of Pembroke, with the town and county of the town of Haverfordwesty three hundred and seventy-seven:

For the county of Radnor, two hundred and sixty-one:

And that the number of men so remaining, shall be liable to The number further reduction, in the proportions, and in the manner, and may beturther at the time herein after limited and appointed. reduced.

III. And be it further enacted, That every commanding Commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, and company of militia raised oncers to and serving for any county, riding, or place, herein-before men- of the dumber tioned, shall, within twenty days from the passing of this act, Gf effective cause returns of the respective numbers of effective private mi- men to be litia men actually serving in the regiment, battalion, or com- made to the panies of militia, under the command of such officer, to be made oV^IieTite^ to the general meeting of lieutenancy of the county, riding, or nancy, that place to which such militia shall belong, in order that a reduc- the excess tion of the same may take place for every county, riding, or reT

place, where the numbers actually serving shall exceed the Por- deficienc*portion hereinbefore specified; and that the number hereby re- supplied*

quired

396 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106. [1798.

The additional men to complete the quota, to be chosen by ballot as directed by a6 Geo. 3. c. 107.

and on notice to appear, and take the following

quired maybe speedily and effectually supplied from and by such counties, ridings, and places, where the number actually serving shall sali ihort of the proportion herein-before specified.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in every case where it shall be requisite to supply by ballot the number of men appointed to serve in the militia of any county, riding, or place, under the provisions of this act, the additional man or number of men required to complete such quota or number cf men, shall be raised, provided, and chosen by ballot in the manner directed by and under the rules and regulations prescribed in the said act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall be chosen by ballot and enrolled in the said militia, after the passing of this act, shall, upon notice in the manner directed by the said act of the twenty-sixth year aforesaid, appear at such meeting as shall be appointed by three or more deputy lieutenants to be holden for that purpose, and there take the following oath 3 (that is to say),

oath. c T //. B. do fi nee rely promise and swear, That I will be faith-

JL ful, and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George 3 and 1 do swear, that I will faithfully serve in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same, during the term of five years, for which I am enrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged.'

Substitutes

VI. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall to take the fob be enrolled as a substitute or volunteer to serve in the said mi-lowing litia, shall, at the time of such inrolment as aforesaid, take the

following oath, (that is to say),

o^th. cT A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faith 

JL ful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and I do swear, that I will faithfully serve in the kingdom of Great Britain for the defence of the same, during the term of five years, or for such further time as the militia shall remain embodied, unless I shall be sooner discharged.*

Directions for raising rr.en to supply deficiencies.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant or de- puty lieutenants, at any general meeting of lieutenancy, and the deputy lieutenants aftting for such county, riding, or place, in their respective sub-divisions, shall, in raising such/ deficiency, take into consideration the number of effective privates aftqally serving for each parish or tything of such county, riding, or place, in the said militia, and shall cause the number of men who shall be at any time hereafter required to supply such deficiency, to be raised and ballotted for out of those parishes, townships, and tythings, that shall not have raised their respective proportions, according to the number of men then serving for the whole of the militia of such county, riding, or place respectively 3 and

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106. 397

shall in like manner cause the number of men necessary for supplying such future vacancies as may arise in such militia, or any part thereof, to be raised, chosen, and ballotted for out of such last mentioned parishes, townships, and tythings, until such time as each pari Hi, township, and tything, shall have raised its due proportion, according to the directions of this act, and shall rails the men required to be raised by this act, by such rules as are prescribed for raising men for such respective regiments, battalions, and companies of militia in the said adir, passed in the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign before mentioned, without regard to the circumstance whether such vacancy arose from among the militia established by the said act of the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, or the said supplementary militia, or among any volunteers raised under the said act of the thirty-fourth year of his Majesty's reign.

VIII. Provided always, That whenever the lifts of two or^anc's more parishes, townships, tythings, or places, shall have been p^ce? whose added together for the choice of any militia man or men in pur-lifts have fuance of the said several acts before-mentioned, or any of them, been added and a vacancy shall arise after the time when the several parishes, t0Sether, have townships, tythings, and places in the county, riding, or place, ^Qeta tcT in which such militia man or men shall have been raised, shall be supplied have completed their just proportions, according to this act, out of such then, and in every such case, a militia man shall be ballotted tohfts as di-supply such vacancy, and so from time to time whenever such^c2 vacancy shall arise, out of the lifts returned for the same pa- Ic>7/ rishes, townships, tythings, and places so added together, in

the same manner as by the said act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty is directed to be done when the same parishes, townships, tythings, and places were added together, in order to raise the militia man who shall have occasioned such vacancy.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the quota or number of^e men required by this act, where the same is now deficient, shall with^riethree be completed within three calendar months after the passing of months after this act; and when and as soon as any such quota or number ofpahing this men shall be completed, the lieutenant, or, in the absence

the lieutenanr, any three deputy lieutenants of such county, secretary at

riding, or place, authorised by his Majesty to act as lieutenant, war, and no-

shall, and he and they is and are hereby required forthwith totice given to

certify the same in writing to the secretary at war, and to givethe c^mand-

notice to the commanding officer of the militia of such county, in&r 0 ceu

riding, or place, of such certificate having been lent as aforesaid: provided always, That the quota of any county, riding, Quota not to

or place, shall not be deemed to be complete until all the

required by such quota shall have joined the regiment, battalion, ^liThe^ueri

or company, or regiments, battalions, or companies of militia, have joined.

of such county, riding, or place.

X. And be it further enacted, That in every county, riding, Where the^or place, in which the full number of private men required as compK- the quota of such county, riding, or place, by this act, shall not vvfthjn ihre'e

he month': alter

596 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. io6. [1798.

quired maybe speedily and effectually supplied from and by such counties, ridings, and places, where the number actually serving shall fall short of the proportion herein-before specified.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in every case where it shall be requisite to supply by ballot the number of men appointed to serve in the militia of any county, riding, or place, under the provisions of this act, the additional man or number of men required to complete such quota or number of men, shall be raised, provided, and chosen by ballot in the manner directed by and under the rules and regulations prescribed in the said act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall tak^the^ol-1 he chosen by ballot and enrolled in the said militia, after the towing passing of this act, shall, upon notice in the manner directed by the said at of the twenty-sixth year aforesaid, appear at such meeting as shall be appointed by three or more deputy lieutenants to be holden for that purpose, and there take the following oath j (that is to say),

The addition al men to complete the quota, to be chosen by ballot avs directed by 26 Geo. 3. c. 107.

and on notice

oath.

I A.B. do ti nee rely promise and swear, That I will be faithful, and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and I do swear, that I will faithfully serve-in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same, during the term of five years, for which I am enrolled, unless i shall be sooner discharged.'

"Substitutes

VI. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall to take the fob be enrolled as a substitute or volunteer to serve in the said mi-lowing fitia, shall 5 at the time of such inrolment as aforesaid, take the

following oath 5 (that is to say),

oath. 4 T A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faith 

A ful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and I do swear, that I will faithfully serve in the kingdom of Great Britain for the defence of the same, during the term of five years, or for such further time as the militia shall remain embodied, unless I shall be sooner discharged.'

Directions for raising men to supply deficiencies.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant or de^ puty lieutenants, at any general meeting of lieutenancy, and the deputy lieutenants acting for such county, riding, or place, in their respective sub-divisions, shall, in raising such, deficiency, take into consideration the number of effective privates actqally serving for each parish or tything of such county, riding, or place, in the said militia, and shall cause the number of men who shall be at any time hereafter required to supply such deficiency, to be raised and ballotted for out of those parishes, townships, and tythings, that shall not have raised their respective proportions, according to the number of men then serving for the whole of the militia of such county, riding, or place respectively 3 and

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106. 397

shall in like manner cause the number of men necessary for supplying such future vacancies as may arise in such militia, or any part thereof, to be raised, chosen, and ballotted for out of such last mentioned parishes, townships, and tythings, until such time as each parish, township, and tything, shall have raised its due proportion, according to the directions of this act, and shall raise the men required to be raised by this act, by such rules as are prescribed for raising men for such respective regiments, battalions, and companies of militia in the said a c1, passed in the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign before mentioned, without regard to the circumstance whether such vacancy arose from among the militia established by the said act of the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, or the said supplementary militia, or among any volunteers raised under the said acte of the thirty-fourth year of his Majesty's reign.

VIII. Provided always, That whenever the lifts of two or Vacancies

more parishes, townships, tythings, or places, shall have been wlfofe

added together for the choice of any militia man or men in pur-lifts have fuance of the said several acts before-mentioned, or any of them, been added and a vacancy shall arise after the time when the several pari files, together, have townships, tythings, and places in the county, riding, or place, qu^ta, to'1* in which such militia man or men shall have been raised, shall be supplied have completed their just proportions, according to this act, out of such then, and in every such case, a militia man shall be ballotted to^fts as di-supply such vacancy, and so from time to time whenever such^ yc2 vacancy shall arise, out of the lifts returned for the same pa- io7/ rishes, townftiips, tythings, and places so added together, in

the same manner as by the said act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty is directed to be done when the same parishes, townships, tythings, and places were added together, in order to raise the militia man who shall have occasioned such vacancy.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the quota or number of be

men required by this act, where the same is now deficient, Hiall with?n three be completed within three calendar months after the passing of months after this act; and when and as soon as any such quota or number of passing this men shall be completed, the lieutenant, or, in the absence ft ifi e o*t the lieutenant, any three deputy lieutenants of such county, secretary a7 riding, or place, authorised by his Majesty to act as lieutenant, war, and no-shall, and he and they is and are hereby required forthwith totice given to certify the same in writing to the secretary at war, and to give^e

notice to the commanding officer of the militia of such county, 111^ 0 cel* riding, or place, of such certificate having been lent as aforesaid: provided always, That the quota of any county, riding, Quota not to or place, shall not be deemed to be complete until all the men beseemed^required by such quota shall have joined the regiment, battalion, ^nThe^nen or company, or regiments, battalions, or companies of militia, have joined, of such county, riding, or place.

X. And be it further enacted, That in every county, riding, Where the or place, in which the full number of private men required as becompv-t-d

[ quota shall not

the quota of such county, riding, or place, by this act, shall not within three

be months alter

for and in lieu of every private to be raised within the same

til re for every man not provided within three months after notice of any deficiency.

398 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106. [1798.

failing this be raised and completed, within three calendar months after the act, rol.^to be passing Of this then and in every such case the sum of ten for each man pounds shall be annually paid, deficient, tobe militia man by this act directed affeiled at the county, riding, or place, who shall not have been raised within rime by this act; and the justices of the peace and

like wife in fit- magistrates of every such county, riding, and place, assembled at the general or quarter sessions of the peace, to be held next after the feast of Saint Michael, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall, upon the receipt of the certificate of the lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, authorised as aforesaid, which certificate he and they is or are hereby required to transmit to the clerk of the peace for such county, riding, or place, to be laid before the said justices and magistrates respectively at such sessions, rate and assess the said sum of ten pounds per man as aforesaid, upon every such county, riding, or place; and in case at any future time the number of men required to be provided for the militia of any county, riding, or place, according to the several provisions of this act, shall not be provided within three calendar months after the lieutenant, or any one of the three deputy lieutenants authorised as aforesaid, shall have had notice from or by the order of the commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or corps of such militia of any such deficiency, then and in every such case the justices and magistrates as aforesaid, assembled at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace holden for the county, riding, or place, after such deficiency shall have been made known to them by the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants aforesaid, shall rate and assess the like sum of ten pounds for every man so deficient as aforesaid, upon every such county, riding, or place.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the justices and magistrates aforesaid, in making any such rate and assessment upon the whole of any county, riding, or place, shall upon a whole apportion the sums so to be assessed as aforesaid, and rate and assess county in the the same upon the several parishes and tythings in such county, fiime prop or- riding, or place, in the same proportions in which the men for the th^men'are0^ are required to be raised by such parishes and tythings

required to be respectively, according to such apportionment as may have been raised by the made thereof in pursuance of this act, or to the last apportion-parishcsj ment that shall have been made of men to be raised by each

parish and tything, by the last general meeting of lieutenancy held before the passing of this act. and when

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when, in

any county> riding, or place, such deficiency of men shall arise ircmi thVde- ^om the default of any particular parish or parishes, tything or fault of any tythings, in such county, riding, or place, in not raising the particular pi- proportion or respective proportions of men required to be raised rish or panfhes by any such parish or tything, or parishes or tythings, that then and m any such cases, the said justices and magistrates, in making such rate and assessment as aforesaid, {half rate and assess all and every such sum and sums of money upon such parish or tything,

The magistrates to apportion such assessments

to assess them accordingly

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106. 399

or parishes or tythings that shall have so made default as aforesaid, in proportion to the number of men by which each of such parishes or tythings shall fall short of the number of men required to be raised therein.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the justices and ma^-Themagif-

gistrates of the several counties, ridings, and places, where anytratestotranf-such rate and assessment shall be made as aforesaid, shall imme- to the

diately after the making of any such rate and aTefiment as afore- treasurer of said, transmit, or cause to be transmitted, the several amounts of the place, who the sums so assessed upon the several parishes and tythings to the^.iaI1 give no-treasurer or treasurers of such county, riding, or place; and fuchfhToverseers treasurer or treasurers shall, as soon as conveniently may be, who shall pay tause notice thereof to be given to the respective overseers of the the money out -poor of the several parishes and tythings upon which any suchf the poor rate or assessment shall have been made as aforesaid; and fuchrates* overseers shall, within fourteen days after such notice as aforesaid of such rate or assessment, pay the amount of the rate or

assessment made upon their respective parishes or tythings out of any money in their or any of their hands of the rates for the relief of the poor; and if they, or any of them, shall not have sufficient of such money for that purpose, then such overseers shall and they are hereby required to make a rate for the relief of the poor sufficient to satisfy such rate and assessment; and it shall be lawful for the said overseers to levy and collect! the same in such manner as rates made for the relief of the poor, or any other rates made for the purposes of this act, may be levied and collected.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the treasurer or trea- Treaf&rers to furers, receiving any such sum or sums of money, shall retain rftain money such sum and sums of money in his hands for three calendar j^n^which^ months after the receipt thereof; and during the said period of period deputy three months it shall be lawful for any deputy lieutenant of the lieutenants subdivision of the said county, riding, or place, within which may agree such parish, township, or place, shall be situate, to raise any volunteer or volunteers for such militia in lieu of such man or men bounty not as shall be so deficient as aforesaid, and to agree with any such exceeding 10L volunteer for a bounty not exceeding the sum of ten pounds and order pay- and the deputy lieutenants, before whom such volunteer shall he^u^.the sworn and enrolled to serve in the militia, shall make an order who shall pay upon such treasurer or treasurers for the payment of such bounty; the same, and and upon the production to such treasurer or treasurers of a cer- at tl\e ex-tificate under the hands of such deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, 0fthreemonth$ any such volunteer having been sworn and enrolled to serve in^ay pay the* the militia, and of such order for the payment of such bounty balance* to the as aforesaid, and of a certificate under the hands of the com-receiver ge-manding officer of any regiment, battalion, or corps of militianeral*

of such county, riding, or place, of such man having joined his regiment, battalion, or corps, such treasurer or treasurers shall, and he and they is and are hereby respectively required to pay, out of such money in his hands as aforesaid, any sum of money not exceeding the said sum of ten pounds for each of such volunteers

400 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106. [1798.

teers as aforesaid; and such treasurer or treasurers shall, at the expiration of three months after the receipt of such money as aforesaid, pay all such Turns of money as may remain in his or their hands, for and on account of any such fines as aforesaid, and that shall not have been paid for and on account of any such volunteer as aforesaid, in manner herein directed, to the receiver general of such county, riding, or place, to be applied and disposed of in like manner as directed by the said act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

XV. And whereas doubts have arisen with respect to the allowances to the families of persons serving in the militia as volunteers under the said atl of the thirty fourth year of the reign of his present Allowance to Majesty, be it therefore enacted, That the like allowances shall voV in teersS ^e ma<^e to^Tamil ies of persons serving in the militia as vo-under ^ GeoJunteers as a^oreTaid, as by several acts passed in the reign of his 3. c. 16. to present Majesty are directed to be made to the families of per-be made as to fons serving as privates in the militia such allowances to be or the families offered, paid, and reimbursed by such persons, and in such man-privates. ner? and to be divided, apportioned, and borne in such and the like manner, in every respect as is directed by two several acts passed in the thirty-third and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his present Majesty, with respect to the allowances made to the families of serjeants, corporals, drummers, and fifers.

Pay of men to XVI, And be it further enacted, That the pay of every per-commence onpon enrolled to serve in the militia of any county, riding, or then joining. pjace^ after passing of this act, shall commence upon the day on which such person shall join the regiment, battalion, or company, to which he shall belong, and not before: provided Persons pre- always. That if such person shall have been prevented joining' vented from such regiment, battalion, or company, by sickness, or such other cause, and shall produce to the commanding officer of have an al- such militia a satisfactory certificate of such sickness, or other lowance of sufficient cause, it shall be lawful for the commanding officer of Pa^son'oln anc's hereby required to diredf an allowance of

ingf a^aallow- Pay to to person so prevented, according to the

ance for time mentioned in such certificate as aforesaid; and such corn-

marching, manding officer may and is hereby required to direct an allow-

ance to be made to every other person who shall join his regiment, battalion, or company aforesaid, so that such allowance shall in no case exceed the pay of so many days as would enable such person to march from the place where he was enrolled, to the regiment, battalion, or company, to which he shall belong, to be calculated at the rate of not leis than ten miles in each-

Substitutes or volunteers not joining, or who desert, may be pu-niffied as deserters, and adjudged to further To-

day, with the usual number of halting days.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person sworn and enrolled in the said militia, either as a substitute or volunteer, (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a militia man), shall not with due diligence join the regiment, battalion, or company of militia of the county, riding, or place, for which he shall be so sworn and enrolled (in case such regiment, battalion, or company shall then be embodied)

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106. 401

according to such order as shall be given him in that respect, by ^ce in the mi-the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, or any of them, or by any ^tularforoes, officer or non-commissioned officer of the said regiment* battalion, or company, or by any other person authorised to give him such order, in pursuance of any law now in force respecting the militia; or if any person serving in any militia as a fubditute or volunteer shall desert or absent himself from his duty, every such militia man shall be liable to be apprehended and pumshed as a deserter, according to the provisions of any act which dial] be then in force for the punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; and shall also be liable to be adjudged to further service in the said militia, or to service in his Majesty's regular fortes, as the court before whom he shall be tried shall think fit to direct; and in case the said Men adjudged court shall adjudge such militia man to service in his Majesty's ^aulT^forces6 regular forces, it shall be lawful, by order under the hand of mly, by order the secretary at war, or hi's deputy, to cause such man, with the of the fecre-consent of the colonel or commanding officer of the militia to tary at war, which such fubditute or volunteer shall belong, to be enteredas a private soldier to serve in such regiment or corps of his Ma- jone] Of mili>- jesty's other forces as shall be directed in such order, and to be tia, be entered forthwith conveyed either to the head quarters of the regiment f to serve, or corps in which he shall be so entered, or to Chatham barracks, as the case may require; and such fubditute or volunteer shall, from the time of his being delivered over to be so conveyed as aforesaid, be subject and liable to all the penalties and punifitments contained in any act then in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, as if he had been enlided in the regiment or corps in which he shall be so ordered to be entered as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be His Majesty, lawful for his Majesty, by his royal proclamation, pardoning, if by proclama-he shall think fit, all or any such militia men as shall have en- lifted into any of the regular forces before the passing of this act, ^n w}10 have to direct that such men so pardoned shall not be liable to be enlided into claimed by or returned to serve in the regiment, battalion, or the regular company of militia from which they shall have deserted; and further, to pardon every- such militia man as shall, before the passing of this act, have deserted from any regiment, battalion, i'erttrs from or company of militia, on condition that such militia man shall the militia voluntarily surrender himself as a deserter on or before the fird w j day of Augty? one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine; or jjft fato the shall, on or before the said first day of August, voluntarily enlist regular into some one of his Majesty's regular regiments, and to direeft forces, by that such militia man so pardoned and enlisting shall nor be liable as do

to be claimed by or returned to serve in the regiment, battalion, surrender* or company aforesaid; and all militia men who shall have de- or enlist, shall ferted at any time before the passing this atft, and who shall not be liable to be have surrendered themselves, or enlified as aforesaid, in confe- t/ieTas de- quence of such proclamation, on or before the first day of An- nghT gujl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be liable to be tried in the same manner, for desertion or absence from.

4 2

Where any place shall

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106. [1798.

their duty, and to be punished and adjudged to service in his Majesty's regular forces, in the same manner as is herein before directed, with respect to militia men deferring or absenting the m-i'elves from their duty, from and after the passing of this act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That where in any regiment, battalion, or company of militia, in which any private tofiUda va"1311 man promoted to the rank of serjeant, corporal, or drum-

mer, in consequence of any vacancy occasioned by the death or discharge of any con-commissioned officer or drummer, the parish or phee for which such private militia man was ballotted shall find and provide another man instead, it shall be lawful to and for any two deputy lieutenants acting for the subdivision wherein such parish or place shall be situate, to certify the same to the justices of the peace assembled at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace, held for the same county, riding, or place*and the said justices shall at such sessions order a sum of money, not exceeding the average price paid for a substitute in such parish or place, or any adjoining parish or place, to be paid out of the county rates, to the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parish or place which shall find and provide another man

to fill a va> cancy occasioned by promotion, or death, or discharge, two deputy lieutenants may certify the same to the sessions, who shall order a sum out of the county rates to the overseers for^pro

man.

No ballot to take place where a private has been promoted in the room of non-commissioned officer or drummer reduced, till

vidinganother as aforesaid, whether such man shall serve personally or by substitute, and to be applied in aid of the poor rates in such parish or place.

XX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any private militia man shall be promoted to the rank of a non-commissioned officer or drummer in any regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, in the room of any such officer or drummer reduced to the ranks, no ballot shall take place in the parish or place for which such private man so promoted was then serving, in consequence of any vacancy occasioned by such promotion, until the non-commissioned officer or drummer so reduced shall the reduced be have obtained his discharge.

discharged.

XXI. in order that at the time of the reduction of the said

militia forces, a proportional augmentation may be made to his Ma-jeJPs regular forees, for the vigorous profecation of the war: be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any order under his royal sign manual, to name and appoint such and so many regiments of his Majesty's regular forces, as his Majesty shall think fit, to receive volunteers under the provisions of this act from the militia, in manner herein after directed; and out of Europe no regiment which shall receive any such volunteers as aforesaid time^to1re^ during the term of five years next ensuing, or during the

ceive volun- continuance of the war, and for six months after the expiration teers from the thereof, be liable to serve out of Europe, or to be sent thereout militia, who under any pretence whatever; and it shall be lawful for any private militia man to enlist into his Majesty's regular forces under this act, in the manner, and subject to the regulations herein after mentioned; and every person who shall be enlisted in his Majesty's regular forces under this act, shall be enlisted to serve for five years, or during the continuance of the present war, and for six months after the expiration thereof, and no longer,

and

His Majesty may appoint regiments of the regular forces (who shall not serve

shall be enlisted on that condition.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106. 403

and shall not be liable to be sent, or to serve out of Europe; and every such person shall, in addition to the usual and accustomed Men so oaths to be taken by every person enlisting as a soldier in his Ma- ing to take the jessy's forces, take the following oath; (that is to say), following

4 T B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faith- oatll

X ful, and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and I do swear, that I will faithfully serve in the regiment of his Majesty's regular forces within any part of Europe, during the term of five years, or for the continuance of the war, and for six months after the expiration thereof, unless I shall be sooner discharged/

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall No person so be enlisted to serve in any regiment, battalion, or corps of his bedraf^dinto Majesty's regular forces appointed to be recruited under this act, any

shall serve in the regiment, battalion, or corps, in which he shall corps, unless have originally enlisted to serve, and in no other regiment, bat- first discharg-talion, or corps whatever; and no person enlisting into any such regiment, battalion, or corps, shall on any account or pretence rjjy etUering. whatsoever be drafted into or serve in any other regiment, battalion, or corps, whether such person shall consent to his being so drafted or not, unless in every such case the person so drafted to serve in any other regiment, battalion, or corps, other than the one for which he shall have so enlisted as aforesaid, shall have been first wholly and absolutely discharged from all service whatever in his Majesty's forces, and shall thereafter have voluntarily entered in such other regiment, battalion, or corps.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every person enlisted Every militia

to serve in his Majesty's regular forces under this act shall be en uhr^In

titled to the sum of ten guineas as a bounty, to be paid in man- forces, to be ner herein after directed; and it shall be lawful for the justice of entitled to the peace or magistrate before whom any such person lo enlisted 10 guineas

as aforesaid shall be attested, to direct any sum, not exceeding ^lTh^ma^one third part of the said bounty of ten guineas, to be paid to disp0fed*of^him forthwith, or to be advanced to such person, or to such of as herein spe-his family, and in such proportions, as he shall request at the cified. time of his being so attested, and also to direct any further sum, not exceeding the sum of one guinea, to be paid thereout to the officer producing such person to be attested, to be laid out in providing immediate necessaries for such person so attested; and the justice of the peace or magistrate directing the payment of any such money, shall grant a certificate thereof to the officer producing such person to be attested as aforesaid, and the remainder of such bounty money shall be paid to such person as soon as he shall arrive at the head quarters of the regiment, battalion, or corps, into which he shall have enlisted as aforesaid, or at Chatham barracks, as the case may be.

XXIVb And be it further enacted, That every commanding Commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, ot corps of militia of any officers of

- ntioned, shall, to cx'

county, riding,

or place, herein-before me D d 2

upon

receiving

plain to the

* men the terms

an intention, the/ may be discharged, and attested for the regiments in which they intend to enlist, &c.

4r>4 Anno xegni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. io6, [1798.

upon which receiving directions from his Majesty for that purpose, explain to lift mtcTthe11* Pr, vate men t^ie regiment, battalion, or corps of militia of regular forces, which he shall for the time being have the command, in such and if any manner and at all such times, within two months from the pa(T-declare such ing Gf this act, as his Majesty shall direct, the terms upon which any private man serving in the militia may enlist into the regular forces under this act, and if upon the terms of such enlisting being explained or made known to them as aforesaid, any such private militia man shall voluntarily declare an intention to be enlisted into his Majesty's regular forces, it shall be lawful for such colonel or commanding officer of militia as aforesaid to discharge such person from the militia5 and every such private militia man, so discharged as aforesaid, shall immediately thereupon belong, as a private man, to the regiment, battalion, or corps, into which he shall declare his intention to enlist, and shall be immediately enlisted and attested for such regiment, battalion, or corps, in due course of law, and shall (as soon as conveniently may be) be transferred to same officer of such regiment, battalion, or corps, or such officer as his Majesty may have appointed to receive men enlisted under this act, and shall have and be entitled to the allowance of the bounty of ten guineas in the manner herein v together with subsistence, pay, and cloathing, to be paid and furnished in like manner in every respect, and subject to and under the like laws, rules, and regulations, as are provided and used for the rest of his Majesty's regular forces, except as such laws, rules, and regulations, are with respect to such men altered by this aeft; any law or statute to the contrary thereof not with-Persons dif- landing.

charged for

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if

the purpose of any person so discharged for the purpose of being enlisted as aforesaid, shall notwithstanding refuse to enlist pursuant to such declaration so made by him as aforesaid, that then and in every such case such person shall continue to belong to the regiment, battalion, or company of militia from which he shall have been so discharged for the purpose of enlisting as aforesaid, notwithstanding any such discharge.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where militia is com- the militia of any county, riding, or place, shall be complete, ac-plete, as re- cording to the number of privates in actual service, as required by this act, the colonel or commanding officer as aforesaid shall not be at liberty to discharge, or cause to be discharged, in pursuance of this act, more in number of such private militia men than one fourth of such quota.

XXVII. Provided also, and it be further enabled, That where and where nott^e militia of any county, riding, or place, shall not be complete fourtVoffihe as aforesaid, the colonel or commanding officer as aforesaid shall number actu- net be at liberty to discharge more than one fourth part of the ally serving, number of men actually serving for such county, riding, or place, at the time of passing this aCi, until other men, according to the directions of this act, shall be raised and enrolled to serve for such county, riding, or place: provided always, That every

being so tn listed, and refuting so to do, to belong to the regiment from which discharged. Where the

quired by this act, no more than a fourth of the quota shall be discharged;

until the fourth of the quota shall have enlisted

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106* 405

such colonel or commanding officer may, from time to time, as into the regu-often as such other men shall be raised and enrolled in the mili- Iar ^orces* tia of such county, riding, or place, towards completing the quota required by this act, discharge, in manner and according to the directions herein-before given, such further number of private men who shall have been actually serving in such militia at the time of passing this act, as shall have desired, or shall from time to time desire, to enlist as aforesaid, so as not to exceed the proportion of one fourth of the men then actually serving in such militia; and every such colonel or commanding officer may continue from time to time to discharge all such men as aforesaid, until the proportion of one fourth of the number of men required as the quota of militia of Rich county, riding, or place, shall have enlisted into his Majesty's regular forces under this act; provided always, That if the number of men required to be en- Tf therequisite lifted as aforesaid cannot be obtained from such of the militia as cannot

shall have been actually serving therein at the time of passing of obtained

this act, it shall be lawful for such colonel or commanding officer, from those from time to time, to discharge in like manner, out of the men serving at that shall have been enrolled therein, after the passing of this act, so many as shall be necessary to complete the proportion before- as ma^'be'ne-mentioned. cessary to

complete the proportion may be discharged out of those enrolled thereafter.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to allow of any militia man or men enlisting or being enlisted under this act, who shall be under the height of five feet four inches, or to allow any militia man or men enlisting or being enlisted under this act, into any regiment, corps, or troop of cavalry of his Majesty's forces, or into his Majesty's marine forces.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, of every county, riding, and place aforesaid, shall, at the expiration of two calendar months after the passing of this act, transmit to his Majesty's privy council an accurate account in writing, of the number of persons that shall have been discharged from the militia of their respective counties, ridings, and places, and enlisted in the regular forces under this act; which accounts shall, in all cases where the same may be necessary, be transmitted by the commanding officers of such militia to such lieutenants or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, for that purpose,

to them by the commanding officers of

No man under a certain h. ight to he enlisted, nor any into the cavalry or marines.

County lieutenants to transmit to the privy council an account of the number discharged, and enlisted in the regular forces; which accounts, where necessary. shall he transmitted

XXX. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Mis Majdiy

ad, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any warrant under his may direct any

sign manual, directed to the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants as numbtr of r r - ., 1 - r J n .., ..men raised

aforesaid, trom time to time, when and as otten as he shall think un(jer

fit, to disembody any number of militia men raised under the said Geo. 3. c. 3.

acts of the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Ma- an.d or

jesty, or raised after the passing of this act; and for that purpose

to au^horhe and direct any colapel or <; oroo\aading officer of any t^c*1T respect

& d 3 rpilitia tive abodes

such as do not, shall re^ main liable to serve in the militia, and shall join when required.

406 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106. [1798.

militia to disembody and dismiss to their respective places of abode, any such number of such supplementary or other militia men aforesaid as his Majesty shall think fit; and every such colonel or commanding officer shall, within fourteen days after the issuing of any warrant as aforesaid, proceed, according to the di-regions of such warrant, to disembody and dismiss such supplementary or other militia men aforesaid to their respective places of abode, in manner and at the times in such warrant mentioned.

Persons so

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all fe^edfo^o Persons disembodied and dismissed as aforesaid, or selected, taken,

be, may enlist or drafted for the purpose of being so disembodied or dismissed as in the regular aforesaid, from any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, in forces, and whatsoever the same may be done, may, during the time of their remaining so disembodied as aforesaid, or at any time after they shall have left any regiment, battalion, or corps, of militia, under any order of the colonel or commanding officer thereof, for the purpose of being so disembodied or dismissed as aforesaid, enlist in his Majesty's regular forces under this act; and that all persons so disembodied and dismissed as aforesaid, who shall not during such time as aforesaid, enlist in any of his Majesty's regular forces, shall remain liable to serve in the same militia, and shall, and they are hereby required to join any regiment, battalion, and corps of militia, serving for the county, riding, or place, from the militia of which they shall have been respectively dismissed, whenever called upon so to do, either for the purpose of supplying the vacancies which may arise in the said militia, or whenever they shall be again embodied under any warrant under his Majesty's sign manual, which warrant as aforesaid his Majesty is hereby empowered to issue whenever he shall think fit, and shall be and remain subject to all such and the like rules and orders, and to all and the like pains and penalties as any other persons enrolled to serve in the militia are subject and liable to by any act or acts now in force, at such times as the said militia shall not be embodied under the said adis, or as such persons are subject and liable to at the time of the embodying of any militia.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every colonel or commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or company of militia shall, within twenty days, or as soon as conveniently may be after the issuing of any warrant under this act for the disembodying and dismissing any militia men belonging to such regiment, tain peiiod, a battalion, or company, transmit, or cause to be transmitted, to the men dft- clerk of the general meeting of lieutenancy of the county, riding, etn o ltd. or p|ace to which such militia shall belong, a list of all such militia men as shall have been disembodied and dismissed in pursuance of any such warrant as aforesaid; and every such lift shall be made In the following form;

Colonel: of militia to transmit to the clerk of the general meeting, within a cer

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106. 407

Dated the day of Form of lift.

Name of the county, &c. Names of the men disembodied and difrniffed. If fubflitues, for whom they serve. Of the parish of In the hundred of

A.B.   P. H.

E. F. c. d. M. N.

And the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants acting for such county, Lieutenant to riding, or place, shall cause the men necessary for supplying any supply vacan-vacancies that may hereafter arise in the militia of such county, riding, or place, to be ballotted for out of the persons returned in personT'any such lift as aforesaid; and so from time to time as occasion ballotted to shall require, so long as any of the persons returned in any such lift serve the recan be found to supply such vacancies as aforesaid; and every rounder of ithe person so ballotted to supply any such vacancy, shall serve in the engaged'be-0 militia of such county, riding, or place, upon the conditions and fore difmif* for the remainder of the time for which such person shall have fion. been engaged to serve in such militia before he was disembodied and difrniffed as aforesaid; and whenever and as soon as all the persons returned in any such list or lists that can be found to supply such vacancies as aforesaid, shall have been ballotted for out of such list or lists as aforesaid, then and in every such case the men necessary for supplying such future vacancies as may arise in such militia shall be raised, chosen, and ballotted for, in manner by this act directed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Any officer

any officer appointed by his Majesty under this act, or any fer- appointed by jeant or other person duly authorised by the commander in chief o^any^ed'on of his Majesty's forces for that purpose, to enlist into any regi- authorised by ment, battalion, or corps of his Majesty's regular forces, any the commilitia man so disembodied under and by virtue of this act, and zander in who is willing to be so enlisted, and shall appear fit for service; enlifi-5 nhlhia and every such officer, serjeant, or other person as aforesaid, en- mendifembo-i lifting such person as aforsaid, and every such person foenlifting to died, and serve in his Majesty's regular forces under this act, shall be freed willing to and discharged from all pains, penalties, or forfeitures whatsoever forces

incurred by reason of such enlisting, entering, or offering to serve

as aforesaid; any statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Act not to

nothing in this act contained shall authorise any officers ap- authorise

pointed by his Majesty to enlist and receive militia men under any

\.J J rc, /T. militia men,

this act, or any commanding officer, or other officer, or unless dif-

non-commissioned officer, of any regiment, battalion, or corps, charged or to

in his Majesty's regular forces, or other person, to enlist, or be disemhodi-

persuade to enlist, or receive any militia man, other than such as

shall have been duly discharged by the colonel or commanding

lieutenant, of any militia man's having voluntarily enlisted into the regular

408 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 106. [1798.

officer of the militia to which the person desirous of enlisting shall belong, in case such man shall be actually serving in the militia, or other than such as shall have left any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia for the purpose of being difcmbodied in manner herein-before mentioned.

On production

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That upon the produc-to the county tlon to t^le lieutenant or three deputy lieutenants of the county, 'riding, or place, from the militia of which any person or persons discharged or disembodied under this act was or were enlisted, of a certificate or certificates, under the hand of any justice or justices of the peace of any county, riding, or place in Great Britain, or of any magistrate of any borough, town, or place therein, forces, he shall of any such private man belonging to the mrlitia having volun-nanle tc^be tan'y enlisted and entered himself as aforesaid, and of alike cer-dftaharged tificate or certificates, under the hands of any officer or officers from the lift appointed by his Majesty to receive such men, or duly authorised of men serving to eniift any man or men into his Majesty's regular forces, of such so^kecoonty, mari or men having entered into his Majesty's regular forces not be obliged (which certificates every such justice or magistrate and officer re-to ballot for specftively is hereby required to give gratis), every such lieutenant another man. or deputy lieutenants is and are hereby required to cause the person named in such certificate to be discharged from the lift of militia men serving for such county, riding, or place, and the certificate of the number of men to be raised for the militia of such county, riding, or place, according to the quota required by this to be amended, by striking out such number ot men as shall be enlisted in his Majesty's regular forces, from the militia of such county, riding, or place, by virtue of this act; and the county, riding, or place, for which any private militia man so enlisted Was raised, shall not be obliged to ballot for any other in the room of the militia man so enlisted, but shall be discharged from raising any men to supply any vacancy occasioned by any enlisting under or in pursuance of this act.

XXXVI.

ditional allowance should be made to the wives and families of serjeants, corporals, and private men in the militia of Great Britain, during the time they should remain in actual fervue in Ireland, over and above such allowances as were payable and paid to such wives and families, by any act or acts new in force: and whereas in pursuance of an order of the lords of of his Majesty's tteafury, the receivers general of the land and affjjcd taxes were dire died, within their respective receiverfaips, to reimburse to the overseers of the poor of every panfo or place where the wives and families of any militia jprjeant, corporal, or private respectively entitled to any such additional a/lctvance should rcfulc, all Jitcb sums of money as such Gvcrfeers of the poor should from time to time advance and pay to such wives and children of militia men, at the rate of eight-pence per week for each person entitled thereto, upon such overseers producing a?id delivering to the collectors of the land tax or assessed taxes within such parish or place, an account in vjriting of all such sums of money Jo advanced and paid by such overseers, for and in respect of any such additional extra, allowances 5 and cilfo a true copy of the order or orders which such

And whereas it has been thought expedient that an act-

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. io6. 409

wives or families might have obtained from any magistrate, in pursuance of any all or acts of parliament for providing for the families of militia men, such account having been first verified upon the oaths of such overfiers before a justice of the peace of such county, and such overseers giving at the same time a receipt for the money mentioned in such accounts respectively: and whereas doubts have been entertained respebiing the validity of the said orders, and it is expedient that such doubts should be removed: be it therefore declared and enacted,

That all justices of the peace, and all overseers, officers, and paying an other perform, who shall have made any such order, or shall have additional paid any sum or sums of money, or done any act, matter, or allowance to thing, for or in respect of any such extra allowance, shall, from and after the passing of this act, be, and are hereby respectively of

indemnified for and on account of every such payment, and for Great Britain or on account of any such act, matter, or thing, done in pur- on service in fuance of and in conformity with such order as aforesaid, as fully ^ed0and^ll and effectually, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if such persons acting payments had been made, and acts, matters, and things done, in under it pursuance of any act of parliament. indemnified.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the wife or family While militia of any serjeant, corporal, or private man, belonging to the militia of England^ of England, who shall be actually serving in Ireland, and whose wife or family shall be entitled under any order of a justice of the their wives peace to any allowance under any act or acts of parliament now and families to in force, shall, during all the time that such militia serjeant, cor- be entitled to poral, or private man, shall continue in actual service in the said ^nowanceout militia in Ireland, over and above the weekly allowance that shall of the poor be payable to such wife or family, by virtue of such order as rates, aforesaid, under such act or acts of parliament as aforesaid, by the like order of some such justice of the peace as aforesaid, out of the rates made for the relief of the poor, to be entitled unto, and the overseer or overseers of the parish or place where such wife or family shall dwell shall pay to such wde or family the following additional allowance; that is to say, The sum of eight-pence for each and every child born in wedlock, and under the age of ten years; and the sum of eight-pence for the wife of any such militia serjeant, corporal, or private man as aforesaid, whether he shall or shall not have any child or children; and such additional allowance shall be payable and paid out of the rates for the relief of the poor of such parish, tything, or place, and shall be reimbursed to such overseer or overseers in manner herein-a/ter mentioned.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any overseer JustiVs to ex*, or overseers of the poor of any parish, tything, or place, shall, before am'ne ac" the passing of this act, have advanced any ium or lums of money under such order of the lords of of hU Majesty's overseers for treasury as aforesaid, and such sum or sums of money shall not such addition-have been reimbursed to such overseer or overseers m manner in allowances, the said order directed; or when any overseer or overseers of the so* re-" poor of any parish, tything, or place shall, after the passing ofceiver general this act^ pay any sum or (urns of money under and by virtue of to repay rt,

410 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 107. [1798.

this adV, for or towards any such additional allowance as aforesaid, that then and ip all such cases it shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace of the county, riding, or place, where such payment shall have been made, and they are hereby required, within fourteen days after the passing of this act, as to all such payments as shall have been made before the passing thereof, and, once in every quarter of a year, as to all such payments as shall be made after the passing of this act, to enquire into and examine the account of monies so paid as aforesaid, at the request and on the oath or solemn affirmation of such overseer or overseers, and thereupon shall allow all such payments as shall appear to such justice to have actually been made for and on account of such additional extra allowances, and shall thereupon forthwith make an order for the receiver general of the county, riding, or place, in which the family, to which such additional allowance shall have been paid, shall reside, to pay the sum allowed by them in such account out of any monies in the hands of such receiver general arising from any duties receivable by him as such receiver general; and such receiver general, or his deputy, shall, and they are hereby respectively required to pay the sum so allowed in such account as aforesaid, or to remit the same within fourteen days after the receipt of such order to the overseers of the poor of the parish, tything, or place, from which such order shall have been transmitted to him; and such order, certifying the amount allowed in such account, shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver general for payment of such sum of money; and all such sums of money so paid by such receiver general as aforesaid shall be reimbursed to such receiver general out of the sums voted for the extraordinaries of the army*

---

[Continuance of act.]

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That so much of this act as relates to the number of men to serve in the militia for that part of Great Britain called England, shall remain and be in force during the continuance of the war, and for six months after the conclusion of a general peace, and no longer.

CAP. CVII.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on bills of exchange and promissory notes for small sums of money.

[July 12, 1799.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

---

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned; and dp most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 107. 411

in this present parliament assembled, and by the au- From Dec. 1.

thority of the same, Thar, from and after the first day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, there shall Jo bfpaid'on

be charged, assessed, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and bills of ex-

successors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, the several change and

duties herein after mentioned; (that is to say), promissory

v J 77 notes for

For and upon every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, sums# sheet or piece of paper, upon which any bill of exchange, pro- ies# rniflory note, or other note, draft, or order, whether payable on demand or otherwise, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, whejre the sum expressed therein or made payable thereby shall be for one pound, and one pound and one shilling each, there shall be charged a (lamp duty of two-pence; and where the sum expressed therein or made payable thereby shall be five shillings, as herein after mentioned, there shall be charged a stamp duty of one halfpenny.

For and upon every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any promissory note or other note for the payment of money to the bearer on demand, which by the tenor thereof is payable only at the place where the same was first: issued, and which may be re-issuable from time to time after payment at that place shall be engrossed, written, or printed, where the sum expressed therein or made payable thereby shall be for one pound, or one pound and one shilling, there shall be charged a stamp duty of two-pence; and where the sum expressed therein or made payable thereby shall be five shillings, as herein after mentioned, there shall be charged a stamp duty of one half-penny.

For and upon every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any promissory note or other note for the payment of money to the bearer on demand, which by the tenor thereof, or by any direction or appointment thereunto subjoined or annexed, shall be payable at two or more different places, or at any place different from that where it shall have been originally issued, and which may be re-issued from time to time after any payment at the same place, or any Other place than where the same was first issued, shall be en-jgrofled, written, or printed, where the sum expressed therein or made payable thereby, shall be for one pound or one pound and one ftiilling, there shall be charged a stamp duty of four-pence; and where the sum expressed therein or made payable thereby shall be five shillings, as herein after mentioned, there shall be c harged a stamp duty of one penny.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to charge any draft mami Upon a or order for the payment of money on demand upon any banker refuU b^nker, or person or persons acting as a banker, and residing or ing within tr anfacting the business of a banker within ten miles of the place of abode of the person or persons drawing such draft or order, not liable to

412 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 107. [1798.

31 Geo. 3. c. 25, recited.

III. And whereas, by an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, the governor and company of the bank of England were empowered to compound for all the stamp duties by the said act imposed for all notes and bills issued by themy on payment of a certain sum of twelve thousand pounds in the said act mentioned: and whereas the said duties have been greatly increased since the making the said act for which no further composition has been made: and whereas it may be proper to exempt all promissory and other notes and bills issued by the governor and company of the bank of England from the payment of the samp duties imposed by this act, or any act passed ftnce the said act of the thirty -first year before mentioned, upon promissory and other notes or bills, in confederation and upon payment of a certain sum of money in lieu thereof: be it therefore enacted. Bank of Eng- That all promissory and other notes and bills issued by the said kind notes governor and company of the bank of England shall be exempted from the du- ^rom the said stamp duties charged by this act upon notes for sums ties charged of one pound, and one pound and one shilling each, upon payment by by this act on the said governor and company of the sum of four thousand pounds, otCocol^ antT t^e composition hereby agreed to be paid by the said governor fiorcwdl'aci- and company so long as such notes shall be issued by them; and also from all and every the additional stamp duties imposed by any act or acts passed after the said act of the thirty-first: year aforesaid, and now in force, upon promissory and other notes or bills, upon payment of the further annual sum of eight thousand pounds by the said governor and company, such payments to be made into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by half-yearly payments, on or before the first: day of June and the first: day of December in every year, the first: payment thereof to be made on or before the first: day of June one thousand eight hundred; any thing herein-before or in any former act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And for ojceriaining by whom the said stamp dirties herein-Duty payable before granted shall be payable, be it further enacted, That the duties hereby granted on any bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, filial 1 be paid by the person or person giving the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That no bill of exchange required to be fiamped by this act shall be re issued under any pretence whatever; and that in all cases where any promissory note or other note, for the payment of money to the bearer on der mand, which filial contain any sum of one pound and one shilling, or of one pound respectively, and shall be marked with a mark or (lamp to denote the rate or duty of -two pence hereby is hereby re- imposed, or where any such promissory note or other note which posed, Vp^dim contain the sum of five shillings, and shall be marked with

by persons a mark or (lamp of one halfpenny hereby imposed, shall, at any giving them time after the said first: day of December one thousand seven hun-^red anc* ninety-nine> be paid by the person or persons by whom sued, may be l^e ^ame have been made or signed, and first iffqed or ne-re-issued; but gociated, and at the place where the same was first' issued or ne-if paid by any gociated, it shall and may be foyftul for the person or persons so

ditional duties imposed ftnce recited act on a com po fit ion of 8ooooi. payable half yearly.

ny the giver of the note*

No bill of exchange to be re-issued.

Notes payable on demand, on which a duty of ad. or a q.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 107. 413

paying the same, notwithstanding such payment thereof at any other per. time afterwards, and so from rime to time so often as there shall an^oftLr* be occasion after every such payment thereof, but not otherwise* i^pur-again to issue, utter, or negociate such promissory notes or other fuance or ap-notes so respectively damped as aforesaid, in such and the like pointment manner as the same were first issued or negociated; and all such ^Pre.ffecl.notes so respectively damped as aforesaid shall be and are hereby be^cancelled, declared to be after any such payment thereof, but not other- and if re -wife, to be again issuable and negociable from time to time as issued, or if aforesaid, in such and the like manner, and to such and the like ^he^art uses, intents, and purposes as and for whiyh the same were first issued or negociated, any law or statute, or any usage or custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all such notes so respectively damped as last aforesaid, which, at any time or times from and after the said fird day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be paid by any person or persons other than the person or persons making or signing the same, or at any place other than the place of issuing the same, in pursuance of any direction, nomination, or appointment for the payment thereof, contained or expressed in or upon such notes respectively shall be taken and construed to be thereupon wholly discharged, vacated, and satisfied, and shall be no longer negociable or transferable to any intent or purpose whatever, but shall be forthwith cancelled; and if any person or persons shall again issue, utter, or negociate, or cause to be again issued, uttered, or negociated, any such promissory or other note after any payment thereof, by any person or persons, other than the person or persons making or signing the same, or at any place other than the place of issuing the same in manner laid mentioned, or if any person or persons named or described in any such note for the payment thereof shall, after such payment thereof in manner last mentioned, negietd or refuse to cancel the same, or cause the same to be cancelled, every such person or persons so offending diall for every such offence forfeit the such of twenty pounds; and if any such note so damped as last afore- Such notes, said shall not be cancelled as is herein-before directed, but shall not cancelled,

be again issued, uttered, or negociated contrary to this act, then,

9 J r f X issued, shall and m every such case, and from time to time as often as such the lame

note shall be again issued, uttered, or negociated, there fha 11 be duty as when

due, answered, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, first issued.

the like rate or duty which shall appear to have been charged thereon before the first issuing the same, or which U by this act

chargeable thereon as aforesaid, and which rate or duty shall be

payable by and charged on all and every person or persons severally and respectively who shall again issue, utter, or negociate any such note or notes, or shall cause or procure any such note or notes to be again issued, uttered, or negociated contrary to this act, his, her, and their respective executors, administrators, and assigns.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all pro- Notes, stamp-miffory notes or other notes for the payment of money to the^with the

bearer dutyf*d-

Luartr and id. re-

by whom and at other places than were first issued.

Notes so re-issuable shall be the property of the

414 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 107. [1798.

spectively, bearer on demand respectively, for the sums of one pound and may be re- one shilling, or of one pound each, which shall be damped with illaed, though the duty Gf four pence hereby imposed, and all such notes for the persons than"Ljm &ve shillings each, which shall be damped with the duty of one penny hereby impoied in the manner before directed, shall be, and are hereby declared to be re-issuable, and may be again issued and negociated by virtue of this act by the person or persons making or signing the same, to such and the like ufesr intents, and purposes as and for which the same were first issued or negociated, notwithstanding such notes shall have been presented to and paid by the person or persons making or signing the same, or shall have been presented to or paid by any other person or persons, or at any other place than where the same was first issued, in pursuance of any such direction, nomination, or appointment as aforesaid, for the payment thereof or otherwise howsoever, and so from time to time as often as occasion shall require, notwithstanding any payment or payments thereof;, any law, statute, usage, or custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such promissory note or other note for the payment of money, to the bearer on demand, which shall be iflfuable or issued after such payment or

persons Vold- payments as aforesaid in pursuance of this act, shall be taken and ing the m. construed to be, by virtue thereof, due and payable to and the property of the person or persons holding the same notwithstanding such payment or payments as aforesaid, and such person or ersons shall be possessed thereof in such manner as he, she, or they would or might be possessed thereof or entitled thereunto upon or before the first issuing the same, and shall and may maintain an action thereupon in such manner as he, she, or they might do, and have all the like remedies in law as he, she, or they might have had upon or before the first issuing the same; any law or statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas two asti passed in the fifteenth and /even-teenth years of the reign of his present Majesty to refrain the negotiation of promissory notes under five pounds, made and negociated in England, have been by several subsequent acts of the thirty-seventhy thirty-eighth, and thirty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty suspended until and upon the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, so far as the same relates to any notes, drafts, or undertakings made payable on demand to the bearer thereof: and whereas it is expedient further to suspend the said atis of the fifteenth and seventeenth years aforesaid so far as the same relate to

until and up- fuc^ notes which foatt be ? made for sums of one pound and one on Nov. 30, /killing) and of one pound each: be it further enacted, That the jSfoa. said recited acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth years aforesaid,

so far as the same relate to the making void of promissory notes or other notes made payable on demand to the bearer thereof for sums of one pound and one shilling and of one pound each, and also so far as the same restrain the publishing or utter-

15 Geo. 3. c. 51. and

17 Geo. 3. c. 30, recited, and so far as they relate to notes payable on demand for one guinea

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 107. 415

ing and negociating of any such promissory notes or other notes as last aforesaid, shall from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be and the same are hereby declared to be further suspended until and upon the thirtieth day of November one thousand eight hundred and two,

IX. And whereas, by an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the 39 Geo. 3. c> reign of his present Majesty, certain banks and banking companies in recited. Scotland therein* mentioned are authorised, until and upon the fifth

day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to issue notes, billsY or tickets in t he nature of bank notes, payable to the bearer on demand, for any sum whatever under the sum of twenty-/hillings Jler- ling, in the same way that the said banks and banking companies had heretofore been used to issue notes for twenty shillings and upwards since the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, any thing in an act passed in the fifth year of his Majesty's reign to the contrary notwithstanding: and whereas it is expedient that the said act should be further continued and amended in certain particulars herein after mentioned: be it therefore enacted, That, from and From July 5, after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and 1799>the ninety-nine, it shall be lawful to and for the bank of Scotland and the royal bank of Scotland, the British linen company, the &c# may issue Carron company, and all other banks and banking companies notes pay-in Scotland, who, on or before the first day of January one thou- at)le to bearer land seven hundred and ninety-seven, have exercised the bufi-finess of banking or keeping any bank for receipt of money, and ling^as they have issued notes under the firm of such bank in the nature of have hereto-bank notes, but to and for no other person or persons, company fore hshed or companies whatsoever, to issue, re-issue, and negociate notes, an^u^vva^ds bills, or tickets in the nature of bank notes, payable to the bearer*on demand, for the sum of five shillings sterling each, in the same way that the said banks and banking companies have heretofore been used to issue notes for twenty-shillings and upwards since the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; any thing in the said aci of the fifth year of his Majesty's reign to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, That the authority to issue, re-issue, or Such issue to

negociate such notes, bills, and tickets as aforesaid, shall have continue till continuance until and upon the first day of December one thou- to the* sand eight hundred, and from thence until the end of the next end Of^session of parliament, and no longer. next session*

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no From Dec.

bill of exchange, promissory note, bill, ticker, or other note in799* no bill the nature of bank notes, shall from and after the said first day ofot exchange December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, be if-note shall be sued or negociated in that part of Great Britain called Scotland issued in Scot-for any sums under five pounds fierling each, other than the said land under 5L sum of five shillings, or the sums of one pound and one pound, ex*\r

and one shilling fierling each, under pain that every person of- onVguiru^ fending herein shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the on penalty of sum of ten pounds, ol.

XII. Ike-

Banks or companies in Scotland may, on licence, iffne cr re-iffne notes for 5s. sterling un-

416 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 107. [1798.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the said bank, of Scotland or royal bank of Scotland, or the Paid British linen company, the Carr on company, or any other bank or banking company in Scotland herein-before mentioned or described, shall be desirous of issuing or re-issuing such notes for sums of five shillings sterling each without the same being stamped as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for them respectively, on their obtain-givifflekirity inS a licence for that purpose, and giving security for the due for payment payment of the duties in manner herein mentioned, to issue and of the duties, re-issue such notes in like manner as such notes may by this act be issued or re-issued when duly stamped as by this act is required.

Notes for 5s.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all such notes, bills, bankln^ an^ anc* ^c^ets for of ^ve shillings sterling each, which

company, or shall be issued, re-issued, or negociated under the authority of for il. or one this act, by or on account of any bank or banking company be-guinea, by fore described and duly licensed as aforesaid, and all such notes, bills, and tickets for sums of one pound, or of one pound and one shilling sterling each, which shall be issued, rerissued, or negociated under the authority of this act, by or on account of the bank of Scotland or royal bank of Scotland, duly authorised as aforesaid, shall, during the term of such licence or authority to be granted as aforesaid, be freed and exempted from the stamp duties granted by this act, upon the terms and conditions that the bank or banking company by or on whose account such notes, bills, or tickets shall be issued, re-issued, or negociated as aforesaid, shall pay the full amount of the duties that would be payable on all such notes, bills, and tickets, which shall be if-iued, re-issued, or negociated by them respectively as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no be made a undamped note, bill, or ticket, issued in Scotland by any

ablest any^" bank or banking company under the authority of this aeft as aforesaid, shall be made payable at any other place than the place where the same was first issued; and every such note, bill, or ticket, which by the tenor thereof shall not be payable at any other place than the place where the same w as first issued, shall and may be re-issued from time to time during the period in this aeft allowed by the same bank or banking company who first issued the same, without any (lamp or mark affixed thereon, in like manner in every respect, and according to the rules and regulations by which notes of any other persons made payable in like manner may be re-issued when duly stamped as by this act is directed.

Commission-

XV. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners for duties^mayP managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, grant licences or any two or more of them for the time being, or some person to banks to authorised by them, or any three or more of them, shall in the issue unstampt manner herein directed, on application for the same, and on pay-notes or 5s. meilt Of the sum Of ve {billings, grant licences under their or his hands and seals respectively to any bank or banking company

the bank or royal bank of Scotland, during the term of the licence, shall be exempt from (lamp duty, upon condition that the amount shall be paid.

Unstampt notes not to

any other than the place where first issued.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 107. 417

herein-before mentioned or described, to issue, re-iffde* and negociate all such notes, bills, and tickets as aforesaid, for the sum of five shillings each, on unstamped paper, under the authority of this act: and during the continuance of the same; and every such bank and banking company before mentioned shall be entitled to receive such licence on performance of the previous conditions herein required at some office, to be appointed by thd said of, in Edinburgh.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Banksdefiroua

bank and banking company desirous of obtaining such licence as obtaining

aforesaid shall cause to be regidered with the said of

of stamp duties at their said office, to be appointed as aforesaid, regjprereci

at the time of applying for such licence as aforesaid, the name with the

and names by which such bank or banking company may law- commis-

fully sue and be sued, or the firm and description of such bank

or banking company; and shall also certify or cause to be cer- n.arnes by

tified to the of of stamp duties, or their officer ap- which they

pointed by them at their said office, at the time of applying for may^be sued,

such licence^ the name and names, and place or places of abode an(* the,

/.n rt names anci

of the partner or partners, agent or agents, calmer or cashiers abode of the

appointed or employed by such bank or banking company to persons em*

keep the book or books of account of the notes, bills, and tickets ployed to

so to be issued and re-issued as aforesaid, and the name or names ^count of the

of the place or places where such books of account as aforesaid notes issued,

are or shall be kept; and that whenever any other person or per- &c.

Tons shall be appointed to succeed any such partner or partners,

agent or agents, cashier or cashiers as aforesaid, whose name

shall have been or ought to have been certified to the said of of stamp duties, or their said officer, according to the

directions herein-before given, then and in every such case the

like certificate shall be made of the name or names, and place or places of abode, of all and every such successors and successor

as aforesaid to the said of of stamp duties, or their said officer, within twenty-one days after such person or persons shall be appointed to succeed as aforesaid; and in case of refusal

or wilful neglect in making and delivering any such register or

certificate as aforesaid, the said of and their officers

are hereby respectively authorised to refuse such licence.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person, whose Penalty of duty it shall be to keep such book or books of account as afore- on the said shall knowingly omit to make a proper entry in the book or ing such books kept for that purpose of any undamped note, bill, or accounts for ticket aforesaid, issued, re-issued, or negociated by the hank or omitting to banking company licensed to issue the said undamped notes, ^tar^ed bills, or tickets, or shall knowingly make any false entry in any note> or such book or books, or shall be guilty of any fraud or gross neg- making any left in his duty, every such person shall, so offending, for every folk entry, such offence forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every bank and Bankslicensed banking company, so to be licensed as aforesaid to issue notes, to ^ue bills, and tickets upon unstamped paper, shall cause the words noteas^have

certain words

on their houses, or in their offices, on penalty of 10l. and forfeiture of licence.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 107. [1798.

"Licensed to issue Notes, Bills, and Tickets of Five Shillings each without Stamp" to be painted or written in large and legible characters either over the door or in some visible place either on the front of every house or in some conspicuous place within the same, where the business of such bank or banking company shall be transacted, or such notes, bills, and tickets aforesaid shall be issued, re-issued, or' paid, and which place shall have been approved of by the said of, or their officer appointed by them for that purpose; and if any bank or banking company shall issue any such unstamped notes, bills, or tickets as aforesaid, without having so painted or written and put up such words in manner herein-before directed, every such bank and banking company so offending shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, and the licence so granted to such bank or banking company shall be void to all intents and purpose s.

The bank or

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the royal the said bank of Scotland or royal bank of Scotland shall be de-Undhna ^ITue ^irous ^uing an<^ re-issuing notes in the nature of bank notes, unstamped Ue payable to the bearer on demand, for sums of one pound or one notes for pound and one shilling sterling each or either of them, without

il. or one the same being stamped as by this act is directed, it shall be

ivin^bond for theni to do, on giving security by bond to his Ma-

withCertain jesty> heirs and successors, in which bond two of the direc-conditions. tors of each of the said banks shall be the obligors, together with such caflaier or cashiers, or accountant or accountants employed by such banks as the said of of stamp duties shall require, and such bonds shall be taken in such reasonable, sums as the duties may amount unto during the period of one year, in manner before directed, with condition to enter or cause to be entered in books to be prepared for that purpose, an account of all unstamped notes, bills, and tickets for sums of one pound or one pound and one shilling respectively, which shall be, at any time or times after the said first day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, issued by the said banks reflectively, and from time to time and once at lead in every (ix months, and at all such other times as the same shall be required by the of of stamp duties, shall exhibit to the barons of the exchequer in Scotland an account of the sums payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon such notes so issued by them as aforesaid, and verify the same account before the said barons, upon the oaths of two directors of such banks respectively, and of the said cashier or cashiers, accountant or accountants, or such of them as the said of of stamp duties shall require; and shall also cause payment to be made to such person or persons as the said of shall have authorised to receive the same, of all such sums of money as aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and on due performance thereof such last mentioned bond shall be void; and it shall be lawful for the said of to fix the times and places of making such payment, and to specify the

4*9.'

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. 0*107.

same in the condition to every such bond, and to renew the same from time to to time in the manner herein-before directed as to other bonds herein-before mentioned.

XX. Provided always* and be it enacted, That it shall be The bank lawful to and for the said bank of Scotland and royal bank of Scot- ^ank of Scot^ Idnd respectively, at their principal offices in Edinburgh or at any jand may

of their branches now established or which hereafter may be issue their established, to re-issue such notes of one pound or of one pound notes of one and one shilling as were in circulation previous to the said first day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, p^or to upon keeping an account at Edinburgh of all such notes so re- lf 1799, upon issued, and accounting for and paying the duty thereon, in the keeping an same way and manner in all respects as if such notes so re- ^count^and issued had not formerly been in circulation 5 and that for duly uty"Sfore accounting for and paying such duties a stipulation shall be in which a ferted in the condition of the bond to be given by such banks stipulation respectively, and that all notes of five shillings, of one pound, or of one pound and one shilling, may be re-issued from time to ^ond^.^time, provided they have been once subjeffied to and paid or accounted for the duty hereby imposed.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the At the time partner or partners, or agent or agents aforesaid, or cashier or of applying cashiers, or one of them, with two sufficient sureties to be ap-

proved by the said of or their officer to be appointed g; ven itl as aforesaid, shall at the time of applying for such licence give sum as the or cause to be given bond to his Majesty, his heirs and succes- of fors, in such sum as the said of of stamp duties or their officers as aforesaid may think fit and reasonable, so as the fi^forful-fame do not exceed the probable amount of the duties hereby filling certain granted that will be payable from such bank or banking com- conditions, pany licensed under this act, within the period of one year from the date of such bond and during the continuance of such licence, with a condition that if such bank or banking company so to be licensed as aforesaid shall from time to time cause to be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose an account of all undamped notes, bills, and tickets aforesaid that shall be issued, re issued, or negociated by such bank or banking company, and shall, from time to time and once at lead in every six months, and at all such other times as the same shall be required by the said of of stamp duties or their officer to be apsspointed as aforesaid, cause to be transmitted to such of, or deliver to such person as shall be authorised by them as aforesaid, a full and accurate account of all the undamped notes, bills, and tickets aforesaid that shall have been issued, re-issued, or negociated since the date of such bond, or since the lad account that shall have been transmitted to such of, or delivered to such person authorised by them as aforesaid, or within such period of time as shall be mentioned by such corn-mi flioners or person authorised by them as aforesaid, and shall also well and truly cause payment to be made to such person or persons as the said of shall have authorised to receive

420

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 107. [1798.

the same, of all such sum and sums which shall from time to time grow due to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, such bond shall be void, but otherwise to be and remain in full force; and it shall be lawful for such of to fix the times and

After Dec. i, 1799, no persons, excepting the directors of the bank or the royal bank of Scotland, or persons acting under them, or licensed to sign or issue any undamped note.

Duties to be uiYder the management of the commissioners of stamp duties.

Acts respecting stamp duties, not hereby altered, to extend to this act.

places of malting such payments, and to specify the same in the condition to every such bond, and which shall be by two payments in the year at equal intervals, as nearly as may be; and every such bond may be required to be renewed from time to time at the discretion of the said of or the major part of them, and as often as the same shall be forfeited, or the party or parties to the same or any of them shall die, become bankrupt or insolvent, or reside in parts beyond the seas.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person or persons, except the directors of the bank of Scotland and royal bank of Scotland^ and persons acting under them respectively in their banking business, according to the provisions of this act, who, from and after the first day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall write or sign, or cause to be written or signed, or shall first issue or re-issue any bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, bill, or ticket required to be stamped by this act, without the same being first duly marked or stamped with a proper mark or stamp, in the manner herein prescribed, or upon which there shall not be some mark or stamp resembling the same, or without such person or persons shall act therein by virtue of a licence granted for that purpose under the authority of this act, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That for the better and more effectually levying and collecting the said duties hereinbefore granted, the same shall be under the care and management of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; for which purpose they or the major part of them are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary officers under them, and to use and provide such stamps for the said several duties as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act into execution with relation to the said duties, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they or the major part of them are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, penalties, and forfeitures, methods of recovering and distributions of penalties and forfeitures, and allowances for present payments, and all other matters and things which, in and by any act or acts of parliament relating to the duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, provided and established for raising, levying, recovering, collecting, and securing the duties thereby granted or referred to, or any of them, and not hereby altered, shall be of full force and effect with relation to

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 108. 42*

the duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, recovering, collecting, and fe* curing the said duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted with relation to the said duties hereby imposed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall Persons coirn- counterfeit or forge any {lamp or mark directed or allowed to be used by this act, for the purpose of denoting the duties by this totoiler death,

+act granted, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties, or shall fraudulently use any stamp or mark directed or allowed to be used by this act with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties, or shall utter, vend, sell, or expose to sale any vellum, parchment, or paper liable to the said duties with any counterfeit stamp or mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, then every such person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the duties herein-Duties to be before granted shall be paid from time to time into the hands of paid to the the receiver general for the time being of the duties on {lamped J^of^anT16* vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall pay the same (the ne- duties, and by cessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same him into the being deduced) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time exchequer, and in such manner as the duties charged on ilamped vellum, parchment, and paper are directed to be paid, and the said

money so paid into the said receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Appropriation monies arising or to arise of the duty hereby granted, or of so of duties, much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition

made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan made by virtue of any act or acts passed in this session of parliament; and that the said monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arising from the said duties and paid into the said receipt shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this session of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from 3II other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatever.

CAP. CVIII.

An act to amend and render more effectual several acts for the redemption and purchase of the land tax.

[July 12, 1799.]

Corporations may sell the the fee Ample of estates to redeem the land tax notwithstanding its having been redeemed by lessees, &c.

422 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 108. [1798.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further provision for facilitating the redemption of the land tax by archbifloops, hi-floopS) and other ecclesiastical persons, and by all corporations, and to remove doubts which have arfen respecting certain of the provisions of the several acts passed for the redemption of the land tax: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for all bodies politick or corporate, and companies, who, by the several acts passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty and in the present session of parliament for the redemption and purchase of land tax, are enabled to sell any of their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, for the purpose of raising money for the redemption or purchase of land tax, to sell and dispose of the fee simple and inheritance of any of their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or of any part or parts thereof, for the purpose of raising money for the redemption or purchase of land tax charged on any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments of such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or on any part or parts thereof, notwithstanding the land tax charged on the manors or other hereditaments so proposed to be sold shall have be: n redeemed by the respective lelTees pr copyholders or customary tenants thereof, or other persons having interests therein, so as such sale or sales respectively be made by such direction and authority as is required by an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual two acts, passed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign and the present session of parliament, for the redemption and purchase of the land tax.

II. And be it enacted, That when any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or other hereditaments of or belonging to any bodies politick or corporate, or companies, which shall be sold for the purposes of this act or of the other acts before mentioned, shall be either exclusively or in common with other manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments subject to or charged with any yearly sum or Turns, stipend or stipends, or other profit pr emolument to or for the use of any reck>r, vicar, curate, or other person or persons, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners appointed by virtue of the act last before mentioned to corporations, 0 J, c,

sold to redeem direct how and m what manner and proportions, and out of what

the land tax. part or parts of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, originally liable thereto, such sum or sums, fti-pend or stipends, or other profits or emoluments as aforesaid, or any specifjc part or parts thereof, shall respectively be paid or borne in future $ and in every such case, and from thenceforth the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or other hereditaments, or such specific part or parts thereof, by or out of which the same shall be so directed so be paid or borne, shall be exclusively subject thereto, and to such powers and remedies for tfye ^ecoyery thereof as the law has provided for the recovery of rent

39 Geo. 3.

p. 21.

The of appointed by 39 Geo. 3.

c. shall direift how stipends shall be borne in future, which were charged upon estates belonging to

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 108. 423

reserved on leases; any thing in the said last mentioned act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That, for raising money for Corporation*

the purposes of this or of the acts before mentioned, it shall be HJ^Y enfran-r r t ?^chile lands

lawful for all such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, to Golden of

enfranchise any messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments manors, sub-which are or shall be holden by copy of court roll or other cuf-j^ to lease tomary tenure of any manor belonging to any such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, whether such manor be subject t-on t, t]ie to any lease or not, and also to sell and dispose of any heriots, court of chan* fee-farm rents, chief rents, or quit rents, or other emoluments eery, or advantages issuing or payable from or in respect of any freehold, or copyhold, or customary manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or incident thereto and accruing therefrom, without any application to or direction of the court of chancery in regard thereto, any thing in the said acts to the contrary notwithstanding; such sales and enfranchisements nevertheless to be made by and under such direction and authority as is required by the said act, intituled An act to render more effectual two acts, pojfed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign and the prese?zt session of parliament, for the redemption and purchase of the land tax: provided also, That in case any such manor shall If such manor be under lease, it shall be lawful for the of appointed he under lease, under the authority of the said last mentioned act to settle and fi0nereunder adjust all questions that may arise between any such body poli- 39 Geo. 3. tick or corporate and company so felling or enfranchising as last c. ai. mentioned, and his or their lessee or lessees, or any cestuique trust may settle all of such lessee or lessees, touching or concerning any such en- ^ve^corDcT franchisement or sale, and to order and direct a recompence to rations an(j be reserved out of the purchase money to such lessee or lessees, lessees. and such person or persons (if any) as shall or may be interestecj or entitled as cefuique truss or otherwise under such lessee or lessees for any loss or injury that may occur to him, her, or them by any such sale or enfranchisement as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, in order to raise money All persons for the purposes of the said acts, it shall be lawful for all and jriay fell every person or persons, in the manner and under the regulations hriots> mentioned and contained therein, respectively to sell and dispose of any heriots, services, emoluments, or advantages issuing or payable to him, her, or them from or in respect of any freehold, or copyhold, or customary messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or incident thereto, or accruing therefrom.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Freehold

such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, by and under estates may

such direction and authority as aforesaid, and also for all and be sold to

j*redeem trie

every person or persons who by the said act herein-before men- ]ancttaxon

tioned are enabled to fell any manors, messuages, lands, tene- them, and on

ments, or hereditaments, for the purpose of raising money for copyhold

the redemption of land-tax, subject to such regulations as by the fam<?

said acts or any of them are directed and required, to fell and uses an(i con,

dispose of any freehold manors or other hereditaments, for the trarywife.

Where the land tax

corporations is purchased by them, the amount to be a rent charge on the lands.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. io-8. [1798.

purpose of raising money for the redemption or purchase not only of the land tax charged on such freehold manors and other here- ditaments, but also of the land tax charged on any copyhold or customary messuages or other hereditaments, provided such copy-hold or customary messuages or hereditaments be limited or lub-jest to the same uses with the freehold estates lb fold, save and except as to such variations. as may be occasioned by the difference of the tenure, and also to sell and dispose of any copyhold or customary inefTuages or other hereditaments for the purpqfe of redeeming the land tax charged thereon, and also on any freehold manors and other hereditaments, limited or subject to the same uefs, save and except as aforesaid,

yir And be it further enacted, That where any land tax char cable on chargeable on any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or herein! on lease ditaments which are or shall be holden by copy of court roll or belonging to other customary tenure of any manor or manors belonging to any body politick or corporate, or company as aforesaid, by virtue of any lease or leases, shall be redeemed or purchased by any such body politick or corporate, or company, under the powers contained in any of the before-mentioned acts or this act, the amount of the land tax so redeemed or purchased shall be considered as rent reserved to such body politick or corporate, or company as aforesaid, out of such copyhold or customary manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and be payable on the same days as such land tax was payable before the redemption thereof; and the same powers shall be had, used, and enjoyed for the recovery thereof as for the recovery of rent in arrear.

VII. And be it further enacted, That where part only of divers manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments which may have been usually demised together by any such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, by one lease, upon which an entire ancient and accustomed rent or rents hath or have been reserved or made payable, shall be sold for any of the purposes of this act or of the before-mentioned acts, it shall be feryed, shall be lawful for the said of appointed as aforesaid to apppr-fold, the com- tion such ancient rent or rents, and to settle and adjust the propor-under^ Geo ^on t^iereo^ which shall from thenceforth be paid or payable in'"* respect of such of the manors and other hereditaments comprized in the said lease, which shall not be sold for the purposes aforesaid; or to settle out of what part or parts of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments liable thereto, the whole of such rent or rents, if the nature of the reservation will whole shall be not admit of apportionment, shall be reserved or paid in future; p^id it the re- ancj in ass leases which shall thereafter be granted of such last-no^admVof mentioned manors and other hereditaments the sum or other article or thing which shall have been so settled and apportioned shall be the rent to be reserved thereon; any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it enacted, That where the reversion of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or other hereditaments holden under any such body politick or corporate, or company

Where part of lands usually demited in one lease by any corporation, upon which an entire rent hath been re-

3. c. ai, shall apportion it amongst the parts unfold, or out of -which the

apportionment.

Where the

tgverfton of lands holden pnder any

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 108. 425

as aforesaid, by virtue of any lease, for one or more life or lives, corporation or for years absolute or determinable on the dropping of one or more life or lives, or by copy of court roll or customary tenure to any settle-for life or Jives, shall be purchased under the powers of this act ment, shall be or of any of the acts before mentioned, by or with the proper purchased by monies of the person or persons for the time being beneficially ^titled*to the entitled to the rents and profits thereof, and where such lease or rents but not leases shall be subject to any will or settlement, so that such to the abfo-person or persons shall not, at the time of purchasing the said lute interest: reversion thereof, be entitled to the absolute interest under such lease or leases, then and in every such case the said reversion reversion shall be settled under the direction of the said of shall be settled appointed under the said last mentioned act, so and in such man- by the com-ner as that the amount of the money paid for the purchase mission^un-thereof, with lawful-interest, may be a charge on such reversion fQ that*

for the benefit of the person or persons advancing the same, his, the purchase her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns; and that money and subject thereto the fee simple of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or other other hereditaments shall be settled under hereon for the like direction, for the benefit of the person or persons so the benefit of purchasing the same, and of such other persons as would have such purcha-been entitled under such will or settlement to the benefit of any fer> &c* renewed lease or leases for the time being, and so as to be enjoyed by them for such respective estates and interests as, considering the alteration of the tenure, shall appear to the said of most correspondent with the intention of such will or settlement; provided, that it shall be lawful for the said of to direct an application to be made to the court of chancery, in a summary way, for obtaining direction as to the mode of settling any such reversion where the case shall appear to them to be attended with difficulty.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Corporations, bodies politick or corporate, or companies as aforesaid, by and by authority^ under the direction and authority of the of appointed imder*

under the said last mentioned act, to contract and agree with 39 Geo. 3. their respective lessees and tenants holding under any demise by c. i. may copy of court roll or otherwise, who shall, under the powers agree with the contained in the said acts before mentioned, or any of them, ^ftsfor have redeemed or purchased the land tax charged upon the asti<rnment8 manors or other hereditaments comprized in such demiles re- of land tax spectively, for an assignment to such bodies politick or corporate, redeemed by or companies, of the land tax which shall have been so redeemed ^rdiafin^or purchased by their respective lessees or tenants, and for the jnay execute purpose of raising money to purchase the assignment thereof, to the like carry into execution all and every or any of the powers which, powers as for under and by virtue of the said acts or any of them, or this act, to\^eemthJ are or shall be vested in them, for raising money by sale of any land tax in the manors or other hereditaments, for the purpose of redeeming or firit instance, purchasing any land tax, in the first instance, and the monies raised for purchasing such assignment, or so much thereof as shall be requisite for purchasing the same, shall and may, under the

426 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 108. [1798.

order of the said of appointed under the great Teal, be paid to the person or persons assigning the same, whose receipt or receipts in pursuance of such order shall be a sufficient discharge for such monies, and the remainder (if any) of such monies shall be paid into the bank of England to the same account, and be applied in the same manner, and the cashiers of the bank, or one of them, are or is hereby required to give such receipts for the same, as if the whole purchase monies for such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments had been paid into the bank of England.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall belong to or

Personal property inverted in the funds,

&c. to be laid stand limited to the use or for the benefit of any bodies politick^or corporate, or companies, and any personal property which now is or shall hereafter be inverted in the publick stocks or funds, or placed out on any mortgage or other security, either in the names of such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or in the name or names of any trustee or trustees, or of the officer or officers of any court, shall be subject to any trust.

out in the purchase of lands for the benefit of any corporation may be applied, with the consent of the

of to be laid out in the purchase of other manors, messuages, lands.

under the great seal, in the redemption of land tax, charged on estates belonging to such corporation, and if in sufficient to redeem the whole, may raise money for that pur-

For money inverted in the three per

tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed or limited to the use or for the benefit of such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or for such trustees or officers respectively, with the consent and approbation of the said commissioners appointed under his Majesty's great seal, (such consent and approbation to be certified under the hands of any two or more of them,) to apply such personal property in or towards the redemption of the land tax charged upon the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments belonging to such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, and when any such personal property shall be under the direction or control of any court, the same shall be so applied under the order of such court, such order to be made upon the production of such certificate of the said of as aforesaid; and such land tax, when all the instalments shall be completed, shall fink and become merged in the same manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the benefit of the bodies politick or corporate, or companies, respectively entitled thereto; and in case such personal property shall be inefficient for the redemption of the whole land tax charged upon such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, it shall be lawful for such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, to use and exercise all and every the powers given to or veiled in therp in and by the said acts herein-before mentioned, or any of them, or this act, in order to raise money for the redemption of fa much of the land tax charged on such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as such personal property shall be insufficient to redeem.

XI. And be it further enacted, That where any money arising from the sale of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. ro8.

hereditaments shall not have been or shall not be paid into the bank of England pursuant to the directions of the said acts, but shall have been or shall be laid out and invested in the purchase of three pounds per centum bank annuities, transferred or for the purpose of being transferred to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, as the consideration for the redemption or purchase of any land tax chargeable on any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments belonging to any person or perform, bodies politick or corporate, or companies, by whom such first-mentioned manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall have been or be hereafter fold, then and in such case the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt or any one or more of them shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to accept and receive the transfer of such three pounds per centum bank annuities, and to grant to any puchaser or purchasers of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, his, her, or their agent or agents, a certificate under his or their hand or hands of the amount of

4*/

cents, transferred to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt as the purchase of any land tax, the of shall grant to the purchasers of the lands a certificate of the amount of the transfer, on production of which at the bank a receipt shall be given.

three pounds per centum bank annuities which shall have been or shall be so transferred to them as aforesaid, and upon the production of such certificate to any of the cashiers of the bank of England he or they shall and is or are hereby required to give to any such purchaser or purchasers such receipt or receipts as by the said acts or any of them is or are required to be given, as well for any monies which shall have been or shall be so invested as aforesaid, as for any other monies which may have been or may be paid by him, her, or them, into the bank of England in the manner required by the said acts or any of them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the cashiers of the Bank to give bank of England shall and they are hereby required from time to receiJPts for time to receive all monies tendered at the bank which shall have ^ornfale^arisen or shall arise from any sale, mortgage, or grant which hath made for the been or shall be made for the redemption or purchase of land tax, redemption of which money shall, at the request of the bodies politick or cor- ^ce^tc/the* porate, or companies, person or persons on whose account the account of the same shall be paid in, be placed to the account of the commis- of sioners for the reduction of the national debt, and forthwith in- for reduction vested in the purchase of three pounds per centum bank annuities

in the names of the commissioners for the reduction of the no ContraC? national debt, although no contract for redemption or purchase for such re -of land tax, or deed of sale, mortgage, or grant, shall have been demption shall

'9O Cy J91 1.*

completed at the time of paying such monies into their hands; ^completed,

and the said cashiers afterwards, upon the production of any such

contract or contracts, and deed or deeds, from time to time shall and they are hereby required to acknowledge the transfer of the flock so purchased, or any part thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where any manors. The money messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall have been or f"

shall be sold for the purpose of reimbursing any sums of money reimbursing^ before laid out in the redemption or^purchase of any land tax, any sums be-or Of paying off any fun's ^orrovyec} for that purpose, or for the fore laid out

purpose in the redemp*

428 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 108. [1798.

tion of land tax or purchase of alignment of any contract shall, under the order of the commissioners authorising the fate, be paid to the persons entitled to the benefit thereof.

purpose of purchasing the assignment of any contract or contracts for land tax, the sum or sums to arise from such sale or Tales, or so much thereof as shall be requisite for reimbursing or paying off any such sums of money so before laid out or borrowed, or for purchasing the alignment of any such contract or contracts, shall not be paid into the bank of England\ but shall, under the order of the respective of who shall have authorised such sale, be paid to the person or persons entitled to the benefit thereof, whose receipt or receipts, in pursuance of such order, shall as fully and effectually discharge the purchaser or purchasers of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as the receipt of the cashier of the bank of England would have done in case the same had been paid into the bank pursuant to the directions of the former acts, and the remainder (if any) of such sum or sums so arising from such sale or sales shall, In pursuance of such order, be paid into the bank of England to the same account, and be applied in the same manner, and the cashiers of the bank, or one of them, are or is

hereby required to give a receipt for the same, and to cause the same to be inverted in the purchase of three pounds per centum bank annuities, as if the whole purchase money for such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments had been paid into the bank of England in pursuance of the said acts.

Where money

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all has been im- cases where any money hath been paid into the bank of England m^the^bank to P^acec^ to ^ie account of the commissioners for the reduc-to be placed to tlon of national debt, as the whole or part of the purchase the account of money for any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here-the commis- ditaments fold or contracted for to be sold by any bodies politick mTudtionVf16 or corPorate> or companies, either with or without the direction the national ar)d approbation of the said of appointed under the debt, thecora- great seal, or by any person or persons other than bodies politick, missioners corporate, or companies, as the case may be, and it shall appear or to satisfaction of the said of appointed under the the commis- great seal, or of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes re-

sioners of taxes spectively, as the case may be, that such money ought not to

respectively, have been so paid, then and in all such cases it shall be lawful

bank^tefre to anc^or of appointed under the great seal,

it. re?ay by writing under their hands, or the hands of any two of them, and to and for the said of for the affairs of taxes respectively, to order and direct the governor and company of the bank of England, and such governor and company are hereby required to repay all such monies to the person and persons who shall appear to have paid the same into the bank*, and in all cases where such money shall have been already inverted in the purchase of three pounds per centum bank annuities in the names of the com-s rnissioners for the reduction of the national debt, upon a certificate signed by any two or more of the said of appointed under the great seal, or by the said of for the affairs of taxes, as the case may be, that such money ought not to have been so inverted, it shall be lawful to and for the said-

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 108. 429

of for the reduction of the national debt, or any one or more of them, and they are hereby required to transfer the frock which has been so bought by or transferred to them to the person or persons who shall have paid such money into bank, and with which money such frock had been so purchased, and the receipt and receipts of such person and persons shall be sufficient discharges for such monies or frock.

XV. And be it further enacted, That where any manors, Where the

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments belonging to any money arising.., 5 7 n 11 1 ?ij, / from the tale

bodies politick or corporate, or companies, shall be (old to raise Qc ]an(jg be.

money for the redemption of land tax, and it shall afterwards longing to any

appear that the money arising from such sale or sales shall not be corporation

sufficient to redeem the whole of the land tax charged on the

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments belong- rec{eern t^c

ing to such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, but that whole of such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, are willing and the land tax,

delirous to pay into the bank such further sum or sums as may the hank

be necessary to make up the whole of the money requisite to re- mone^ offered

deem such land tax, then it shall be lawful for the cashier or to make up

Cashiers of the bank of England, and they are hereby required the deficiency.

to give a receipt or receipts for all such sum or sums as may be

offered to be paid to them to make up such deficiencies, and to

apply such monies for the purpose or purposes of completing such

redemption.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any trufrs, Where part oT mortgages, liens, or incumbrances shall equally affect or be a j.ands are fold charge upon divers manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or tfle ian(j tax* Other hereditaments, part whereof shall be proposed to be sold on the whole, for the purpose of redeeming the land tax chargeable on the equally affect-manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments so equally

subject and liable to such trufrs, mortgages, liens, or incum- chancery, and brances, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the court of of session re-chancery in England and the court of session in Scotland\ if such spectively, courts respectively shall be satisfied that such of the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as shall not be conveyed, proposed to be sold for the purposes aforesaid, shall be a sufficient freed from security for the object of such trufrs, or for the payment of such tech trusts; mortgages, liens, or other incumbrances, to order and direct that^hdo such of the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here* not equally  ditaments, as shall be sold for the purposes aforesaid, shall be affect the conveyed to the purchaser or purchasers thereof, freed and dif- whole of the charged from such trufrs, mortgages, charges, liens, and other iands* incumbrances as aforesaid, and tech purchaser or purchasers shall, after the inrolment or registery of the conveyance or conveyances made under such order or direction as aforesaid, hold and enjoy the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments purchased by him, her, or them, freed and absolutely discharged therefrom.

XVII. Provided always, That nothing in this act or in any Application of such order or direction as aforesaid contained shall extend or be from fales1* ng

con- under the di-

43d Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 108. [1798.

region of the construed to extend to discharge the manors, messuages, lands, courti. tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be so fold for the purposes aforesaid, from any trusts, mortgages, liens, or incumbrances which shall not equally affect or be a charge upon the whole of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, the land tax of which shall be redeemed by the monies arising from the sale of apart thereof; but all such last mentioned trusts, mortgages, liens, and other incumbrances shall remain and continue chargeable upon the manors and other hereditaments, which shall be sold in the same manner as if this acct had not been palied, and the monies to arise from such Tales shall, under the direction of the said courts respectively, be applied in the same manner in or towards the redemption of land tax, as by the said acts herein-before mentioned and this act is directed 5 and if there shall be any surplus the same shall, under the like direction, be applied in or towards the discharge of such first-mentioned mortgages, liens, or incumbrances, or othersife be laid out and inverted in the purchase of other manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments which shall be limited for and upon the like uses, trusts, intents, and purposes, and subject to the same incumbrances as the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments which shall be so fold stood limited.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all bodies corporate and politick, companies, and persons in the said recited acts mentioned, who by the said acts or any of them are empowered to contract for the redemption of the land tax charged on any

Corporations, &c. empower, ed by recited acts to contract for redemption of land tax in preference to others, to have the like preference until Dec 1799-

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments of which they shall be in possession, or to the rents or profits of which they shall be beneficially entitled, or in which they shall have any estate or interest in remainder, reversion, or expectancy, or being substitute heirs of entail shall be entitled in their order to succeed thereto, in preference to any other bodies, corporations, or companies, or other persons whatsoever not having an estate interest therein, and the respective committees, curators,

or

tutors, guardians, or trustees of such persons on their behalf, shall have and be entitled to such and the like benefit of preference in the redemption of such land tax over such bodies, corporations, companies, or persons, from and after the said twenty-fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until and upon the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That where any bodies politick or corporate, or companies as aforesaid, shall have entered or shall hereafter enter into any treaty for the sale of any of their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the purposes of this act and of the said acts before mentioned, or shall have made or shall hereafter make any application to the said of appointed by his Majesty under the great seal, a^erhficate^or t^ie^r *an^on anc^ approbation of any sale for the purposes thatdiligence afore^a^, and shall obtain a certificate under the hands of any is used by two of the same of, that in their opinion such bodies

Where corporations have treated for sale of lands, or on application to the of under the great seal

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 109. 43*

politick or corporate, or companies, are proceeding or intend to them for proceed bona fide and with reasonable diligence to carry into ex- C

ecution any such sale for the purposes aforesaid, (which certifi- may coutra& cate shall specify for what period of time the same (half run and for the reoperate), it shall be lawful for such bodies politick and corpo- demption of rate, or companies, during the continuance of such period, (not- a

withstanding any thing in any of the said acts contained to the lj99t in pre-J contrary), to contract and agree for the redemption of the land ference to tax charged on their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or others, not-hereditaments, at any time after the said twenty-fifth day, of June, in preference to any person or persons, bodies politick or given notioc corporate, or companies, having or holding such manors, mef- of intention fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments under any demise to redeem it. made by copy of court roll or other wise, by such first- mentioned bodies politick or corporate, or companies, for lives, or any term or terms for years determinable on lives, or for years absolute, notwithstanding the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or companies, having or holding such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments under any such demise shall have given notice of their intention to redeem such land tax: Corporations provided always, That such bodies politick and corporate, or companies, hereby enabled to contract, with such preference as to produce aforesaid, shall produce such certificate as aforesaid to the com- such certifi-missioners appointed under the King's sign manual for the cate to the county where the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here- g^undef11" ditaments, the land tax whereof shall be proposed to be redeem- the King's ed shall be situate.'sign manual.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the pro- This act and visions of this act, shall in the execurion of the above-mentioned recited acts to acts, be used and applied and construed in like manner as if the he construed same provisions were specially enacted in the said acts; and all as

and every the provisions of the said acts, in the execution of this act, except where the same are hereby expressly varied, shall be used and applied, extended and construed, in like manner as if the same provisions (except as aforesaid) were specially enacted in this act.

CAP. CIX.

An act for better recruiting the forces of the East India company.

[July 12, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the united company of merchants of England

trading to the East Indies are by law entitled to maintain and keep up, and at their own costs and charges do maintain and keep up, a military force in their settlements abroad, for the defence and protection of the territorial acquifetions and revenues of which they are in possession, and for the defence and protection of their trade; and by an act of parliament made in the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty,

[2 Geo. 3.

intituled An act for establishing an agreement with the united company of merchants of England trading c

432 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 109. [1798.

to the East Indies, for the payment of the sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for the use of the publick, in full discharge and satisfaction of all claims and demands of the publick, from the time the bond debt Of the said company was reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds, until the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, in respect of the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies; and also for securing to the publick in respect thereof, for a term therein mentioned, a certain part or proportion of the clear revenues and profits of the said company; and for granting to the said company, for a further term, the foie and exclu-five trade to and from the East Indies, and limits therein mentioned; and for establishing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the said company, as well in India as in Europe, and the recruiting the militiary forces of the said company; certain regulations are eft ablished for the said company's raising recruits in Great Britain, but no provisim is made, by virtue of which such recruits can be trained, arrayed, exercised, or disci^ plined, during their abode in this kingdom, or whereby they can be subjefled to military law previous to their embarkation fory and during their pafidgey to the place where the said united company are entitled to maintain and keep such militia force: and whereas it is expedient that his Majesty's officers should be authorised in certain cases to enlif recruits for service, either in his Majesty's troops or in the forces of the said united company, as his Majesty shall think fit to direct; and that all recruits so raised and transferred over to, or enlified by officers in the service of the said united company, should be trained, arrayed, exercised, and disciplined in the use of arms, previous to their departure for places abroad; and that they should be subjefied to military law during their abode in this kingdom, and during their passage toy and before their arrival at such places: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to order and cause such of his officers as he shall see fit, to levy, enlist, and raise such number of men as from time to time his Majesty shall think fit, for the special purpose 8^n "of Irvingn the East Indies, either in his Majesty's troops, or in

His Majesty may order 'Officers to levy men to serve in the

his Majesty's troops or the company's forces, who shall take the following

the forces of the said united company; and that the recruits to be raised for such special purpose, instead of taking the oath of fidelity appointed to be taken by the rules and articles for the better government of all his Majesty's forces, shall take the fol- lowing oath; (that is to say),

Oath; I A.B. being enlisted to serve either in his Majesty's troops

X or in the forces of the East India company, according as his Majesty shall think fit, do swear, That I will bear true allegiance to our sovereign lord King George^ and that I will, as in iny duty bound, defend him in his person, crown, and dignity,

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 109. 433

against all his enemies; and that so long as I shall remain in his Majesty's service, I will duly observe and obey his Majesty's orders, and the orders of the generals and officers set over me by his Majesty; and that if his Majesty shall please to appoint me to serve in the forces of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, then I (wear that I will also be true to the said united company, and will duly observe and obey all their orders, and the orders of their generals and officers, who shall be lawfully set over me.

of the court of directors may csufe recruits to be

II. And be it further enacted, That on such recruits being which carried before a justice of the peace, in pursuance of an acT, justices^are passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act for j^fteadof the punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the oath pre-army and their quarters, or in pursuance of any act hereafter to be feribed by the passed for the same purposes, such justice shall tender and admi- articles ot nifter such oath as is herein-before mentioned, instead of the war' oath prescribed by the said articles, of war; and the same (if taken by such recruits) shall be so expressed in the certificate to be given by such justice, in the form required by the said act.

[His Majesty

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon the pe- ori petition tition of the court of directors of the said united company, to cause so many recruits or soldiers, who shall have been raised by his Majesty's officers for the special purpose herein-before mentioned, as the said court of directors shall petition for, and as transferred td his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall see fit to grant, to be ^r^ny

transferred over to the service of the said united company, which

transfer shall be made by such recruits or soldiers being delivered

over by such officer in his Majesty's service, who shall have the command of them, at such place as his Majesty shall think proper to appoint, to such person or persons as the said court of directors shall appoint to receive them.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said united Company not company shall not be obliged to receive into their service any bliged to recruit or soldier who shall be an invalid, or who shall have any vaiids. bodily infirmity.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said united company Company to

shall pay unto such person or persons, for the use of his Majesty, in

as shall be appointed for that purpose in writing by the commis- agreed upon sioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, for such re-or by the lord high vreasurer for the time being* such sum and emits, and

sums of money as from time to time shall be agreed upon tween one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of Irate on behalf of his Majesty, and the said court of directors, to reimburse the expence of raising such recruits and soldiers as shall be transferred into the service of the said United company in manner herein-before mentioned; and that, over and above such sum, the said united company shall in like manner pay to such person or persons as aforesaid, the costs of the subsistence of each recruit, from the time of his enlisttiient to the time of his being Vol. XLII. F f delivered

their fubiilienee from enlistment;

434 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 169. [1798.

delivered over to the said united company, as herein-before mentioned.

Company

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said united company men cnlifted and may deposit, keep, maintain, pay, train, and exercise

under recited in the use of arms, such men as they may from time to time act, and enlist and engage in their service, under and by virtue of the au-

u^de^ Tds^ in t^or'ty t^Ye tai<^ a<^ of twenty-first year of his Majesty's Great BritaiiT re#, gn> anc^uch men as &all be transferred over to their service Guernsey, or in manner herein-mentioned, in any of his Majesty's garrisons, Jersey, and or at such other place or places within Great Britaint or the fWftr^be ^an<k Guernsey or Jersey, as shall be approved of by his Ma-i'bitAbroad. je^y 5 and that the said united company, or their court of di-rectors, may from the men so enlisted or transferred as aforesaid, make drafts of non-commissioned officers and soldiers, to be from time to time sent abroad in the said united company's service, as they shall think proper and necessary.

Court of di-

VII. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of raif-the^approba- receiving, keeping, training, and exercising the men so en-tion of his lifted by licence from his Majesty as aforesaid, it shall and may Majesty; may be lawful for the court of directors of the said united company, appoint. with the approbation of his Majesty, signified under the hand writ-h* commisn one Majesty's principal secretaries of (fate, to ap-

firms from his point, from and amongst such officers in the service of the said Majesty and united company, as may be in England, on furlough or by leave the company, of absence, from their duty in India, or who have retired from in the'men" the hnd company, and shall hold and have com-

out of whom million from his Majesty as well as from the said united com-they may pany, one commanding officer, and such other commissioned appoint officers, of such ranks and with such commissions as shall be ferjcancs, &c* neccft-ary for the training, exercising, and disciplining such men so enlisted or transferred as aforesaid, until they shall be sent abroad; and that it shall also be lawful for the said court of di-re<flors to appoint, from the number of men so enlisted or transferred as aforesaid, such number of serjeants, corporals, drummers, and filers, as shall be necessary for the same purpose. Company not VIIJ Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not to enlist above be lawful for the said united company to enlist or have in pay at

nu^ibe^of any oae t*rne' or to tram or discipline at any one time, by virtue

men nor of fhis any toreacer number of non-commissioned officers and appoint more private men than two thousand, nor shall it be lawful for the than the court of directors of the said Company to appoint any greater aumber of number of commissioned officers than the number of men to be comm'rf&oned ra'^ a^d disciplined shall require; nor shall the officer so ap-officers. pointed to command, or any other commissioned officer to be Officers not to appoin ted as aforesaid, be continued in the said appointment, or have any have any power or authority to command, train, or discipline power longer the said men so enlisted, longer than he shall continue to hold coma comm'on from his Majesty, his heirs or succeslers; and his from his or their laid appointment, powers, authorities, and commands,

Majesty shall cease and determine, and become utterly void, from and

immediately after the said commission shall be revoked, determined

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. ldg. 435

mined, or otherwise made void by his Majesty, his heirs or successors: provided also, That, from and after the passing of this Nomorethari

act, and until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight nu^berof

hundred, no greater number than three thousand of men en- men enlilted,

lifted for the special purpose aforesaid, and not transferred by his and nottranf-

Majesty to the service of the said company, shall, at any one time, [erred, shall be maintained by his Majesty within this realm; and that, from and after the said day, no greater number of such men shall be realm,

+so maintained than shall be specially included within the provisions of such act or acts of parliament as may, from time to time, be made and be in force for the punishment of mutiny and desertion, or for the discipline and government of his Majesty's forces in Great Britain.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Company, may be lawful for the said company, with his Majesty's appro-

bation so signified as aforesaid* to appoint such quarter matters, Majesty, paymasters, and other persons, as may be necessary for disciplin- may appoint ing and training, attending, and otherwise taking care of, the quarter said men so enlisted and transferred, over and above the number masters> of commissioned officers herein-before mentioned, whether the said person shall be in their service or not.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not Rates of pay-be lawful for the said united Company to pay of allow any greater tb allowed pay, or other sums, to the commissioned and non-commissioned mjf^onecj and ttaff officers to be appointed to raise, -receive, train, exercise, non-commis-and discipline, the said men, than after the fates following; (that fioned, and is to say), Not more than ten Shillings per day to each captain, staff officers, not more than five shillings per day to each subaltern officer*

+over and above the pay, according to their rank, which they shall be entitled to during their being in this country on furlough or leave of absence, or retired from their service; nor more than five shillings per day to each quarter matter, one hundred and twenty pounds per annum to each paymaster, two shillings per day to each serjeant, one shilling and sixpence per day to each corporal, five shillings per day to each surgeon, and one hundred pounds per annum to one chaplain; such last mentioned sums to be the full allowance to which in any case such officers shall be entitled save and except the regimental pay which such officers may be entitled to, according to their respective ranks, and save

and except such barrack allowances as are usual to be given to

officers in his Majesty's service when quartered in barracks).

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said pay so to be Pay to he in

made to the said officers respectively as aforesaid, shall be irt full

satisfaction of all emoluments whatsoever; and that the clonth- andclc*athin \ ing for the said men, and all other things whatsoever, necessary &c. to be* to be provided for them, or for the place In which they shall be provided ag deposited and kept, shall be provided by the said united company* directorg upon the best terms, and in such manner as shall appear to the

court of directors erf the said company to be best iuited to that purpose*

43 6

Officers and men to be fri 'ject to the commandants of garrisons or barracks, and to partake in the duties.

Orders of the company to be given through such com inand-ants.

Deserters may be apprehended and confined as from his Majesty's service.

Persons apprehending deserters to be entitled to fun!i reward only as the company may give.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 109. [1798.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said men so to be enlisted into, or transferred over to the service of the said united company, shall be deposited and kept at any of his Majesty's garrisons or barracks, all such recruits and soldiers, and the commissioned and non-commissioned officers having the command of, or being employed in the training, exercising, and arraying such recruits or soldiers, shall at all times be subject to the command and orders of the commandant of such garrison or barracks, or in his absence to the: senior officer in his Majesty's service, or the officer for the time being commanding in such garrison or barracks; and that the commissioned and non-commissioned officers, to be appointed by the said united company to the command of, or for the training, exercisins;, or arraying such recruits as aforesaid, shall at all times partake in and perform the duties of any of his Majesty's garrisons or barracks in which they may be stationed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all orders which shall be given by the said united company, or their court of directors, to their officers so llationed at any of his Majesty's garrisons or barracks, shall be given and pasted through the commandant or senior officer commanding at such garrisons or barracks.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any perform who shall be enlisted and engaged by the said united company, under the authority of the said act of the twenty-first year of his Majesty's reign, or who shall be transferred over to the service of the said united company as herein-mentioned, shall afterwards desert or be found wandering, or otherwise illegally absenting himself from the service of the said united company, it shall and may be lawful for any conliable, headborough, or tythingman of the town or place where any such person who may be reasonably suspebled to be a deserter shall be found, to apprehend or cause him to be apprehended in the same manner as if he were a deserter from his Majesty's service; and every constable, head-borough, tythingman, justice of the peace, or magistrate, shall have the same power and authority, and proceed in the same manner as he or they would have had, or as he or they would have proceeded in, if the person had been a deserter from his Majesty's service 5 and every keeper of any gaol, house of cor-rebiion, or prison, to which such person shall be committed, shall be entitled to receive the full subsistence of such deserter, during the time he shall remain in their custody, for the maintenance of such defermr, and shall receive and confine him or them in the same manner as if he or they had been a deserter from his Majesty's service.

XV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, 10 authorise any justice to pay cr cause to be paid any reward to any person or persons, who shall apprehend or cause to be apprehended any person or persons who shall desert from the service of the East India company, nor shall the person or persons apprehending the same be

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 109. 437

entitled to any other reward than the East India company may voluntarily give for such apprehension.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all such officers and Officers and soldiers as shall be raised and enlisted by virtue of this act shall,

at all times and until their embarkation, be subject to all the to he subjrff

provisions and regulations of the said act, made in the prefect to t-he mutiny

iession of parliament, intituled An act for punishing mutiny and laws, amt

desertion, and so'r the better payment of the army and their quarters, f/terwau?

the provnions

during the continuance of the lame ad: m Great Britain, and Of Geo<

after the expiration thereof to such other act or acts of parlia- c. 9. ment, provisions, and regulations, as .'hall from time to time be made and be in force for the discipline and government of his Majesty's forces in Great Britain; and that, from and after their embarkation to go abioad to such places where to they shall be sent in the service of the said united company, all such officers and soldiers shall be, and hereby are adjudged to be in the actual set vice of the East India company within the meaning of an act passed in the twenty-fe venth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for punishing mutiny and desertion of officers and soldiers in the service of the united company of merchants of England trading to the had: Indies, and for the punishment of offences committed in the East Indies, or at the if and of Saint Helena; and shall, during their passage, and during their continuance abroad in the service of the said united company, be subject to all the provisions and regulations of the said act, and to all such provisions and regulations as officers and soldiers in the pay of the said united company shall from time to time be subject to at the settlement or place to which such officers and soldiers shall be lent.

XVII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained Ad not to shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enable any officer,

civil or military, or any other person or persons whatsoever, to roe^ Upon place, quarter, or billet, any (o'dier or soldiers enlisted by or any person transferred to the said united company, upon any subject or in- without his habitant of this realm, of any degree, quality, or profession consent? whatsoever, without his consent, or to demand from, or take from any person or persons, except by their own consent, any such provisions or allowances as are provided and allowed to soldiers and officers in his Majesty's service, by those upon whom they are quartered or billetted, or to compel or call upon any person or persons to provide carriages for them, their arms, cloaths, and accoutrements, when upon march, othenvile than by their own free will and consent.

XVIII. And whereas for more effectually supprcffng mutiny and desertion, and for the punishment of ether offences committed by officers and soldiers in the service of the said united company, during the time of their being trained and disciplined by virtue of this act*, or by any of the officers or non-commissioned officers employed on that service, it may be necessary that his Majesty Jhculd he enabled to convene courts martial, or to author!fe the same to be convened, con-fif ing either in the whole or in part of officers in the service of the

He Dy

438 1

His Majesty may grant commissions for holding general courts martial.

Regimental courts martial may be convened.

Offences committed after embarkation, may be tried on arrival at place of detonation.

Court of directors to tran I mi t a report of the puruber of men levied, See. to the fee ret ary of Hate and the commander in chief*

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 109. [1798.

East India company who hold commissions from his Majesty: be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty from time to time to grant a commission for the holding of general courts martial for the trial of offences committed by officers or soldiers in the service of the said united company, during the time of their being so employed, and trained and exercised under the authority of this act, which courts martial may either consist of officers appointed to train and discipline the said men, or of such other officers in the service of the East India company, holding commissions frt>m his Majesty, as may be in Great Britain upon furlough, or by leave of absence, or of officers in his Majesty's service in Great Britain, or of Rich numbers and proportions of each, as to his Majesty shall seem meet; and fuefl courts martial shall in all other respects be convened, and have the same powers and authorities, and their sentences shall be carried into execution, as if they were courts martial respecting his Majesty's forces.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That regimental courts martial, or courts martial to be composed of officers of different corps, with the same powers as regimental courts martial, may be convened for enquiring into such disputes or criminal matters* as may come before them, touching any of the non-commissioned officers or soldiers in the service of the said united company during the time of their being so employed and trained and exercised as aforesaid, and for awarding corporal or other punishments for small offences; and Rich courts martial shall be constituted and proceeded, and their sentences shall be carried into execution in like manner as if they were courts martial respecting his Majesty's forces.

XX. And for asmuch as it may happen that offences may he committed by the said officers and men after their embarkation, and before their arrival at their places of dejlination abroad, which nevertheless cannot be tried and punished during their passage, in such manner as such offences ought to be tried and punished; be it therefore enacted,

That in every such case, every Rich officer or soldier shall and

may, after his arrival at his place of destination abroad, be tried and punished for every offence committed after his embarkation, and before his arrival, in the same manner as he would have been liable to be tried and punished if such offence had been committed in any place where the offender could have been tried by any court martial held under the authority of the said act passed in the twenty-seventh year of his late Majesty's reign.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the court of director$ of the said united company shall, and they are hereby required and directed, twice in every year, to make out a report of the number of men levied and fublifled by virtue of this act, and of all the orders issued, and every other matter or thing done or directed to be done by them in the execution of this act, and to transmit one copy of the same to one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of flare, and another to the commander in chief of his Majesty's forces.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. no. 439

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed Publick act to be a publick act, and shall be taken notice of as suchf by alL judges and justices ^homfoeyer, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. CX.

An act for the augmentation of the falarfs of the judges of the courts in Westminster Hall ^and also of thq lords ofsession, lords commissioners of justiciary, and barons of exchequer, in Scotland; and for enr abling his Majesty to grant annuities to persons in certain offices in the said courts of Vkf minster Hall, on their refgnaiion of their respective offices.

[July 12, 1799.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the salaries of the master of the rolls, the chief baron Preamble# of the court of exchequer, the puisne judges in the court of king3s bench, the puisne judges in the court of common pleas, and the barons of the coif in the court of exchequer, at Westminster, are inadequate to the dignity and importance of their offices; and it is therefore expedient that a further augmentation should be made thereto, and that your Majesty should be enabled to make proper provison, from time to time, for such persons as shall have diligently and uprightly conduced themselves in the execution of the office of chief juf ice of the king9 s bench, master of the rolls, chiefju flic e of the common picas, chief baron ofdhe exchequer, the juf ices of the courts of king's bench and common pleas, and barons of the coif in your Majesty's court of exchequer, and for that purpose to grant annuities to the respective amounts, and for the periods here-in-after mentioned, to such officers respectively; and also to make a competent and fitting provison for such persons as may hold the office of chancellor or keeper of the great seal of Great Britain, in the event of their quitting or being removed from the said employment; we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, An augmen- from and after the passing of this act, there shall be issued, paid, tation to be and payable, out of, and charged and chargeable upon, of Ahe

consolidated fund, (after paying and reserving sufficient to pay all master of the such sum and sums of money as have been directed by any for- rolls &c. to mer act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the same; but be paid out of with preference to all other payments which shall or may here-after be charged upon, or payable out of, the said fund), to the commencing several persons herein after mentioned, as an augmentation of 10, 1799-their respective friaries, so much money as will make up their respective salaries and pecuniary profits belonging to their said jfespective offices, to the annual sums herein after mentioned; to the master of the rolls four thousand pounds, to the chief baron' - V f 4'of

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. no.

[1798.

of the court of exchequer four thousand pounds, and to each of the puisne justices in the courts of king's bench and common pleas, and to each of the barons of the coif in the court of exchequer, three thousand pounds; which said sums of money to be issued in pursuance of this act shall from time to time from thenceforth be payable and paid half yearly, free and clear from all taxes and deductions whatever, on the tenth day of October and the fifth day of April in each year, by even and equal portions, the first: payment thereupon to be made on the tenth day of Oftobir one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

An account

II. And be it further enacted, That such officer of the matter and pecuniary r0^s anc^ chief baron, and each of the puisne justices and

profits of the barons of the coif respectively for the time being, as they shall matter of the respectively appoint, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after t^ie exPiratln of the half year ending on the twenty-ninth day to theatre a September onz \ho ufand seven hundred and ninety-nine, de-

fury at certain ^ver to the lord high treasurer or of of the treasury periods. for the time being, an account, signed by such matter of the rolls, chief baron, puisne justice, and baron respectively, of their clear salaries, after the deduction of all fees and taxes paid in respect thereof; and also of all fees and pecuniary profits which shall have been received, or were payable to them in respect of the execution of their said offices, either in their respective courts in WestminJier Hall, or at the rolls, or at their respective chambers, in respect of any business depending in the said courts of king's bench, common pleas, or exchequer, between the twenty-fifth day of March and the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and a like account shall be delivered in like manner in every succeeding half year ending on the twenty-fifth day of March and the twenty-ninth day of Sep-. tember, of the salaries, fees, and pecuniary profits, winch shall have been received, or were payable to them in respect of their offices for the preceding half year aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That in whatever sums the whole amount which shall have been received, or were payable to any of the persons before mentioned, in respect of their said offices, within the half year preceding the delivery of any such account-, shall be less than the clear sum of two thousand pounds

ro s an c nen respei of the fajj master of the rolls and chief baron, or of one thousand five hundred pounds in respect of the said puisne judges and barons of the said courts, shall be the sums to be issued for the half year in which the said account shall be delivered, and shall be computed and 2fcertained so as to make up the whole of their respective salaries and pecuniary profits to the half-yearly sums respectively before mentioned; and such sums shall be issued accordingly in manner herein after mentioned, and as if the sums so to be ascertained had been specifically mentioned in this aeffi.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any person having the office of matter of the rolls, chief baron, puisne justice, or baron of the coif, of any of the courts

The sums received half yearly to be made up 2000l. to the mailer of the

baton, and 1500l. to the puisne judges and barons respectively.

In case of death or resignation, a proport i enable part of

aforesaid, shall die.

in the same, the

executors or ad mu

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. no, 441

administrators of the person so dying, or the person so resigning the said Aims the same, shall be entitled to such proportionable part of the clear salary and profits of such office as aforesaid, as according to the*

rates above mentioned shall have accrued during the time that such person dial] have executed such office as aforesaid; and the proper officer of the successor of every such person shall, on the twenty-fifth day of March or twenty-fifth day of September, as the case may be, which shall be immediately subsequent to every such death or resignation, or as soon after as conveniently may be, deliver in such account as is hereinbefore required to be delivered, signed by such successor, and also by his predecessor, or the executors or administrators of such predecessor, as the case may be; and such successor and his predecessor in case of resignation, and the executors or administrators of such predecessor in case of death shall be respectively entitled to and receive such proportionable part of such sum, as upon such account shall be due and payable by virtue of this act as aforesaid; and in case such person so dying or resigning shall have received, during such part of the half year in which such person shall die or resign, more than a proportionable part of the clear salary and profits of his office, according to the time during which such person shall have executed the same, every such person so resigning, and the executors or administrators of the person so dying, shall pay to the successor$ of every such person so much as the sums received shall exceed the sums to which such officer shall be entitled, according to the rates aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That the successor of every such Successor to person so dying or resigning shall be entitled to have and receive receive AUa- from all persons whatsoever, such salaries and profits as shall arise

and become due from the death or resignation of his predecessor, (jeath or refig-in like manner as if his patent had borne date the day next sub- nation of his sequent to the day of the death or resignation of his predecessor. predecessor.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and His Majesty for the King's most excellent majesty, his heirs and successors, may grant to

the lord chancellor or

by any letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto any persons executing the office of lord high chan- keeper of cellor of Great Britain for the time being, or the office of keeper the great seal, of the great feai of Great Britain, an annuity or yearly sum ofan annuity of money, not exceeding the sum of four thousand pounds, of law- ^nce^n001" ful money ot Great Britain, to commence and take effect imme- resignation, diateiy from and after the period whenever the person to whom payable quar-such annuity or yearly sum of money shall be granted shall re-^erly out of figrvthe said office of lord high chancellor or the office of keeper of the great seal of Great Britain, or be removed from the same ^ee fr0(n 8 respectively, and to continue Irom thenceforth for and during the taxes, natural life of the person to whom the same shall be granted as aforesaid; and such annuity or yearly rent or sum shall be issued and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the consolidated fund, next in order of payment to, and after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, the said annuities herein-before granted, and all such sum and sums of money as have been directed by

44z Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 110. [1798.

any former or acts as aforesaid, but with preference to all other payments hereafter to be charged thereon as aforesaid and the same shall from time to time be paid and payable quarterly* free and clear of all taxes and deductions whatsoever, at the four usual days of payment in the year, that is to say, The fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, in each apd every year, by even and equal portions, the first payment to be made on such of the said days as shall next happen after such resignation as aforesaid of the said Scf ^mit^the 0^ce* Provided always, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, duration and heirs and successors, in and by the said letters patent, if he or payment of they shall think fit, to limit the duration and payment of any the annuity to such annuity, to be granted to any person executing the said office ^CtheCIar'iS ^orc^ chancellor, or the office of keeper of the great seal

shall not hold F Great Britain^ or any part of such annuity, to such periods of any office of time during the natural life of such person in which he shall not

prqfit. execute the said office of lord high chancellor, or keeper of the great seal of Great Britain, or any other office of profit under his Majesty, his heirs or successors, so as such annuity to be granted as aforesaid, together with the salary and profits of such other office, shall together not exceed in the whole the said sum of four thousand pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-may grant fuj for pjs Majesty, his Wrs and successors, by any letters patent, ties to the " under the great seal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto any chief justice of person who may or shall have executed the office of chief justice the king's of the court of king's bench, and shall have refiened the same, an

bench, &c. annuity or yearly sum of money, not exceeding the sum of three

thousand pounds; and to any person who may or shall have executed the office of master of the rolls, chief justice of the common pleas, 6r chief baron of 1 he exchequer, and who shall respectively have re- signed the same, an annuity or yearly sum of money, not exceeding the sum of two thousand five hundred pounds; and to any person who may or shall have executed the office of poifne judge of the court of king's bench or comm m pleas, or of baron of the coif of the court of exchequer, and who shall have resigned the same, an annuity or yearly sum of money, not exceeding the sum of two thousand pounds; the fai i several last mentioned annuities to commence from and after the period when the person, to whom any such annuity or yearly sum of money shall be gw rued as aforesaid, shall have resigned his said office, and to continue from thenceforth for and during the natural life of the person to whom the same shall be granted as aforesaid; and every such annuity or yearly sum of money shall be issued and payable cut of, and charged and chargeable upon the consolidated fund, next in order of payment to, and after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, the said several annuities herein-before granted, and all such sum or sums of money as have been directed by any former act or adfts of parliament to be paid out of the same, but with like preference to all other payments as aforesaid; and the same shall from time to time be paid and payable quarterly, free and clear

His Majesty

nresignation, payable quarterly out of the consoliated fund, free from taxes.

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 110. 443

of all taxes and deductions whatever, on the four usual days of payment in the year before-mentioned, in each and every year, by even and equal portions, the first payment thereof to be made on such of the said days as shall next happen after such resignation as aforesaid of the person to whom any such annuity or yearly sum of money shall be granted: provided always, That no

No such grant.

such annuity or yearly sum of money, granted to any person hav- unless he

ing executed the office of chief justice, master of the rolls, chief party shall

baron, justice, or baron of the coif, of the said courts respectively, have conti-

shall be valid, unless such chief justice, master of the rolls, chief nue, d in office

baron, justice, or baron respectively, shall have continued in one ^aj^b^unable

or more of the said last mentioned offices for the period of fifteen to execute the

years, or shall be afftidled with some permanent infirmity, dif-office.

abling him from the due execution of his office, which shall be

distinctly recited in the said grant.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the The treasury of of his Majesty's treasury now being, and the high ^edt*1* treasurer and under treasurer of the exchequer, and commis- the auditor of sioners of the treasury for the time being, or any three or more the exchequer of them, and they are hereby autftorised and required, by warrantt0 Pa*f deben-under their hands, to direcct the auditor of the receipt of the ex- of the* chequer, now and for the time being, to make forth and pass de- annuities, bentures, from time to time, for the paying the said several an-without fees, nuities or films of money, in manner as aforesaid, which shall become payable by virtue of any such letters patent as aforesaid, or

which shall have been ascertained to be payable upon such account, as is herein-before directed to be delivered, and as the same shall, from time to time, become due and payable, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any part thereof; which said warrants and debentures, to be made forth and passed thereupon respectively, shall be sufficient authority to the several and respective officers of the receipt of the exchequer now and for the time being, for the payment of all such annuities or sums of money at the respective days in this act before appointed for such payments, without any further or other warrants to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf.

IX. And be it further enacted, That after signing of any such Warrants not

warrants or debentures respectively, the same shall be good, valid, determinable v.rr a 1 on the death

and effectual in law, according to the purport and true meaning of^ Majesty?

thereof, and of this act, and shall not be determinable or revocable &c. by or upon the demise of his Majesty, (whom God long preserve), or any of his heirs or successors, or by or upon the death or removal of any of the said of of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer, or under treasurer, or by or upon the determination of the power, office or offices of them, or any of them.

X. And be it further enacted, That the of of the The treasury treasury now being, and the high treasurer, chancellor, and under questodo,

'treasurer, chamberlains, and barons of the exchequer, and all without fee, others the officers and ministers of the court of exchequer, and all things of the receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall, and they herein direct- - aree

The receipts of the annuitants to be sufficient dif-th^rges.

If the officers

of the exchequer neglect to pay the annuities, they may be sued.

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. no.

[1798.

are hereby authorised, and ftriblly enjoined and required to do without fee or reward, all such acts, matters and things, as are herein before directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this act, and the several payments hereby directed effectual.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of the said matter of the rolls, the chief baron of the court of exchequer, the puisne judges of the court of king's bench and common pleas, and barons of the coif of the court of exchequer respectively, and of all persons who shall have served in any of the offices before-mentioned, and to whom any such annuities or sums of money shall have been granted as aforesaid, shall be good and sufficient discharges frorq the payment of the said sums of money and annuities respectively before-mentioned, without any further or other warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf; and that the said several annuities or sums of money, and every part thereof, shall be free and clear from all taxes, impositions, and other charges whatsoever; and in case any of the officers of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay any such annuity or sum of money, or any part thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, or to do any ad* necessary to enable any such matter of the rolls, chief baron, puisne judge, or baron of the coif of the exchequer, or any person having served in any of the offices before-mentioned, to whom any such annuity or lurn of money herein-before mentioned shall have been granted as aforesaid, to receive the lame, then any such matter of the rolls, chief baron, puisne judge, or baron aforesaid, or any such other person as aforesaid, may, from time to time, sue, prosecute, and implead such officers, or any of them, their heirs, executor^, or administrators, by bill, plaint, or action of debt, and shall and may recover judgement, and sue out execution thereupon, against such officers respectively, their respective heirs, executors, or administrators, for so much of any such annuity or sum of money fclpectively then due and owing, or any part thereof, as shall have been in the hands of the officer or officers of the receipt of the exchequer, at the time or times when such demand shall have been legally made for the payment of any such annuity or annuities, or sums of money, or any part thereof, as aforesaid, or for the refusal or neglect to do any act necessary to be done by any such officer or officers respectively.

XII. And whereas it is expedient, that a further augmentation should he made to the salaries of the lords of fejfons, lords of of juficiary, and barons of exchequer, in that part of Grear BriT

From July 5, tain called Scotland, be it therefore enacted, That, from and af-1799, an aug- ter the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninery-ffial^be made nine, there shall be issued, paid, and applied, in every year, out: to the salaries of the monies that shall arise from any of the duties and revenues of the lords of in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which, by abls made session, See. in in the seventh and tenth years of the reign of Queen Anne, wer cothmd' charged

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. i i 1, 112. 445

charged or made chargeable with the payment of the fees, Hilaries, and other charges, allowed, or to be allowed, by her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for keeping up the courts of session, justiciary, and exchequer, in Scotland-, the several sums following, to the judges after-mentioned, as an augmentation to their respective salaries; (that is say), The ftim of one thousand pounds to the lord president of the court of session for the time being; the sum of five hundred pounds to the lord justice clerk for the time being; the sum of four hundred and eighty pounds to such of the Other lords of leflioa as shall be lords of of justiciary for the time being; the sum of two hundred and eighty pounds to such of the other lords of session as shall not be lords of of justiciary for the time being; the sum of one thousand pounds to the lord chief baron of the court of exchequer in Scotland for the time being; and the sum of two hundred and eighty pounds to each of the other barons of the court of exchequer for the time being.

CAP. CXI.

An act to permit, until the first day of August: one thousand eight hundred and nvo, the importation of certain naval fores from Hamburgh, and other ports ^Germany.

[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the building and refitting of his

[Preamble.]

Majest s J.hips of war, and of finps and vessels employed by his Majest s subjects, that the importation of naval fores should be permitted from the ports of Germany: be it enacted by the King's rnofl excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and af- From August terthefirfl day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety- W'tv1 nine, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and p^h two, it shall and may be lawful to import into this kingdom, in and tar, deal Britif-built ships, owned and navigated according to hw, from boards, fir, the ports of Hambujgh, Bremen, Altona, and Gluckfiat> pitch and tar, as well as deal boards, fir, and timber; any thing in an act, ported^i^Bri-passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his majesty Kingtish built ships Charles the Second, intituled An act for preventing frauds and re- from Ham-gulating abuses in his Majest s customs, to the contrary in any wise bui'Sh> &c-notwithstanding.

CAP. CXII.

An act to enable his Majesty, by order in council, to permit, until six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, such goods as fall be specified in such order to be imported into this kingdomain neutral ships.

[July 12, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for facilitating the importation certain articles into this kingdom, that his Majesty f Quid' be enabled to permit, by order in council, such goods as fall be specified to

His Majesty may permit, for a limited time, such goods as shall

446 Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 113. [1798.

be imported in neutral ships; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with the advice of his or their privy council, from time to time, when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient.

be specified in to permit, until six weeks after the commencement of the next

any order of council, to be imported in ships belonging to the section of parliament, any such goods, wares, or merchandize, as shall be specified in any order of council, to be imported into this kingdom in ships belonging to the subjects of any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty; any law now in force to the coun^S(many contrary m anywise notwithstanding.

amity with his Majesty,

CAP. CXIII.

An act to enable such persons as his Majesty may be pleased to appoint to the office of chief justice, or of one of the justices of either bench, or of chief baron, or one of the barons of the exchequer, to take upon themselves the degree of a serjeant at law in vacation.

[July 12, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient whenever the office of chief justice, or of one of the justices of either bench, or of chief baron, or one of the barons of his Majesty's exchequer, happens to be vacant, that a proper person should be speedily appointed to such office; and that such person should be of the degree of a serjeant at law, which degree cannot be taken in vacation: may it please your Majesty that it may enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled,

His Majesty, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be law-

vacatfon^ ful for his Majesty, at any time before the commencement of the

while the of- next Michaelmas term, and during any succeeding vacation,

fee of chief whilst the office of chief justice, or of one of the justices of either justice, &c. bench

or of chief baron, or of one of the barons of his Majesty's is vacant y 9^j

may cause a exchequer, shall be vacant, from tifne to time, to cause a writ to

a writ to be be issued out of his Majesty's high court of chancery, directed to issued out of any such person, being a barrister at law, as his Majesty shall c^ancer^ to think returnable immediately in the said court, commanding any barrister fuc'a Perl-n to appear in the said court, and to take upon him-at law he shall self the state and dignity of a serjeant at law; and such person think fit, to shall and may thereupon forthwith appear before the lord high court1 and^1^ c^ance^or5 ^orc* keeper, or lords commissioners for 'he custody of t ike upon the great fesl for t^lc ^me being, at such time and place as the him self the said chancellor, keeper, or of, dial I appoint; and such dignity of a person io appearing, and taking the oaths usually administered to Lv^Tnd such 3 ^ejeant shall, without any further act or ceremony, be,

person*01 all and be ^eeme<^ an<^ taken to be, a serjeant at law, sworn to all take the usual intents and purposes: and in case his Majesty shall be pleased, by daths. 'writ or by letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain, to

His Majesty create or constitute any such person, so to be sworn as aforesaid* may grant to chief

1798.] Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 114. 447

chief justice of his Majesty's court of king's bench, or to grant ^ch Person, to any such person the office of chief justice of his Majesty's court*j justice of common pleas, or of one of the justices of either bench, or of of either chief baron, or of one of the Barons of his Majesty's exchequer, bench, &c* every such person shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully appointed to every such office, and shall and may lawfully hold and enjoy the same, and do all matters and things whatsoever in such and the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as if such person had been a serjeant at law, sworn in the usual and ordinary course*

CAP. CXIV.

An for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, for applying certain lures of money therein mentioned, for the service of the year one tho: faocJ seven hundr.-d and ninety-nine $ and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this fan on of parliament.

[July 12, 1799.]

Comm'fnoners of the t re a fury may raise 3, 22(?jOoob by loans or exchequer bills, as prescribed by the malt act of this session. Exchequer bills to be paid rut of the con fob dated fund. Bank may advance the money.

34, 1451. 2s 9d. fnrclus of sum granted for extraordinary expences of the army for 1708, may be applied for 1709. Monies raised by the duties on mal;, pbnfions, &c. annuities, c. 7. Duties on income, annuities, c. 60.

Lottery, vote of credit, exchequer bills, c. 69. Exchequer bills, c. 70.

521.890b 16 s. 7d. zq. fur pi us of the consolidated fund on April 5, 1799;

and 3, 229 ooool. granted out of the consolidated fund may be i(filed as

follows: 13 654, 013b 6s, 71b for naval services, viz. 2, 886, 000b for wage*

of2-0, 000 men, including 20, 000 marines. 2.964, 000b for their victuals.*

4.680, cool. for wear and tear of ships. 390, 000b for ordnance for lea service. 729, 063b 6s. yd, for ordinary of the navy, including half pay.

693, 750b for building and repairs of ships and extra works. 1, 311, 200b

for transport service and maintenance of prisoners, 1, 324, 413b 14s. 7cl.

for ordnance land service for 1799. 81, 969b 17s. 4a. for ditto in ty97.

56, 218b ns. nd. for Tea service of ordnance in 1797. 108, 2251. is. zd. for land service of ordnance in 1798. 3.000, 000b- to he remitted to Ireland.825, 000b for the emperor of Ruilia.1, 774, 6091. 4s. 7d. for land

forces, viz. 1*977, 253l. yd. 10s. for 52, 051 effective men, officers,

&c. in Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney and Ireland in 1799.

86*4635l. tos. 3d. for forces in the plantations, Gibraltar, Portugal, Cape of Good Hope, on special service, and New South Wales. 42 901b 198. for difference between British and Irish pay for ilx regiments abroad.

29, 124b 3s. 4d. for recruiting the regiments in East India. 185, 000b for -recrui ing and contingencies and extra feed of cavalry. 114, 144b 5s. jd. for general, (sass and hospital officers in Great Britain, Jersey and Guam-fey. 3, 139, 908b roe., 8d. for militia, miners of Cornwall and Devon, nnd sensible infantry. 6o.oooob for contingencies for militia and fenabie&.

279, 934b 19s. 2d. for cloathing for militia, and miners of Cornwall and Devon. 418, 440b 5s. 8d. for fencilvle cavalry. 25, 000b for extra feed of sensible cavalry. 109, 151b 3s. 8d. for provisional cavalry. 41, 741l. 16s. for full pay to superilumerary officers. 123.006b 13s. 3d. for the paymaster general^ commissary general. See. 220, 000l. for quartering ibldiera.

163, 979b 7s. id. for reduced officers 01 the land forces and marines.

20b 128. i id. for reduced and luper.iiumated gentlemen of the horse gu irffs.

1,000b for officers late in the leivice of the stat-es genaab 52, 1: 00b for reduced officers of the British American forces, and 7, 500b for allowances to them. 142, 688b ns. 3d. for Chelsea hospital. 18, 591b 3s. 3d. for wko.vs* pen lions. 500, 000b for volunteer corps. 622.478b for the barrack department. 173.735b 18s. 7U. for foreign corps. 2, 465, 854b 17s. 3d. for army ertrvir hnaiies j'or 1709. 3, 000, 000b for ditch--rging exchequer bills madeoutunder 38 Geo. 3. c. 91. i>oooo, oooob for dischargingdo, made

Anno regni tricesimo nono Georgii III. c. 114. [1798.

out under 38 Geo. 3. c. 90. 3,500,000l. for discharging do. made under 38 Geo. 3. c. 82. 9, 337b 5s. 6d. issued pursuant to addresses of the house of commons. 7,150b for the civil establishment of Upper Canada. 5, 4151. for the civil establishment of Nova Scotia, in America. 4,6501 for the civil establishment of New Brunswick, in America. 1,900b for the civil establishment of the island of Saint John, in America. 1,840b for the civil establishment of the island of Cape Breton, in America. 2,451b is. for the civil establishment of the island of Newfoundland. 4,100b for the civil establishment of the Bahama Islands. 580b for the civil establishment of the Bermuda or Somers Islands. 600b for the civil establishment of the island of Dominica. 6, oi6l. 15s. for the civil establishment of New South Wales; 20,000b for forts in Africa. 150, 000b for his Majesty's secret service abroad. 226,000b for relief of the fuffiering clergy and laity of France, Toulonefe emigrants, and American loyalists. 5, 000b for the Levant company. 2, 773b 15s. for printing for the house of commons in 1798. 8, ooool. for do. in 1799. 7)819l. for superintendance of aliens.

25, 307b 6s. id. for the expences of the mint in 1798. 284b 17s. 6d. for

prosecution of coiners in 1797. 1, 607b 9s, 4d. for do. in 1798. 971b os.

yd. zq. for expences of Convicts at home in 1798. 35, 923b T5S. 4d. for do. in 1799. 3, 000b for the board of agriculture. 1, 500b for the Veterinary College. 6, 721b for repairing the church of Saint Margaret, Westminster. 25, 150b 14s. 4d. awarded under the American treaty. 200, 000b towards the reduction of the national debt; 153, 148!, 10s. yd. for exchequer bills in 1796. 114, 037b 16s. 3d. 2q. interest on exchequer bills in 1797. 35, 990b 9s. 6d. to compleat the supplies granted for the

service of the year 1797. 211, 791b 2s. yd. for discounts on loan and lottery in 1798. 210, 071b 5s. nd. 2q. for interest on exchequer bills in 1798. 20, 000b to discharge bills from New South Wales. 14, 698b 9s. 2d. to the bank of England for receiving contributions to loan and lottery for 1798. 465, 759. 16s. 1 id. iq. for interest of exchequer bills and advances on bills of exchange. 12, 200b for lottery in 1798. 20.502b issued cut of the civil list for secret service abroad. 2, 450b 7s. 4d* to William Pollock, esquire, for expences under the alien act. 97b 9s. to William Chinnrry, tsquire, for an instrument for measuring altitudes, &c. for commissioners for ascertaining the situation of Saint Croix. 909b 13s. 6d. for attendance on committees of the house of commons. 4.214b 12s. to Joseph White, esq. for the purchase of the old goal of Surrey. 897b 6s. for publishing in the Gazette weekly returns of the average price of brown sugar. 263b 15s. 6 d. to Joseph Baldwin, esq. for his attendance on Mr. Hayings'trial. 2, 762b 15s. to Bernard Cobbe, esq. for clerks in the office for auditing the publick accounts. 529b 12s. to William Chinnery, esq. for New South Wales. 849b 16s. 3d. 3q. for alterations at the house of the speaker of the house of commons. 412b 9s. iod. for the parliament office. 7, 878b 3s. for the purchase of sir John Eden's house for an office of one of his Majesty's secretaries of state. 1, 437b 6s. 6d. for expences of the police office in Wapping. 300b to the solicitcr of the mint for prosecuting coiners, 1, 955b 18s. for completing indexes to the rolls of parliament and journals of the house of lords; 41 il. 3G. 9d. for a survey of the ille of Dogs, 1, 731b 16s. to the secretary to the commissioners for reducing the national debt. 600b for expences in executing n.6f for sale of the land lax. 121b ns. 6d. for A clerk employed on American claims, 15, 000l. for the purchase of Dr. Hunter's collection of natural history. 60, 000b for awards under the American treaty. 35, 000b for indemnification to the earl of Saint Vincent and fir Charles Grey. 4, 275b 16s. to William Affiforth and others for first payments on loans in 1796, forfeited by omission to make future payments. 36, 000b to Jeremy Bentham, esquire, lor a penitentiary house. 4, 000b for roads and bridges in Scotland. 510, 888l. us. 4d. to make good deficiency of grants in 1798. Supplies not to be issued for any other than the purposes before-mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the half pay. Officers employed on the staff or in garrisons may receive half pay, taking the oath mentioned in this act. Chaplains having any ecclesiastical benefice, &c. not to receive half pay. By 38 Geo. 3. c. 90. 163, 874b 16$. 8d. was appropriated to be paid to teduced officers, the overplus of which may be disposed of to officers maimed, &c. as his Majesty shall judge proper.

---

[Index Removed.]

END OF PART I. VOL. XLII.

[The following part does not appear in all versions of this vol. Page numbering differs between vols.]

PUBLIC LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

Anno tricesimo nono Georgii III. Regis.

It being thought unnecessary to print in this place the whole of the titles of the Public Local and Personal Acts, which are all inserted in the Table; the Editor has selected those Acts which he thought would be found of most general utility, either at length, or made copious abstracts of them.

Cap. 58.

An act for regulating the rates of porterage to be taken by innkeepers and other persons within the cities of London and Westminster, the borough of Southwark, and places adjacent.

[June 21, 1799.]

---

WHEREAS great exadions and abuses are daily practised in the porterage or delivery of boxes, baskets, packages, parcels, trufies, game, and other things, within the cities of London and Westminster, and the borough of Southwark, and the suburbs and liberties thereof respectively, and other parts contiguous thereto, brought by stage waggons* carts, public stage coaches or carriages: and whereas the laws now in being are insufficient for the prevention of such exadions and abuses: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, not innkeeper, warehousekeeper, or other person, to whom any box, baiket, package, parcel, truss, game, or other thing whatsoever, not exceeding fifty-six pounds weight, is brought by any stage waggon or cart, or any public stage coach or carriage, or any porter or other person employed by such innkeeper, warehousekeeper, or other person in the porterage or delivery of any such box, basket, package, parcel, truss, game, or other things within the cities of London and Westminster, and the borough of Southwark, and the suburbs and liberties thereof respectively, and other parts contiguous thereto, not exceeding the distance of half a mile from the end of the carriage pavement in the several streets and places within the said cities, boroughs, and liberties, shall ask or demand, or receive or take, in respect of such porterage or delivery, any greater rate or price tharl the several rates or prices hereafter mentioned; (that is to say, )

For any distance not exceeding a quarter of a mile, the sum of three pence s

For any greater distance than a quarter of a mile, but not exceeding half a mile, the sum of four pence:

For any greater distance than half a mile, but not exceeding one mile, the sum of sixpence:

For any greater distance than one mile, but not exceeding one mile and a half, the sum of eight pence:

For any greater distance than one mile and a half, but not exceeding two miles, the sum of ten pence; and so in like manner the additional sum of three pence for every further distance not exceeding half a mile.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any porter or other person employed in the porterage or delivery of such boxes, baskets, packages, parcels, trufies, game or other things as aforesaid, shall ask or demand, or receive or take, of and from any person or persons in respect of such Vol. XLII.Ff.porterage

Public Local and Personal Acts'[1800.

porterage or delivery, any greater sum or Turns than the rates or prices hereinbefore fixed in that behalf, such porter or other persons shall for every such offence forfeit a sum not exceeding twenty Shillings nor less than five shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That before any such box, balket, packet, package, parcel, truss, game, or other thing whatsoever is sent from the inn, warehouse, or other place to which the same is brought or conveyed, there shall be made out and given to the porter or other person employed in the delivery thereof, a card or ticket, whereon shall be distinctly printed, written, or marked the name and description of the inn, warehouse, or other place from whence the same is sent, and the sum due for the carriage thereof, and also the sum due for the porterage or delivery thereof, according to the rates and prices aforesaid, and the christian name and surname of the porter or other person employed in such delivery, which card or ticket shall be delivered by the porter or other person employed as aforesaid, at the same time and together with such box, basket, packet, package, parcel, truss, game, or other thing; and if any such box, basket, or other article shall be sent from any inn, warehouse, or other place without such card or ticket as aforesaid, every such innkeeper, warehousekeeper, or other person shall for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty shillings nor less than five shillings: and any porter or other person employed in the delivery of any such box, basket, or other article, who shall not at the time of such delivery leave therewith such card or ticket as aforesaid, or who shall wilfully alter, obliterate, or deface any thing Written or expressed thereon, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings; and if any such porter or other person shall, upon the delivery of such box, basket, or other article, alk or demand, or take or receive any larger sum for the carriage of such article than is written or expressed as aforesaid, every such porter or other person shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every box, basket, package, parcel, truss, game, or other thing brought to any inn, warehouse, or other place, by any public stage coach or carriage other than stage waggons, for the purpose of delivery within the limits aforesaid, (except where the same shall be directed to be left till called for), shall be delivered according to the direction thereof within six hours after the arrival of any such box, basket, or other article at such inn, warehouse, or other place, unless such arrival shall be between the hours of four in the evening and seven in the morning, and in that case every such delivery shall be made within six hours after such hour in the morning, and in default thereof every innkeeper, warehousekeeper, or other person, to whose inn, ware-house, or other place such box, basket, or other article shall be brought as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence any sum not exceeding twenty shillings nor less than ten shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, That every box, basket, package, parcel, truss, game, or other thing brought to any inn, warehouse, or other place, by any public stage waggon for the purpose of delivery within the limits aforesaid, (except where the same shall be directed to be left till called for), shall be delivered according to the direction thereof within twenty-four hours after the arrival of any such box, basket, or other article at such inn, warehouse, or other place, and in default thereof every innkeeper, warehousekeeper, or other person, to whose inn, warehouse, or other place such box, basket, or other article shall be brought as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence any sum not exceeding twenty shillings nor less than ten shillings.

VI. And be it enacted, That every such box, basket, package, parcel, truss, game, or other thing brought to such inn, warehouse, or other place as aforesaid, which shall be directed to be left till called for, shall, upon the demand of the person properly authorised to receive the same, be delivered to such person without any charge or demand whatsoever, other than what is justly due for the carriage thereof, and the additional sum of two pence for the warehouse-room thereof; and if the same

1800.] 39 Geo. III. c. 58*.

be not delivered to such person upon such demand, or any charge other than as aforesaid be made or received in respect thereof, every innkeeper, warehousekeeper, or other person, to whose inn, warehouse, or -other place such box, basket, or other article shall be brought as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence or overcharge any sum not exceeding twenty shillings nor less than ten shillings.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That if such box, basket, or other article so directed to be left till called for be not sent for from such inn, warehouse, or other place before the end of one week after the same is brought to such inn, warehouse, or other place, it shall be lawful to and for such innkeeper, warehousekeeper, or other person to charge and receive the further sum of one penny for the warehouse-room thereof, and so in like manner if the same be not sent for before the end of the second or any subsequent week to charge the further sum of one penny weekly.

VIII. Provided also, That if any such box, basket, or other article brought to such inn, warehouse, or other place as aforesaid, which is not directed to be left till called for, shall, before the same is sent for delivery from such inn, warehouse, or other place, be demanded by any person properly authorised to receive the same, such box, basket, or other article shall be thereupon delivered to such person so demanding the same; and it shall in such case be lawful to and for such innkeeper, warehousekeeper, or other person to charge and take the fum justly due for the carriage thereof, and also the sum of two pence for the warehouse-room thereof; but if the same be not delivered to such person upon such demand, or any charge other than as aforesaid be -made or received in respect thereof, every innkeeper, warehousekeeper, or other person, to whose inn, warehouse, or other place such box, basket, or other article shall be brought as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence any sum not exceeding twenty shillings nor less than ten shillings.

IX. And, for the preventing the misbehaviour of porters or other persons employed in the porterage or delivery of such boxes, baskets, packages, parcels, trusses, game, or other things as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That upon complaint made of any non-delivery, neglect, misconduct, or misbehaviour in such employment to any justice of the peace within whose jurisdiction the offence has been committed, or the offender1 shall be or reside, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice of the peace to grant a warrant to bring before him the person against whom such complaint shall be made, and upon proof, made upon oath, (which Oath such justice is hereby empowered to administer), of any such non-delivery, neglect, misconduct, or misbehaviour of such porter or other person. to impose a fine or penalty upon such porter or other person not exceeding the sum of twenty shillings nor lei's than five shillings.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person to whom any such box, basket, package, parcel, truss, game, or other article as aforesaid, shall be directed, shall, upon the delivery thereof, neglect or ref life to pay to the porter or other person employed to deliver the same the money justly due for the carriage thereof, and also due for the porterage or delivery thereof, according to the rates aforesaid, or for the Warehouse-room thereof, as the case may be, it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice of the peace within whose jurisdiction such neglect or refusal shall be made, or the person charged with such offence shall reside, irpon complaint thereof made, to grant a warrant to bring before him the person against whom such complaint shall be made, and upon proof thereof, made upon oath, (which oath such justice is hereby empowered to administer), to award reasonable satisfaction to the party grieyed, for his damage and costs, and for his loss of time in recovering the same, and oil non-payment of the sum so awarded, by warrant under his hand and seal, to levy the same by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, rendering to such offender the overplus of such distress, if any there be, after deducing the charges of making the same.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person shall be prosecuted for any offence against this act, unless information of such

452 Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

Offence be given to a justice of the peace within fourteen days next after the commission of such offence.

XII. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorise the employment of any porter or other person in the porterage or delivery of parcels within the city of London contrary to the laws and usages of the said city.

XIII. And, for the speedy recovery of all and every the penalties and forfeitures which shall be incurred under this act, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any one or more justice or justices of the peace within whose jurisdiction any offence or offences against this act shall be committed, or the person charged with such offence shall re-fide, upon complaint or information to him or them made, to summon the party or parties accused, and also the witnesses on either side, to appear before him or them at a certain time and place in such summons to be specified, and upon the appearance of the party or parties accused, or in default of his, her, or their appearance according to such summons, (due proof being made of the service of such summons), to proceed to hear and determine the matter in a summary way, and upon due proof made of the oftVnce, either by the voluntary consession of the party or parties accused, or by the oath oV one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath or oaths the said justice or justices is or are empowered to administer), to convict the party or parties, and to award and adjudge the penalties imposed by this act to be paid by such offender or offenders, together with reasonable costs and charges attending such con vision, and upon nonpayment of the sum so awarded, either immediately or at such time as the said justice or justices shall appoint, not exceeding seven days, such justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had is or are hereby empowered and authorised to issue his or their warrant for apprehending such offender; and in case such offender shall escape or go out of the jurisdiction of such justice or justices, it shall and may be lawful for any other justice of the peace of the county or place where such offender shall be found, by indorsement of such warrant, to authorise the execution thereof within the jurisdiction of such justice, and the justice or justices who granted such warrant may, upon the offender being brought before him or them, commit such offender to forhe public prison or house of correction of the city, county, or place in which such offence shall have been committed, or such offender shall have resided, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any term not exceeding one calendar month or less than fourteen days from the day of every such commitment, unless such offender shall sooner pay the sum to be mentioned in every such warrant of commitment.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidence before any such justice or justices of the peace touching any matter contained in this act, and shall have had a reasonable sum of money paid or tendered to him for his loss of time and expences, and shall neglect or refute to appear at the time and place for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his or their neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices, every such person shall forfeit or pay for every such offence any sum not exceeding forty shillings nor less than twenty shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner and by such means as hereinbefore directed with respect to other penalties; and if any person or persons summoned as a-witness or witnesses to give evidence as aforesaid shall appear at the time and place for that purpose appointed, but shall refuse to answer any lawful questions such justice or justices may think proper to put to him, such justice or justices may commit every futh person to some prison or house of correction of the city, county, or place within the jurisdiction of such justice or justices, for any time not exceeding fourteen days from the time of every such commitment.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the justice or justices of the peace before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid shall cause the said conviction to be made out in the following form of words, or in anjir form of words to the same effect \ (that is to say),

1800.] 39 Geo. III. c. 58*. 453

To wit

BE it remembered, That on this day of

h in the year of his majesty King

A.B. is convicted before me (or us) one (or two) of his Majesty's

justices of the peace for the city of London, (or for the city and liberty of Westminster, or for the county of as the case may be,) for that the said A.B. on the day of now last past did,

contrary to the statute in that case made and provided [here fate the offence againf the act]; and I (or we) do declare and adjudge, that the said A.B. hath forfeited the Turn of of lawful money of Great Britain for the offence aforesaid. Given under my hand and seal, (or our hands and seals), the day and year aforesaid.'

And the said justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had shall certify the same to the next generator quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for the city, county, liberty, or place wherein such conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the records of the said general or quarter sessions, and such conviction shall be good and valid in the law to all intents and purposes, and shall not be quaffied, let alide, or judged void or in sufficient for want of form only, and shall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majesty's court of King's bench, but shall be deemed and taken to be final to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the judgement or determination of any such justice or justices as aforesaid, may appeal to the justices of the peace for the city, liberty, county, or place where such judgement shall be given, at their then next general or general quarter sessions of the peace, unless such next general or general quarter sessions of the peace shall happen to be holden within six days next alter any such conviction, and in such case such person or persons may appeal to the second general or general quarter sessions of the peace which shall be holden for any such city, liberty, county, or place next after any such conviction, but no such appeal shall be received, heard, or determined unless the appellant or appellants shall first enter into a recognizance with two sufficient sureties, before such justice or justices so convicting as aforesaid, in the sum of ten pounds each, to appear and prosecute every such appeal with effect; and the justices of the peace at such general or general quarter sessions of the peace are hereby authorised and required on every such appeal being made, and on reasonable notice thereof given to the other party, finally to hear and determine the matter of every such appeal, and to nuke such order and to award such costs therein as they in their discretion shall fee meet, and which said order and determination shall be final and conclusive to all parties, and no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any such proceedings or determination.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That one moiety of the penalties by this act imposed shall, -when recovered, go and be paid to the person or persons who shall prosecute to conviction any such offender or offenders, and the other moiety to the poor of the panffi in which the offence shall be committed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be sued or prosecuted for any thing done in pursuance and m execution of this act after the expiration of six months from the time when the offence was committed, and every such suit or prosecution shall be brought in the city, county, or place where such offence shall have been committed, and not elsewhere; and every person so sued shall and may plead the general issue (not guilty), and may give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if a verdict shall be found for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff shall become non-suited or discontinue his action after the defendant shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon a demurrer against the plaintiff or plaintiff's, the defendant or defendants in every such action shall receive double costs, and have the like remedy for the lame as defendants have in other cases for the recovery of their colts.

454 Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Cap. 69.

An act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the port of London.

[July 12, 1799.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS considerable disadvantages to the trade of the port of London arise from the circuitous course of the river Thames round the tract of lands called The Isle of Dogs: and whereas, from the very great and progressive increase of the number and fixe of ships and other vessels trading to the port ^London, the river Thames, in the said ports is, in general, so much crowded with flipping, lighters, and other craft, that the navigation of a considerable part of the said river is rendered tedious and dangerous; and there is much want of room in the said port, for the safe and convenient mooring of vessels and access to them: and whereas great inconveni-cncies are also experienced in the said port, for want of regulations concerning the navigating and mooring of vessels in the same: and vohereas want of accomniodation for the landing and flipping of goods, wares, and merchandize, has for some years pajl been experieneed, by reason of the confined and crowdedfate of the legal quays in or belonging to the said port: and whereas great delays, accidents, damages, Losses, and extraordinary expences, are sustained from the aforesaid tauses, to the hindrance of commerce, and the great injury of the publick revenue: and whereas the said evils might, in a considerable degree, be remedied, if a navigable canal for ships and other veffils, were made across the said Isle of Dogs, between Blackwall and Limehouse Hole, and if proper measures were adopted for the better navigating and mooring of ships and other vessels in the river Thames; and also if good and fvfficient wet docks and basons were made in some part or parts of the said Isle of Dogs, with quays, wharfs, and warthoifes attached thereto, for the reception, aifcharge, and loading of ships and vessels in the West India trade: but inasmuch as the jams cannot be effected without the aid and authority of parliament, way it therefore please your Majesty that it maybe enabled; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-Common thority of the same, That the mayor, aldermen, and commons powered to* of the city of London, in common council assembled, shall be, make a navi- and they are hereby authorised and empowered, by themselves, gable canal their committees, agents, workmen, and servants, to design, acrois the Isle layout, make, maintain, and support, according to such plan q Doga. or pjans> ancj in such manner and form as they shall approve of, a navigable canal with proper and necessary cuts, flood gates, and other works adjoining or belonging thereto, to be situated in and pass through the said. trabl ot land called The Isle of Dogs> in the hamlet of Poplar and Blackwall, and parish of Stebonheath,

1800.] 39 Geo. III. c. 69*.

455*

otherwise Stepney, within the Tower division of the county of Middlesex, commonly called The Tower Hamlets, and to communicate with the river Thames, at or near Blackwall aforesaid, and also at or near a place called Limehouse Hole> so as to open, provide, and afford, a safe, ready, and convenient navigable course, and passage, for ships and other vessels, across the said Isle of Dogs.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council afiem- ^ack bled, to build, repair, and maintain, two or more piers within Limehouse*11 the tide way of the river Thames, at or near Blackwall aforesaid. Hole, to faci-and two or more piers within the tide way of the said river, at litate the en-or near Limehouse Hole aforesaid, to the intent that ships, and Ranees into other vessels, may safely and conveniently enter into and go out1 e caQa

of the said canal: provided nevertheless, That such piers shall not be built so as to injure the navigation of the said river.

III. Line of canal docks, &c. to be according to the plan and book of reference, without deviation, unless with the consent of parties interested in the lands.

IV. Power to enter lands, and survey, design, and set out.

V. Powers to supply the canal with water from the Thames; and for that purpose to make foughs, aqueducts, See. and to cleanse watercourses and raise the banks thereof j and to make watering places for cattle; and to dig, remove, and carry away earth. Sec. and to build bridges, flood gates, toll houses, &c. and to divert and alter ways, bridges. See. and to lay and work materials on the adjoining grounds; and to make bricks, and take sand from the river; and to make or alter fences, Sec. and to make towing paths, See. and to make and do all other things necessary,

&c. doing as little damage as may be, and making satisfaction for damages.

VI. Power to arch over, fill up, or alter sewers and drains, and to build new ones under the direction of the commissioners of sewers for the Tower Hamlets. Such new sewers to be vetted in and under the direction of the commissioners of sewers.

VII. Power to make and maintain draw and fvvivel bridges.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Power to

the said mayor, aldejmen, and commons, in common council build on, flop assembled, to cause to be built upon, stopped up, or inclosed, ole

any of the present streets, courts, alleys, ways, or passages, and Greets, and void ground, adjoining, or which shall adjoin, to the said works, also courts, and now or heretofore used as ways or passages, or any part or parts thereof, which shall appear to the said mayor, aldermen, ietthe and commons, in common council assembled, proper to be built ground, upon, stopped up, or inclosed, for any of the purposes of this ac!; and to sell and dispose of, or let the ground and foil thereof, to any person or persons, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, for such uses as they shall think proper, so as the money arising by such sale or sales, or letting, be applied to the purposes of this act.

IX. Power to repair works damaged by floods.

X. Power to scour the canal, See. Remove wrecks of ships, &c.

XI. Power to cleanse adjoining watercourses, at the land owner's expence.

XII. The common council in making the said works are not to prejudice or obstruct the works of the West India dock company.

XIII. Houses, buildings, or mooring chains, are not to be taken, altered, Scc. till paid for.

Common council empowered to purchase houses, lands, &c. within certain limits, on and near the Isle of

Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, and they are hereby empowered for the purposes in this act mentioned, to treat and agree with the owners and occupiers thereof, and other persons interested therein, for the purchase of all such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of what nature or kind soever, in or near the hamlet of Poplar and Blackwall, and parish of Stebonheath, otherwise Step?iey aforesaid, and in the parish of Saint Ann, Limehouse, in the said county of Middlesex, as they or the said TVefi India dock company, shall judge necessary to be purchased, employed, taken down, removed, altered, or made use of in and about the works or concerns of the said canal, docks, basons, cuts, sluices, quays, or wharfs, warehouses, and other works, by this act authorised to be made, as herein is mentioned, or any of them, or enlarging or improving the same respectively, so as the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments so to be treated or agreed for, or purchased, shall be respectively situated, or shall arise or be within the boundary line or limits next herein after described; (that is to say). Within a boundary line formed by and coinciding with the bank or shore of the river Thames, from the south west corner of the dock yard and premises at Blackwall, belonging to and in the occupation of John Perry, along the said river upwards, according to the circuitous course thereof, round and including the east, south, and west (ides of the said Isle of Dogs, up to the north-west corner of a dock called The Lime Kiln Dock, at or near Limehouse Hole aforesaid, and from thence extending eastward along the north-west side of and including the same lime kiln dock, as far as the north-east corner thereof, and from thence extending eastward along the north brink or side of and including the common fewer there, as far as* the north-east corner of a field belonging to and now in the occupation of Thomas Drain, and from thence turning southward along and including a drain at the east end of the said field, as far as the south-west extremity of the gardens or garden grounds lying on the east side of the same last mentioned drain, and then turning eastward across a way or passage there, called Dingle's Laney and along the north side of a field belonging to and in the occupation of William Shelton, up to a road called Gut Lane, and then returning southward along the east side of the said road, as far as the north-west corner of'a field belonging to and in the occupation of William Newhy; and from thence extending eastward ^long the north side of the same field, and along the backs or south boundaries of the gardens belonging to the houses there {landing on the south side of the street called Poplar Street, as far as the north end of the rope manufactory, called Perry's Rope Ground, situated on the west side of the street called Blackwall Gaujeway, and continuing eastward along the north end of, and including the said rope grounds, to the north-east corner thereof, and continuing further eastward in the same line across a row of (beds, or other buildings there* into the said street, and from

1800.] 39 Geo. III. c. 69*.

thence returning southward along the west side of Blackwall Cause-way aforesaid, as far as such place or spot on the said west side as is opposite to the north-west corner of a messuage and premises on the east side of the said street or cause way, in the occupation of Edward Dounce, and then crofting the said street or causeway at right angles, and going eastward along the north end or boundary of the last mentioned messuage and premises, to the north-east corner thereof, and then returning southward along the backs or east boundaries of and including the messuages and premises there, in the respective occupations of Edward Dounce and Thomas Berry, and then returning eastward along the north side, and up to the north-east corner of the messuage and premises in the occupation of Richard Beefom, and then turning and proceeding southward in a direct line to the south-east corner of the messuage and premises in the occupation of Robert Jackson, and from thence continuing southward in a direct line to the north-east corner of the warehouses belonging to and in the occupation of captain Pelley, and from thence continuing south-ward along the backs or east boundaries of the same warehouses and premises down to the adjoining wharf and premises, belonging to and in the occupation of Thomas Newte, and then turning eastward along the north end, and southward along the east side of the last mentioned premises, down to the river Thames, at the south-west corner of the aforesaid dock yard and premises belonging to and in the occupation of John Perry.

XV. No person compellable to sell part of his premises, if willing to fell the whole, unless in certain cases,

XVI. Power of purchasing limited to five years.

XVII. When parties refuse, or are unable to treat, See. the court of mayor and aldermen to issue a precept for impanelling a jury; who are to be drawn as the act of 3 Geo. 2. directs. Jurymen may be challenged.

Jury to assess the value on oath. Verdict: of the jury, &c. to be final. Previous notice being given to parties intevefted.

XVIII. The justices at general or quarter sessions empowered to impqfe fines for non-attendance, Sec.

XIX. Bodies politick, Sec. trustees, and other persons, empowered to sell and convey lands, Sec.

XX. Bargains and sales to have the force of fines and recoveries.

XXI. Upon payment of the value agreed for, or assessed, the premises to be conveyed to the corporation of London. When a good title cannot be made, or legal conveyances executed, or the parties are not to be found, Sec. court to order the purchase money to be paid into the bank, Sec. subject: to the order of the court of chancery on motion or petition.

XXII. Mortgagees, on tender of principal and interest, to convey.

On refusal interest to cease.

XXIII. Upon payment of mortgage money into the bank, premises to vest in the corporation.

XXIV. Verdict: s and judgements, and receipts of cashiers of the bank, to be entered among the records. Immediately after verdict: s, judgements, payments, See. premises to vest in the city.

XXV. Purchase money of premises belonging to incapacitated persons,

&c. to be inverted in the purchase of other premises to be settled to the like uses; and in the mean time such money to be paid into the bank, and laid out in navy, vidmalling, or exchequer bills, in the name of the accountant general. But if such money be iefs than one hundred pounds, and not less than twenty pounds, the same to be paid to such persons as the parties entitled shall appoint, in trust, to be inverted in the purchase

458* Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

of other premises to be settled to the like uses 5 and in the mean time, such monies to be placed out on securities in the names of trustees, for the benefit of the parties entitled.

XXVI. Persons having any right, Sec. to enter their claims within a limited time, or be barred j

XXVII. But may recover the purchase money, &c. from persons receiving the same.

XXVIII. Tenants at will, See. to deliver possession on six months notice.

XXIX. Monies to be paid, or tendered, before any use made of the premises.

XXX. The messuages, lands, 5cc. to be purchased, and the canal, buildings, See. to be made and built by the common council, are to be vetted in the corporation. Corporation empowered to prosecute in a(e of damaees done to the works.

Power to let, fell, 5cc. any buildings, lands. Sec. not necessary for the puvposes of this act;

and to use or fell oM materials;

and to grant licences for building on parts of the greets, &c.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, to let, fell, or dispose of, or cause to be let, fold, or disposed of, all or any part or parts of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, so to be purchased as aforesaid, as may not be necessary to be retained for, and laid into, or made use of, in making, completing, supporting, maintaining, preserving, and managing the canal, docks, basons, cuts. Unices, quays, wharfs, warehouses, and other the said intended works hereby authorised to be made, together with all or any part or parts of the eredfions, buildings, and improvements, which shall-be built and made in or upon the same respectively, to such person or persons as shall be willing to contract, agree for, rent, or purchase the same, in such manner, upon such terms, and for such considerations as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall from time to time judge proper and think mofi: advantageous; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall and may use, or cause to be used, all or any part of the old materials of houses and other buildings, to be taken down, removed, or altered respectively, pursuant to this act, in or about the making and finishing of the aforesaid canal, cuts, new buildings, and other works, or any of them, hereby authorised to be made or done by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons; or the same materials, or any part thereof, shall and may fell, or cause to be sold, as they shall think fit.

XXXIII. And whereas it may be proper to build houses, or parts of houses, on forne parts of the present streets, ways, or pnjsages, intended to be altered or stopped up by virtue of this act: be it there^ fore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, for and in consideration gf such sum or sums of money, or yearly rent or rents, as they shall think reasonable, to grant unto the owner or owners of the freehold and inheritance of the ho use or houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, next adjoining in front to the said ground to be purchased, licence or licences, under the common seal of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens,

1800.] 39 Geo. III. c. 69*. 459*

of the said city of London, to build upon and inclose so much of the ground, and soil in the front of the said respective house or houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as they the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, shall judge fit and proper to be built upon; and the ground and soil so built upon in pursuance of such licence or licences, shall for ever, or for or during the time or term to be expressed in such licence or licences, and subject to the conditions therein to be contained, be annexed to the adjoining freehold; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Monies arising by leases, sales, or licences, to be appropriated to the purposes of this act.

XXXV. And whereas the right honourable Peter lord Gwydir, by virtue of and under certain letters patent, granted to him by the King's most excellent majesty, is entitled to the several mooring chains in the river Thames, between London Bridge and Bugby's Hole, therein described or mentioned, for the term of years, and subject to the yearly rent therein expressed: and whereas it is expedient for the purposes of this act, that all the estates, terms, and inter efts, of the said Peter lord Gwydir, and his assigns, in the said mooring chains, should be asigned or surrendered to his Majesty: be it therefore further enabled,

That the said Peter lord Gwydir and his assigns shall, and they Lord Gwy

are hereby required, within six months next after the passing of

this act, and upon receiving such compensation or satisfaction as chainstolbf

is herein after directed to be made to him and them, legally and assigned and

effectually to assign and surrender to the King's majesty, his heirs surrendered

and successors, all such mooring chains, and rights and interests to lus Ma-

relating to or concerning mooring chains, as are comprised in J

and expressed or intended to be granted and aemiled by the said

letters patent, and all the fees, dues, profits, and advantages thereof, and all the estates, terms, and interests, of the said Peter lord Gwydir, and his assigns, of and in the same respectively, to

the intent that such estates, terms, and interests, may be thereby

merged and extinguished; and in consideration thereof there shall be paid to the said Peter lord Gwydir, and his assigns, from and

out of the fund called The consolidated Fund, such compensation

or satisfaction in respect of the same mooring chains and premises as is herein after mentioned in that behalf.

XXXVI. After the surrender of the mooring chains, all rents and dues in respect thereof to cease.

XXXVII. Common council empowered to remove and alter the present mooring chains, and place others, under the inspection and approbation of the Trinity House.

XXXVIII. And whereas the ships in the West India- trade fre- Recitals,

questly arrive at the port ^London in large fleets, and occasion great the

crowding, confusion, and damage therein; and their cargoes being

carried in lighters to the legal quays, cai fe upon the said quays, and in docks, &c. the passage thither, great obstructions, inconvenience, and delay, and\w the Isle of are expojed to pilfering and fraud, whereby the ovoners sustain great tLe

lofts, and the publick revenue is much 'injured: and whereas if good and shipping^fuftfleient wet docks were made in the said Iffe of Dogs, with legal*quays and wharfs^ and also warehouses attached thereto^for the reception

460* Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

tion and discharge of Jkips and other vessels in the West India trade, great additional room, and much accommodation would be thereby given - to the reji of the flipping using the said port, and the West India produce might be effectually secured from loss by theft, or other causes, and the publick revenue greatly benefited', and it is therefore expedient that fuel? docks, with legal quays and wharfs, and warehouses attached thereto, and other works and conveniences for the use of flips and vessels employed in the West India trade, should be forthwith made and e/tab listed: and whereas the several persons next herein after named have agreed to be original members of and to form a company for that purpose, jointly with such other persons as fiall hereafter become original members thereof and have entered into a jubscription towards raising the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, as a capital, or jointflock or fund, for carrying into execution and completing the same works and improvements herein after more particularly mentioned.

Karnes of subsevibers. who, with the persons hereafter to become subsevibers, towards raising five hundred thousand pounds, are tobe united into a company of proprietors of the intended docks and their appurtenances, to be styled, "The West India Dock Company."

XXXIX. Sum so subscribed to be considered as a capital or joint stock. Stock to oe deemed personal estate, and transmissible as such.

XL. The proprietors empowered to fell and transfer their stock.

XLI No persons answerable for more than their respective stock.

XLII. Company to pay five p.r cent, as interest or dividends on the monies subscribed, until the docks and the works which shall belong thereto, shall be completed, and afterwards interest or dividends not exceeding ten pounds per centum.

XLIII. The company may increase their stock to six hundred thousand pounds.

XLIV. The company's directors empowered to audit accounts of receivers; and to make calls on the proprietors, not exceeding ten per cent, oftener than two months. Persons neglecting to comply with such calls, to forfeit five per cent, and may oe sued for their respective shares by the company; and if so neglecting for three calendar months, may either be so sued, or, at the option of the directors, to forfeit all their share and interest in the said undertaking, in favour of rest of the proprietors.

XLV. No advantage of any forfeiture to be taken until notice, nor unless

the lame be declared forfeited at a general meeting. Persons so forfeiting indemnified against actions subsequent thereto.

XLVI. Representatives of proprietors before call (no provision being made for the same) charged therewith as debtors; but on refusal or neglect to answer such call, company empowered to admit other persons as proprietors in their stead, on re-payment of all monies advanced by such deceased proprietor.

XLVII. First meeting of the company to be within thirty days after pasting this act; publick notice thereof in the Gazette and other newl'pa-pers. Subsequent general meetings to be within the city of London. No meeting held at less than seven days notice, both days inclusive. ^th^rec-

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That within one calendar tors of the month next after the pasting of this act the said company shall, at

fhid company, their first or same subsequent meeting, choose and appoint, by bal-and of the lot, thirteen persons of the members of the said company, who

and demt respe(^vety possessed of at least two thousand pounds of the chairman^said capital stock, and also eight other persons, four of whom

shall be aldermen of the city of London, and the remaining four

461*

1800.] 39 Geo. III. c. 69*.

common councilmen of the said city; and that such twenty-one persons so to be nominated and appointed shall be, and be called the directors for conducing and managing the affairs and business of the said company; and they the said directors shall choose and elect from among themselves two persons, to be the chairman and deputy chairman of the meetings of the said directors, and of the general meetings of the said company, and shall and may meet at such places within the city of London, and at such who shall time or times as the major part of such directors so assembled, the directors present not being less than five, shall deem conve- times for nient, for executing the powers given them by this a 6\ and if their meet-it shall so happen, that at any meeting of the said directors, or at inSs> any general meeting of the said company, neither the chairman nor deputy chairman so to be chosen as aforesaid shall attend, it shall be lawful for the major part of the directors then prefenr, to appoint a chairman for that occasion; and such directors lb to be appointed as aforesaid, shall continue in office until others con"

shall be chosen in their Heads, as herein after is mentioned,'>thers he unless any such director or directors respectively shall die, or be chosen in their removed, or any of the persons who shall have been so chosen Heads, unless directors from amongst the members of the said company, shall ^ey |h^M*er dispose of his or their respective share or shares or interest in the ordTfmialshed. said stock, so as to reduce the same to less than the said sum of two thousand pounds, or any of the aldermen or common councilmen, who shall have been appointed as aforesaid, shall cease to be an alderman or common councilman; in any of which cases a new or other director in the room of every such director so dying, being so removed, or having disposed of his or their said stock, or ceasing to be an alderman or common councilman, shall be appointed by the said company, from time to time, as occasion may require, in such and the same manner, and according to or under such conditions and reflrictions, as the director or directors so dead, removed, or disqualified, shall have been, or ought to have been, appointed; and such new director or directors so to be appointed as last mentioned, ill a 11 continue in office for such time or respective times, and no longer, as the director or directors in whose Head he or they shall be so respectively appointed ought to have continued in office, if such death or deaths, removal, or disqualification, had not happened.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That five A certain at least of the said twenty-one directors shall go out of office in rotation every year, and five others shall be appointed to succeed ou^of office*0 them in manner following, that is to say; Three of those who shall yearly, and have been appointed of and out of the members of the said others ap-company, shall go out of office every year, and the said company ]^nte4^shall appoint by ballot to succeed them, three other persons of uccee em* the members of the said company, who shall be respectively possessed of at least two thousand pounds of the said capital stock; and one alderman and one common councilman, being two others of the said directors who shall have been so appointed as aforesaid, shall also go out of office every year, and the said company

Two general meetings to be held yearly.

Qualification of voters at the general meetings.

Limitation to four votes.

Questions decided by vote.

Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

shall appoint by ballot another alderman and another common councilman to succeed them: provided also, That none of the said directors to be appointed under this act shall continue longer in the said office of director than four succeeding years, and therefore, and in order that the longer continuance of any of them in office, may be prevented, four at least of those directors who shall have been appointed of and out of the members of the said company, shall go out of office in rotation every fourth year, and the said company shall appoint by ballot to succeed them four other persons, of the members of the said company, who shall be respectively possessed of at least two thousand pounds of the said capital stock; and in regard that the said rotations cannot take place during the first three years after the passing of this act, the directors, who are to go out of office as aforesaid, at the end of each of the same three years, shall be ascertained and known by drawing lots for that purpose, at any of the meetings of the said directors, in such fair and proper manner as the said directors shall, in their discretion, agree to and approve of: provided also, That the persons who shall have served the said office of director shall, if otherwise properly qualified, be eligible to be re-chosen, after having been out of the said office for one year.

L. And be it further enacted, That two general meetings of the said West India dock company, at least, shall be held yearly, whereof one shall be in the first week of the month of January, and the other in the first week of the month of July, in every year; and such notices thereof respectively shall be given and fixed up as aforesaid.

LI. Any nine proprietors may request an extraordinary general meeting to be calied, by notice to the clerk or treasurer.

LII. And be it further enacted, That every person, or body politick or corporate, his, her* or their successors, executors, administrators, or assigns, who shall be a proprietor or proprietors of five hundred pounds and upwards of the said stock, and less than two thousand pounds, shall have one vote at every general meeting of the said company; or proprietor or proprietors of two thousand pounds or upwards, and less than five thousand pounds of the said stock, two votes at every such meeting; or proprietor or proprietors of five thousand pounds of the said stock and upwards, and less than ten thousand pounds, three votes at every such meeting; or proprietor or proprietors of ten thousand pounds and upwards of the said stock, four votes, and no more, in every general meeting to be held by the said company by virtue of this act; which vote or votes may be given by any body or bodies politick or corporate, by their attorney or representative lawfully authorised for such purpose; but no person shall hold more than one power of attorney, or be the representative of more than one such body; nor shall any person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, not entitled respectively to five hundred pounds or upwards of the said stock, have any vote or votes at any such meeting; and every question, matter, or thing, which shall be proposed, discussed, or considered in any general meeting of the

463*

1800.] 39 Geo. III. c. 69*.

said company, to be held by virtue of this act, shall be finally determined by the majority of votes then present; and if such votes Chairman to shall be equal, the chairman presiding at such meeting shall have ca^-

the calling vote, although he shall have given his vote or votes s'as proprietor or stockholder; and every question, if required by ?r by ballot, any five or more persons having votes, shall be determined by bailot, to be entered upon and completed forthwith, in which to have the*1 case the chairman for the time being shall in like manner have a calling vote, casting vote.

LIII. If the corporation of London shall be proprietors of part of the said Hock, the common council to appoint one per ton for every thousand pounds of such stock to be a representative for tre purpose of voting for the corporation at the general meetings; and each inch representative to have one vote only; and on the death, removal, &c. of any such representatives, the common council to appoint others instead; and if the corporation dispose of part of the stock, the number of such representatives is to be lessened in due proportion,

LIV. Qualification to vote by twelve months possession of stock.

LV. Five of the directors to be a quorum at their meetings. Questions to be decided by a majority.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said directors and Directors their successors, so from time to time to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and docks 8cc. empowered by themselves, their agents, workmen, and servants, on the Ifleof within the space of five years from and after the passing of this act, to design, lay out, make, and complete, according to such plan or plans, and in such manner and form as they (half approve of, one or more navigable dock or docks, bason or basons, and cut or cuts, with quays or wharfs, and warehouses adjoining, or attached to the same, or to any part or parts thereof, to be situated in such part of the said tract of land called The Isle of Dogs, as shall be to the northward of the said intended canal, and on part of the ground herein-before authorised and directed to be purchased for, and conveyed to, or vested in the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and their successors, and to communicate with the river Thames at or near Lime-house Hole aforesaid, and also at or near Blackwall aforesaid.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said directors shall Directors aland may also build, or cause to be built, from time to time, such bmfd^ua^ and so many quays, wharfs, and warehouses as they shall think war

necessary and proper, along the banks of, or adjoining or near houses adjoin-the said several intended docks and basons respectively, last herein- ing the docks before authorised to be made, or any of them, convenient and and hafjns. sufficient for the trade and business of the docks, and for the landing and discharging, lading and shipping of any goods, wares, or merchandise, that shall or may, at any time or times, be legally landed or shipped at the said quays or wharfs.

LVIII. And be it also enacted, That such of the said docks as A wall and shall be used for the unloading of ships, together with the quays, ditch to be warehouses, and other buildings to be made and built upon or ^dVmund near the banks thereof, shall be surrounded and enclosed by a the dock for jstrong and durable brick or stone wall, not'less than thirty feet unloading high on all fides, leaving only proper spaces in such wall for the ibips, andfo

Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

cuts and other necessary entrances into such dock; and for the proper and necessary gateways through the said wall; and immediately without the said wall, and on every part of the outside thereof, except where it shall adjoin any dock or bason which may be made without the same, there shall be a ditch of twelve feet at lead, which shall be always kept filled with water to the depth of not less than six feet; and which said wall and ditch the said directors are hereby authorised and required to build and make accordingly; and no house or other building shall on any account or pretence whatsoever, be hereafter erected on the outside of the said wall, and within the space of one hundred yards There from; and if any person or persons shall hereafter ereift any house or other building whatsoever, on the outside of the said wall, and within the last mentioned distance therefrom, he, she, or they so offending, shall, for such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, and also the further sum of fifty pounds for evpry month during which such offender or offenders shall permit such house, or other building, or any of the materials thereof, to stand or remain within that distance from the said wall,

and to build

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the walhnVIIime"* directors to build, repair, and maintain two or more piers

house Hole to w*inhe tide way of the river Thames, at or near Blackwall facilitate the aforesaid, and two or more piers within the tide way of the said entrances into river, at or near Limehouse Hole aforesaid, to the intent that ships, the docks, &c. barges, and other vessels, may safely and conveniently enter into and go out1 of the said intended docks, basons, and cuts, last hereby authorised to be made: provided nevertheless, That such piers shall not be built so as to injure the navigation of the said river.

LX. Power to make and repair cuts, sluices, bridges, roads, &c.

LXI. Drains to be made, to carry off water from private property.

LXII. The directors empowered to flop up, alter, and build sewers. Such new sewers, not being within the dock walls, to be vested in and under the direction of the commissioners of sewers for the Tower Hamlet9.

LXIII. Power to the directors to make and maintain draw and swivel bridges.

LXIV. Power to alter and divert highways.

LXV. Power to get materials, and remove obstructions in adjoining lands; and to lay materials on the adjoining premises, satisfying the owners.

LXVI. Power to make bricks, and to take sand from the river.

LXVII. Persons not to take sand from the bed of the river without written authority.

LXVIII. Power to supply the docks, &c. with water from the river Thames, &c. and to make feeders, See. for that purpose.

LXIX. Power to repair works damaged by floods.

LXX. Power to scour the docks, &c. and remove wrecks, Sec.

LXXI. Power to cleanse adjoining water-courses, at the land owner's expence.

LXXII. No flips, &c. for building or repairing ships, to be made in or adjoining the docks; nor company concerned in building or repairing ships.

LXXIII. The making and using of the docks, See. not to prejudice or obstruct the canal.

LXXIV. And, for more effectually enabling the said directors to

464*

close the quays and warehouses;

1806.] 39 Geo. III. c. 69*.

lay out, male and complete, and use and enjoy the said doclsy basons* cuts, last hereby authorised to be made, tf/zd for pre-

v'tously vesting the land or ground whereon the same are or fall be intended to be situatedy a fid the fee jimple and inheritance thereof in trufees, for the benefit of the said company; be it further enacted,

That asffoon as conveniently may be after the lands or grounds whereon the same lass mentioned docks, basons, cuts, and other ^ireftofs to6 works, are or shall be intended to be situated, and the fee simple make the and inheritance thereof shall be vested in the mayor and com- docks, &c. monaity and citizens of the city of London, and their successors, ^it shall be lawful for them, the said mayor and commonalty and ? to noncitizens* and their successors, and they are hereby authorised andveythe required, at the cods and charges of the said company, and by ground, such good and sufficient deeds, conveyances, and assurances in where the the law, as the said directors, or any five or more of them, or be^huated their council in the law, shall advise and require, to grant, con- to fix truths vey, and assure unto fix persons to be chosen and appointed by in fee, in trust

the said directors, or any five or more of them, and approved for the com-

of by the said company at a general meeting, and to the heirs P*11?4 smd assigns of such fix persons, so many, or all such parcel or parcels, of the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which shall lie or be to the northward of the said intended canal, and beyond the distance of one hundred feet therefrom, and which shall be part of the ground so as aforesaid authorised to be purchased in the said Ifie of Dogs, as shall, in the judgement of the said directors for the time being, be proper, necessary, and sufficient for making the same docks, basons, cuts, and other works; and all the rights, members, and appurtenances

belonging, or which shall then belong, to the same houses,

buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments so to be conveyed; to hold the same unto and to the use of the said fix persons, their heirs and assigns for ever, or for all such estates, terms, and interests, as the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, or their successors, shall have or be entitled to therein respectively; which said fix persons, their heirs and assigns, shall thenceforth stand and be seised of and interested in the same, in trust for, and for the proper use and benefit of the said company of proprietors, and their successors, executors, administrators, and assigns, holding for the time being shares in the said stock: anffforand in consideration of the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and other hereditaments, so to be conveyed and assured [he^of the as last mentioned, the said company of proprietors shall at or company to before the executing of such conveyance, well and truly reim- reimburse burse and pay to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, what the cor-or their successors, all such sum and Turns of money as they for

shall have paid and disbursed, as and for the purchase money, the same, and the other costs and charges attending the purchase, of the same.

LXXV. Whensoever, by means of death or otherwise, the number of the last mentioned trustees shall become less than four, the diredfors to elect so many others as may make up fix, to be approved of at a general

The lord mayor empowered to appoint harbour matters:

their powers.

Public Locakand Personal Acts [1800.

meeting, and then the dock premises are to be vested in the continuing and new trustees jointly.

LXXVL If the common council shall for three months refuse or neglect to purchase the premises which ought to be purchased and conveyed to trustees for the company as aforesaid, the directors are empowered to purchase the same instead of the common council; and the premises so to be purchased are to be conveyed to, and vested in, the company's trustees.

LXXVII. In case any of the premises purchased shall become vested in the corporation of London, who shall neglect to convey the same to the company's trustees, within two months thereafter, on tender of what the corporation shall have paid for the same, then the premises shall vest in the said trustees, in trutt for the company, 'as if legally conveyed.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the lord mayor of the city of London for the time being, as conservator of the river Thames, and he is hereby required, from time to time, as occasion shall be, to nominate and appoint under the limitations and restrictions herein after mentioned, a proper person or proper persons to be harbour master or harbour matters, of, in, and for the said port of London, and the said canal, and other works which shall be made in pursuance of this act, (except the said docks and their appurtenances, and except such parts of the river Thames at Limehouse Hole and Blackwall aforesaid, as shall be within the distance of two hundred yards from any entrance out of the said river there into the works of the said company), and to remove, suspend, or, upon sufficient cause, dismiss the same; which harbour master or harbour inafters shall have full power and authority (but subject to the regulations and restrictions herein after expressed) to direct the entering, mooring, unmooring, moving and removing of all ships and other vessels, lighters, and craft, except those of the said corporation of the Trinity House, coming into, lying or being in the said port, canal, and cuts, or any of them, except the said docks and their appurtenances, and such parts of the said river as are last herein-before excepted, as to the time or times and manner of their entrance into, lying in, or going out of the same, and their respective births, stations, positions, loading and discharging the rein, and the time or times of opening or (hutting the several gates of the said canal; and in case the owner, matter, pilot, servant, or other person having the charge or command, of any ship or other vessel, except as last aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to moor, unmoor, move, or remove the same, according to such direction, within twelve hours after notice to him or them given in writing, or left with some person or persons on board the said ship or vessel for that purpose, that then it shall be lawful for the said harbour master or harbour matters, and his or their assistants, and such proper persons as he or they may direct, and he and they is and are hereby required to moor, unmoor, move, or remove such ship or vessel; and the charges and expences thereof respectively shall be repaid, together with a (urn not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds for each offence, by the master or owner or other person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, and may be recovered

1860.*

467*

by the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, or their successors, of the owner of such ship or vessel, in case of ndn-payment thereof, on demand, by such ways and means as penalties and forfeitures are by this' acte to be recovered; which said penalty. Penalty on when recovered, shall be paid over to the uses herein after mentioned and in case any matter, commander, mate, pilot, or cailfifl, other person or persons taking the command of any ship or other ftrii&iohs; vessel, or any other person or persons virhosoever, shall obstruct or hinder the mooring, Unmooring, moving, or removing of any ship or other vessel in the said port, (except also as last aforesaid), or in the said canal, or any of the said cuts and other works, the said docks and their appurtenances excepted* such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

LXXIX. Harbotir mafhrs to be approved of by the corporation of the Trinity Hotife, who may procure them to be removed on sufficient Cause.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Directors* or the said directors, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby required, from time to time, as there shall be occasion, to npp0; rit a?*to nominate and appoint a proper person or proper persons to be dock matter, dock maker or dock matters, he or they first producing, after to beapproved being duly examined before: the said matter, wardens, and by the ^or-assistants of the Trinity House, legally assembled, a certificate or tbetrinity certificates from them the said matter, wardens, and attistants, of House. the proper qualifications of such person or persons to execute the office of dock matter; and the said directors also shall or may from time to tirhe, as they shall see cause, remove, suspend, or dismiss any such dock matter or dock matters $ which dock matter His powers* or dock matters, so to be from time to time appointed, shall have full power and authority (but subject to the regulations and restrictions herein after expressed) to diredf the mooring; unmooring, moving, or removing of all ships and other vessels, lighters, and craft, coming into, lying, or being in the said docks, and the basons and cuts which shall belong thereto, or any of them, and coming into, lying, or being in such parts of the river Thames at Limehotife Hole and Bladwall aforesaid, as shall be within the said dittance of two hundred yards from any entrance but of the said river there into the works of the said company* as to the time or times and manner of their entrance into, lying in, or going out of or from the same docks, basons, and cuts* and parts Of the said river, and their position, loacting, and discharging therein respectively and the time or times of opening or shutting the several gates of the said works 5 and in case the owner, matter* pilot, servant, of other person having the charge or command of any ship Or other vessel* shall refuse or neglect to moor, unmoor, move* or remove the same according to such diretfion, immediately after notice to him or them given In writing, or left with some person or persons on board the said ship or vessel for that purpose, that then it shall be lawful for the:

468* Public Local and Personal Acts*[1800.

said dock matter or dock matters*, or his or their assistants, and

he and they is and are hereby required to moor, unmoor, move, or remove such ship or vessel, and the charges and expences thereof respectively shall be repaid, together with a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds for each offence,

Penalty on

matters, &c. by the matter or owner or other person having the charge or

of vyMels command of such ship or vessel, and may be recovered by the

can (ins ob-

flrudions. treasurer for the time being of the said company from the owner

of such ship or vessel, in case of non-payment thereof on demand, by such ways and means as penalties and forfeitures are by this actt to be recovered; which laid penalty, when recovered, shall be paid over to the uses herein after mentioned; and in case any matter, commander, mate, pilot, or other person or persons taking the command, of any ship or other vessel, or the owner, agent, consignee, or any other person or persons whosoever, shall obstruct or hinder the mooring, unmooring, moving, or removing of any ship or other vessel in the said docks, or in the basons and cuts which shall belong thereto, or in any such parts of the river Thames, at Limehouse Hole and Blackwall aforesaid, as shall be within the distance of two hundred yards from any entrance out of the said river there into the works of the said company, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed: provided always, That such dock matter or dock matters shall not moor, or cause to be moored or stationed, any ship or vessel in such place or in such manner as shall obstruct or render incommodious the entrances into or out of the canal hereby authorised to be made.

LXXXI. The directors may annul any orders of dock matters, and give others.

LXXXII. Orders given by the directors, harbour matters, or dock matters, shall not acted the responsibility of the person having the charge of any ship or vessel.

LXXXIII. The canal to be under the prGtedion of the lord mayor, as conservator of the river Thames, as if actually part of the river.

LXXXIV. Canal, new docks, &c. to be parts of the port of London, and vessels, &c. retorting thereto, to be subject to the several present port regulations and duties.

LXXXV. Goods, &c. landed or shipped upon or from the intended quays or wharfs, in the new docks, subject to the same regulations, Sec, as if landed or shipped upon or from the present legal quays.

LXXXVI. The quaysJn such of the docks as shall be walled round, are to be legal quays.

The West In-

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That for and during cha ships are the term of twenty-one years, commencing from and next ensuing to ).->nd their the time when the said' dock or docks, quays or wharfs, and to t^dorK* warehouses, to be made and built by the said directors as afore-and the King's said, shall be so far completed as to be fit and ready for the re* duties are to ception of-ships and goods, all the ships and Vessels which shall beatoertained arrive or come from any part of thb West Indies into the river no Wiic-ie el e. <ftjhl?nes^ with cargoes of WeflTtdia produce, shall unload and land the whole of their respectivb cargoes within tome or one of the said clocks, or on the quays* or wharfs which shall belong

v thereto \

1800.] 39 Geo. III. c. 69*. 469*

thereto; and the duties which shall be payable to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, in respect of the same, shall thereupon, during the said term, be ascertained at such quays or wharfs, and not elsewhere; and the goods, wares, and merchandize, being West India produce, in respect whereof such duties shall be payable, shall or may afterwards be stored or deposited in the adjoining warehouses, or any such other warehouses as the owners or consignees thereof respectively shall think proper: and in case any fireh goods, wares, or merchandize, being Forfeitures West India produce, shall, at any time or times during the said md penalties term of twenty-one years, be landed from any fhi p or vessel in the West India trade, in any other place or places in or near the port fJeh cargoes of London, than the said quays or wharfs within the said dock or elsewhere. docks, then, and in every such case, the goods, wares, or merchandize, so to be landed, shall be forfeited t6 his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall or may be lawfully seized accordingly, by any of the officers of his Majesty's customs or excise, and disposed of according to law; and the owner, or owners, or matter of any such ship or vessel, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is mentioned.

LXXXVIII. Provided always nevertheless, That all such But. so much part or parts of the respecttive cargoes of the ships or other vessels P\e ^ar arriving or coming, during the said term from the West Indies ^sr^Ja into the river Thames, as shall consist of tobacco, shall as soon coniift of to-after being unshipped in some or one of the said docks as con- bacco is, as veniently may be, and without any previous ascertainment of loon as-may be the duties thereof, be transmitted or conveyed in carts or decked ^nfhiin lighters to some or one of the King's tobacco warehouses for the the docks, to time being, at the charges of the said West India dock company, be conveyed who shall be entitled to, and receive from the respective owners to, tLlevin5 5 or consignees thereof, or their respective fadfors or agents, and

tobacco warehouses, with-

that before the said tobacco shall be taken out of the said dock out previoiffly premises, such recompence or satisfaction for so conveying the ascertaining same, and after such rate, as shall not exceed what for the time the King s being shall be the whole expence of conveying tobacco from the du KS* tobacco ships at their proper moorings in the said port, to the King's tobacco warehouses.

LXXXIX. Provided also nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That if at any time or times it should happen, that And if at any by reason of the said docks being filled with shipping, or of some accident, or other cause, any ship or ships, vessel or vessels, ^nm>t be* which shall have come from the West Indies into the river admitted into Thames, cannot be admitted into and unloaded in and at the the docks, the said docks, quays, and works of the said company, pursuant to commUfioners this act, theni and in every such case, it shall be lawful for any a^Uauthoidfe three or more of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in tht/cargoc-s of England, for the time being, to permit the cargo of any such those particu-ship or vessel to be landed and discharged at such other legal to

quay or quays, or other place or places within the port of Lon- 0^erlegd t don-) as they the said of shall direct and appoint. quays. "

Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

mifiloners of pustoms shall <0 order and direct.

470*

Ships arriving

XC. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That at thinthe any*me or t*mes Paid docks, quays, or wharfs, and

Welt indies warehouses, shall be ready for the reception of ships and goods, with Welt if shall be lawful for any three or more of the commissioners of India produce his Majesty's customs ir> England, by wViting under their hands, dkctar*'eVuch to or<^er anc^jrec5l that any ship or ships, vessel or vessels, which produce^vkh-arfive or co, me into the river Thames from any other part or in one of the parts of the world than the West Isidles, with gQQds, wares, or docks, if any merchandize on board of the growth and produce of the TV eft t!'rThecoTnr^n^es> unlad and land f much of her or their cargo, or

respective cargoes, as shall confitt of any such last mentioned goods, wares, or merchandize, within some or one of the said docks, or on the quays or wharfs which shall belong thereto* and that the King's duties in respect of the same shall thereupon be ascertained at such quays or wharfs, and not elsewhere; and that every such order, after being delivered on board of uny such ship or vessel, to or for the person having the charge or command thereof, shall be obeyed accordingly; and if any such goods, wares, or merchandize, being of the growth or produce of the West Indies, shall be afterwards landed from such ship or vessel, in any other place or places in or near the port of London, than the said quays or wharfs within the said dock or docks, then, and in every such case, the goods, wares, and merchandize so to be landed, shall be forfeited to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall or may be lawfully seized accordingly by any of the officers of his Majesty's customs or excise, and disposed of according to law, and the owner or owners, or matter of any such ship or vessel, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is mentioned; and after all the goods, wares, or merchandize, of the growth or produce of the West Indies, on board of such ships respectively arriving in any of the said docks from any other part or parts than the West Indies, shall be un-shipped in any of the said docks as aforesaid, and the proportionate duty of six shillings and eight-pence per ton, herein after made payable in respect thereps, shall be paid, such ships shall be forthwith permittee} to go into the river Thames, to discharge the remainder of their respective cargoes.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That, for and during the term of twenty-one years, commencing from and next ensuing

Outward-bound West

toload^n^he ^me w^en docks, quays, or wharfs, and warehouses

docks or in the river below the entrance into the c; -malat Blackwell.

shall be ready for the reception of ships and goods, all such of the ships and vessels belonging to or frequenting the port of London as tt}all be used in the West India trade, shall, when and so often as the same shall be oqtward bound to the West Indies* ship or take in all their respective cargoes, and be loacted, either in some or one of the said docks, or in such part of the river Thames as shall be below the entrance into the said canal at Black-wail aforesaid; and if any such ship or vessel, being so out-wardbound to the West Indies, shall ship or take in any part of her Cargo in the said port or river elsewhere than in some or one

1800.] 39 Geo. III. c. 69*. 471*

of the said docks, or than below the entrance into the said canal at Blackwall, then and in every such case the owner or owners, or master of such ship or veil'd, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is mentioned: provided nevertheless.

That every or any such ship or vessel, when engaged to take on board naval stores at the King's dock yard or victualling office at Deptford for his Majesty's service, shall be permitted so to do, on producing to the dock master, or his known assistant, a certificate of such ship or vessel being so engaged, under the hand or hands of any one or more of the commissioners of his Majesty's navy or victualling, who are hereby authorised and required to grant such certificates for that purpose.

XCII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That Harbour the said harbour masters and dock masters so to be appointed as palters and aforesaid, shall, in executing the powers hereby given to them ^r^eers respectively, always observe, comply with, and use, their bed certain direr-endeavours to enforce the regulations and directions contained in tions in two the act of parliament of the nineteenth year of the reign of his Pnor present Majesty, chapter the fifty-eighth, for preventing vessels which shall have come from or shall be bound to any foreign parts, from being removed out of the stream in the said port with gopds on board, except to the lawful quays; and also the regulations and directions contained in the act of parliament of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter the sixty-eighth, for mooring ships, and importing tobacco at such place in the said port as the commissioners of the customs shall appoint, so far as the same regulations and directions in the two last mentioned acts of parliament respectively shall not obstruct, moled, or interfere with the free use and enjoyment of the said docks and canal, and the basons, cuts, and other works which shall belong thereto respectively, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

XCIII. Harbour and dock masters, lock keepers, &c. to give no preference.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the For regular said canal, docks, basons, and cuts, or any of them, shall be so jnS the moor-far completed as to admit ships, vessels, or craft to enter therein, no ship or other vessel shall lie at either of the mooring tiers in trances into the river 'Thames, immediately above or below the entrance or the canal, respective entrances into the same canal, dock or docks, bason or docks, basons, basons, cut or cuts, but those only which are intended to go and cuts* into, or within twelve hours last past shall have come out of the said canal, or any of such docks, basons, or cuts; and that every master and pilot, and all and every other persons and person having the charge or command of any ship or vessel lying at the said tiers, shall remove therefrom such ship or vessel under his or their command, whenever so required by the said harbour mailer or harbour masters, dock master or dock masters, his or their assistant or assistants, by an order, left with some person or persons on board the said ship or vessel, in writing for that purpose, within

twelve hours after each notice for removal, under the penalty of 3 sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor Jess than five pounds, for every twenty-four hours any such ship or veil'd shall remain at either of the said tiers, after the time limited by such notice left in writing.

XCV. No vettTtl to enter into or navigate in the works under fail,

XCVI. Draw bridges and swivel bridges to be fattened, after vessels shall have patted.

XCVII. For preventing obstructions and nuisances in the port, canal, docks, See. Penalties on persons obstructing the navigation, or wantonly, &c. opening lock gates, &c. and letting oJf water, or buffering vettfels to strike upon bridges or locks.

XCVIII. Vessels not to land goods in the docks, &c. at other places than quays and landing places, on penalty of one hundred pounds.

XCIX To prevent other nuisances in the port, canal, docks, &c.

C. Mills, &c. not to'draw off water from the works without corifent.

Cl. Vessels to unload within the docks as soon as may be, and then to be removed. Power for dock matter, or his assistant, to order but light vettfels; and on every neglect to remove them, the parties so neglecting to forfeit ten pounds; and the dock matter or his attfistants may remove such vessels; and the charges thereof, on non-payment, to be levied by distress and sale.

Vettfels to land gunpowder before entering the dock premises, and other com buttible matter to be removed within twelve hours.

JFire, candles, or lamps, not to be lighted Jtt the docks,

&c.

CII. And be it further enacted, That all such ships, lighters, barges, boats, and other vessels, as. shall respectively have on board any gunpowder, exceeding the quantity of one pound, shall respectively, before they enter any of the said intended docks, or of the basons and cuts which shall belong thereto, land and discharge all their gunpowder, and unload and clear their guns; and that no tar, pitch, rosin, hemp, flax, faggots, furze, turpentine, oil, hay, straw, tallow, grease, (havings of wood, or combustible matter of any kind, shall be suffered to be cr remain on the quays or wharfs intended to be built in or near the said docks as aforesaid, or any part thereof, or upon the deck of any ship or other vessel in the said docks, basons, and cuts, or any of them, above the space of twelve hours; and that in case the owner or owners of such goods, matters, or other things, or the commander, matter, or mate of any such ship or other vessel, shall make default herein, every such person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lets than five pounds.

CIII. Andy for more effectually preventing accidents by fire in the said docks and dock premises, be it further enacted, That no person whosoever shall have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any fire, candle, or lamp, lighted within any of the said docks, or of the basons, cuts, quays, wharfs, warehouses, and other works which shall belong thereto, at any time or times whatsoever, (except only necessary lamps by the Tides of ways without the dock wails, and such fires or lighted candles or lamps as shall be necessary to be used in the making, building, finittnng, repairing, altering, or improving of the same docks, basons, cuts, quays, wharfs warehouses, and other works, or any of them), upon pain of forfeiting for every such offence alum not exceeding ten pounds nor less than five pounds.

CIV. Persons setting fire to the works or vettfels in the docks, Sec. guilty of felony without benefit of clergy; and persons otherwise wilfully damaging

1800.] 39 Geo. III. c. 69*. 473*

maging the works of vessels, made liable to fine and imprisonment, or {ransportation,

CV. Penalty against destroying ropes of ships.

CVI. Penalty on breaking or extinguishing lamps.

CVII. Masters and owners answerable for damages done by their officers and servants.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Power to the the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council common assembled, from time to time, to make, ordain, and establish

council to make bye

such bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, for the good go- iavvS) rules, vernment of the said harbour masters, and of all clerks, treasurers, orders, and collectors, engineers, surveyors, workmen, watchmen, lighter- regulations,

men, labourers, and others, to be appointed and employed by and ana?^ them the said.mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common excepting the council assembled, under or by virtue of this aeft, and for the docks and better regulating, governing, and managing of the several works, their appur-matters, accounts, and things by this aeft authorised and directed tenances; to be made, done, and performed by them, as well whiift the same are doing as after they shall be finished and completed, and for the more safe and convenient navigating, placing, mooring, unmooring, and removing of ships and other vessels on the river Thames9in and near the said port, and in the said canal, and the basons which may belong thereto, (excepting the docks, basons, cuts, and other works which shall belong to the said West India dock company, and such parts of the river Thames, at Limehouse Hole and Blackwall aforesaid, as shall be within the distance of two hundred yards from any entrance, out of the said river there, into the same works), and for the better governing and regulating of all masters of vessels, pilots, lightermen, and others, within the said port, and the said canal and its appurtenances,

(except as before excepted), and for preventing damage being done to shipping, lighters, and craft, or to any goods, wares, or merchandize, by the issuing of water from houses or buildings, and such other lawful and reasonable bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, as they shall deem necessary and expedient for the due execution of this act, so as the same respectively be not contrary to nor inconsistent with this aeft, or any of the regulations enacted hereby, or by any other aeft or acts of parliament in-force at or immediately before the pasting of this aeft, and not hereby repealed or altered; and also from time to time, as they shall see an^reP^ab occasion, to repeal, annul, add to, amend, and alter such bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, or any of them, in such same; manner as 'to-them the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall seem meet or requisitey and to and to fix fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary penalties, not exceeding non-observ-1* forty shillings, for the non-observance, non-performance, or anCe, not other breach of such bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, or exceeding any of them; and the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in forty killings, common council assembled, shall cause such of the said bye laws. Bye laws to rules, orders, and regulations as they shall think fit, to be printed and distributed in the port of London, and affixed upon or near 1 11 u c*some publick and conspicuous parts of the quays or wharfs in the

474. Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

said port, and upon some other publick and conspicuous places How such pe- adjacent; and all such penalties shall be recovered by distress and waltits are tp fa]e of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the be levied. hand and seal, or hands and seals, of any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, city, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, or the offender or offenders found, rendering the overplus (if any), on demand to the person or persons whose goods or chattels shall be so distrained \ which penalties shall be applied as herein after is directed; and if no sufficient distress can be found, it shall be lawful for any such julVice or justices of the peace to commit such offender or offenders to any prison within the jurisdiction of such justice or just tices, upon due proof being made before him or them, on the oath or oaths of one or more person or persons, of such offence being committed, there to be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding twenty days, or until such penalty or penalties shall be sooner paid.

Directors ena-

CIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for powered to the said directors, or any five or more of them, from time to laws*1 rules time, to make, ordain, and establish such bye laws, rules, orders, orders, and and regulations for the observapee apd good government of the regulations said directors, and of all dock masters, clerks, treasurers, col-for the docks Jedfors, engineers, surveyors, workmen, watchmen, lightermen, purtenances* labourers, and others appointed and employed on behalf of the said company, under or by virtue of this act, and for the better regulating, governing, and managing the several works, matters, accounts, and things by this authorised and directed to be made, done, and performed by the said directors, as well whilst the same are doing as after they shall be finished and completed, and for the more safe and convenient shipping and lacting, landing and discharging, carrying and conveying, laying and depositing of goods, wares, and merchandize upon, to, and from the quays or wharfs and warehouses, which are to be in or belonging to the said docks, and for the employing, better governing, and regulating porters, carters, and carmen, and others carrying goods, or using or driving horses, trucks, carts, fledges, or other carriages for conveying goods, wares, or merchandize to and from the same quays, wharfs, and warehouses, and of all master9 of vessels, pilots, lightermen, and others, within the said dock premises, and such other lawful and reasonable bye Jaws, orders, rules, and regulations, as they shall deerq necessary and expedient for the due execution of the powers and authorities hereby given to them, so as the same respectively be not contrary to nor inconsistent with this aeft, or any of the regulations enacted hereby, or by any other act or acts of parliament in force at or immediately before the passing of this act, and not $nd may re- hereby repealed or altered; and also from time to time, as they F>cT amend, shall fee occasion, to repeal, annul, add to, amend, or alter such same*-10* hye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, as to them the said and may fix directors, or any five or more of them, shall seem meet or re-penahici for quisite; and affix and appoint reasonable pecuniary penalties,

*8o.] 39 Geo. III. c. 69*. 475*

not exceeding forty shillings for any one offence, for the non- nomobserv-observance, non-performance, or other breach of all or any such an^? bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, or any part of them; nralm^s.^and the said directors, or any three or more of them, shall cause such of the same bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, as Bye laws to they shall think fit, to be printed and distributed in the port London, and affixed upor) or near some publick and conspicuous parts of the quiiys or wharfs in or belonging to the said port and docks, and upon some other publick and conspicuous places adjacent; and all such penalties shall be recovered by distress and Penalties how sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the to be lev*eci* hand and feaJ, or hands and seals, of any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex, and applied to the use of the said company as herein after is directed, rendering the overplus (if any) to the person or persons whose goods or chattels shall be so distrained; and in case no sufficient distress can be found, it shall be lawful for any such justice or justices of the peace to commit such offender or offenders to any prison within the jurisdicSfion of such justice or justices, upon due proof being made before him or them, on the oath or oaths of one or more person or persons, of such offence being committed, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding twenty days, or until such penalty or penalties shall be sooner paid.

CX. Such last mentioned bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, to be subject to the controul of the company. Company may inspect bye Jaws, and alter or annul any of them.

CXI. Proviso that the bye laws, rules, qrders, and regulations, shall be made, altered, or repealed, with the approbation of the lord chancellor, the chief justices of King's bench or common pleas, or chief baron of the exchequer, and not otherwise.

CXII. Copies of bye laws, and of alteration of bye laws, are to be sent to the Trinity ttoufe before the same be allowed by the judges.

CXIII. Compensation to be made for the tithes of the lands and other premises to be taken.

CXIV. The average price of wheat may be re-ascertained at the end of every fourteen years, for the purpose of making such compensations.

CXV. Remedy for recovering compensation for tithes.

CXVI. Compensation to be made by the corporation of London for deficiencies of assessments for land tax, and paving, cleansing, lighting, and poors' rates.

CXVII. Compensation to be made by the West India dock company for deficiencies of affi Aments for land tax, and paving, cleansing, lighting, and poors' rates.

CXVIII. Compensation to be made for deficiencies of fewer rates.

Remedy for recovering the same.

CXIX. Compensation to be made to lord Gwydir and his assigns, in respect to their interest in the mooring chains.

CXX. Compensation to be made to his Majesty for relinquishment of rents and profits of mooring chains.

CXXI. Compensation to be made to the owners, &c. of, and persons employed on, any quays or wharfs, or other tenements, which may be rendered less, valuable, by reason of the intended works, and to the governors of Christ's Kospital (if necessary) on account of car-room.

CXXII. When parties ref use or are unable to agree for compensation, juries for ascertaining the same may be empanelied, and how. Jurymen may be challenged. Jury to award the amounts of compensations on path. Verdict of the jury, fyc, to be final. Previous notice being given 0 parties interested.

Rate? appointed to be paid to his Majesty for veHtrls tiling the port of London.

Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

CXXIII. The of empowered to impose fines for non-attendance, &c.

CXXIV. Bodies politick, Sec. trustees and other persons empowered to agree for compensation,

CXXV. When a good title to compensation money cannot be shewn, or parties entitled thereto cannot be found. See. such money to be paid into the bank, subject to the order of the court of chancery on motion or petition. '

CXXVI. Purchase monies how to be inveiled. But if such money be less than 100l. and not less than 201, the same to be paid to such persons as the parties entitled shall appoint, in trull, to be invested in the purchase of other premises, to be settled to the like uses; and in the mean time such monies to be placed out in securities, in the names of trustees for the benefit of the parties entitled.

CXXVII. Verdicts, judgements, &c. concerning compensations, and receipts of cashiers of the bank for comped fat ion monies, to be entered among the records of the lord major's court, or general or quarter fe Hi 011s. '

CXXVIII. No claims to be made for such last mentioned compensations till three years alter notice of the docks, &c. being ready for use; and all such claims are to be made and entered in a book, within one year alter the expiration of the said term of three years, or otherwise to be barred.

CXXIX. Claimants may recover compensation money from persons who shall have wrongfully received the same.

CXXX. Appointment of the commissioners of compensations.

CXXXI. For the appointment of of of compensation in the room of those who shall die, or decline, or become incapable to act.

CXXXII. Oath for commissioners of compensation.

CXXXIII. Commissioners empowered to administer oaths.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in consideration of the great accommodation and advantage which the several works and regulations hereby authorised to be made will afford to the shipping and trade of the said port, and in consideration of the great charges and expences which will be occasioned by the making, building, erecting, and providing of the said canals, cuts, ftuices, bridges, roads, and other works, herein-before authorised to be made by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, there shall be payable and paid to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, or to his or their collators, receivers, or agents, from and after the hrfl day of August next after the pasting of this act, for and during the term of fourteen years from thence next ensuing, for every ship or other vessel trading to, frequenting, or using, the said port of London, of which, the said intended canal, docks, and other works are to be parts as aforesaid, by the matter or other person having the charge or command, or the owner or owners, of such ship or other vessel, according to the tonnage burden thereof respectively, the several rates or duties of tonnage next herein after particularly rated and described; (that is to say),

Lift of rates. First.class  For every ship or other vessel, trading coastwise, between the port of London and any port or place in Great Britain, the Orkneys, Shetland, or the western islands of Scotland, there shall be paid for every voyage both in and out of the said port, inclusive, qne penny per ton.

Second class-  For every ship or other vessel entering inwards,

1800.] 39 Geo. III. c. 69*. 4JH*-

or arriving in the said port from Denmark, Norway, or Lapland, (on this side of the North Cape), or from Holstein, Hamburgh,

Bremen, or any other part of Germany bordering on or near the Germanic Ocean, or from Holland, or any other of the United Provinces, or from Brabant, Antwerp, Flanders, or any other part of the Netherlands, or from France, (within Ujbant), Guernsey,

Jersey, Alderney, Sark, Ireland, or the Isle of Man, one penny farthing per ton.

And for every ship or other vessel clearing outwards in, or departing from the said port to any of the countries, parts, or places last herein-before mentioned, one penny farthing per ton.

Third class  For -every ship or other vessel entering inwards, or arriving in the said port from Lapland, (beyond the North Cape), Finland, Russia, (without or within the Baltic Sea), Livonia, Courland, Poland, Prussia, Sweden, or any other country or place within the Baltic Sea, two-pence per ton.

And for every other. vessel clearing outwards in, or departing from the said port to any of the countries, parts, or places last herein-before mentioned, two-pence per ton.

Fourth class  For every ship or other vessel entering inwards, or arriving in the said port from France, (between UJhant and Spain), Portugal, Spain, (without the Mediterranean), or any of the Azores, Madeira, or Canary Islands, or any of the united (fates of America, or of the British colonies or provinces in North America, or from Florida, two-pence halfpenny per ton.

And for every ship or other vessel clearing outwards in, or departing from the said port to any of the countries, parts, or places last herein-before mentioned, two-pence halfpenny per ton.

Fifth class  For every ship or other vessel entering inwards, or arriving in the said port from Greenland, Gibraltar, France. or Spain, (within the Mediterranean), or any country, island, part, or place within or bordering on or near the Mediterranean, or Adriatic Sea, or from the West Indies, Louisiana, Mexico, South America, Africa, East India, China, or any other country, island, part, or place, within or bordering on or near the Pacific Ocean, or from any other country, island, part, or place whatsoever to the southward of twenty-five degrees of north latitude, threepence halfpenny per ton.

And for every ship or other4 vessel clearing outwards in, or departing from the said port to any of the countries, islands, parts, or places last herein-before mentioned, three-pence halfpenny per ton.

Which rates or duties shall be, and are hereby vested in his How to be Majesty, his heirs and successors, as his own proper monies, but paid, for the purposes of this abb, and shall be paid at the respective times of such ships' or other vessels' entry inwards, or clearance outwards, at the custom house in the port of London, to the officer or person appointed to collebb and receive the same, under such rules, regulations, and restrictions, as are by this abb directed and required with respect to ships or vessels entering

478* Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

inwards and clearing outwards in the said port; or for want of such entrance or clearance, then the same shall be paid before such ships or other vessels respedHveiy shall depart from the said port; and the said rates or duties shall be paid ovet, as soon as conveniently may be, by the collectors thereof, or other proper officers, into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer

Exemptionsv

CXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act shall not extend to charge with any of the said rates or duties herein-before granted, any of his Majesty's ships of war, or.any ship or vessel whatsoever being the property of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or of any of the; royal family, no; r to charge therewith any ship or vessel coming to or going coastwise from the port of London or to any part of Great Britain, unless such ship or vessel shall exceed forty-five tons, register tofinage, nor any vessel bringing corn coastwise, the principal prirt of whose cargo shall consist of corn, nor any fiffiing smacks, lobster and oyster boats, or vessels for passengers, nor any vessel or vessels, or craft navigating the river Thames above and below London Bridge, as far as Gravefetid only.

Tran (iterates

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That ini consideration

through the ^ecurity? accommodation, and dispatch, which will be

cana]' 1 produced by means of the said intended canal, as a shorter, safer, and more expeditious passage for ships and vessels to and from the said port, than the present circuitous and dangerous course round the said Isle of Dogs; and in consideration of the great charges and ekpences which will be occasioned by maintaining, repairing, improving, and managing the said canal, and such1 cuts and other works, as may render such passage commodious^ and eligible, and by providing and keeping a sufficient number of lock keepers and other officers and servants, and of draught horles, for the affiffance and proper accommodation of vessels in such passage, it shall be lawful for the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and their successors, from time to time, and at all times, from and after the expiration of the term of three years next ensuing the time when the said canal shall be first ready for use, and notice shall have been given of the same in the London Gazette, and two or more publick morning newspapers usually circulated in London, to ask, demand, take^ and receive, for the purposes of this act, over and above the rates and duties herein-before made payable of and from all ships* vessels, and craft, which shall enter and make use of the said intended canal, any rate or rates not exceeding the following rates; (that is to say),

For every ship or vessel, lighter, barge, or other craft, loaderi or unloaden, entering the said canal, if of two hundred tons or upwards, (register measurement), two-pence per ton:

If of one hundred tops, and under two hundred tons, (register measurement), one penny halfpenny per ton:

If of fifty tons, and under one hundred tons, (register measurement), the sum of ten shillings:

1800.] 39 Geo. III. c. 69*. 479*

All vessels carrying fail, if of twenty tons, and under fifty tons, the sum of five shillings:

And every lighter, barge, boat* or craft, which shall be rowed through the said canal by any of the persons using the same, the sum of one shilling:

Which said rates or duties shall be, and are hereby vested in the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their successors, as their own proper monies, but for the purposes of this act, and shall be paid upon such ships or other vessels entering within any lock or flood gate of the said canal, or at such other time or times as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall appoint for such payment, and shall be payable and paid once only for each and every such transit or passage as aforesaid, -across the said Ife of Dogs, whether upwards or downwards; and such rates or duties, lo last hereby granted, shall be paid over, as soon as conveniently may be, by the collectors thereof, or other proper officers, into the receipt of the chamber of the said city of London.

CXXXVIf. And in confederation of the great charges and pxpences which the makings building, ere flings and providing of such docks, basons, cuts, quays or wharfs, war eh ouses, sluices, bridges, roads, and other ivork s, authorised and intended to be made by the said dir eft or s as aforesaid\ and the supporting, maintaining, and keeping of the same in repair for the future, will amount unU: be it further enacted,

Thar, from and after notice of the completion of the same last Rate of 6$. M, mentioned docks, and other works* shall have been given by per ton, ap-publick aavertisement in the London Gazette, and two or more publick morning newspapers usually circulated in London, as company by before directed, there shall be payable - and paid to the said West ships using India dock company, or to their collectors, receivers, or agents, the docks, for their use, for every ship or vessel entering into, and using, any of the said intended docks, or any of the basons or cuts which shall belong thereto, by the master or other person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, or by the owner or owners thereof, (over and above the rates and duties hereinbefore granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens), the rate or duty of six shillings and eight-pence for every ton of the burden of such ship or vessel, except in such cases as are hereafter excepted or otherwise provided for; which rate or duty shall be levied and collected as herein after is directed, and shall be accepted and taken for and in satisfaction of the use and conveniency of the said docks, and all charges and expences of the navigating, mooring, unmooring, removing, and management of such ship or vessel, from her arrival at the entrance into the docks, at Blackwall, until such ship or vessel shall be unloaded and moored in the dock for light ships or vessels, and also of the unloading or unshipping of her cargo within the said docks, and the landing waiter's fees on account thereof, and the cooperage and hoops and nails which such cargo may require in the course of such

unlading

unlading thereof, together with the use of the light dock for any space of time not exceeding six months from the time of unload^ ing such ship or vessel: and that, from and after such notice being given as laid aforesaid, there shall also be payable and paid to the said West India dock company, or to their collectors, receivers, or agents, for their use, for all goods, wares, and merchandize, imported from the West Indies, which shall be landed, unshipped, or discharged from on board of any ship or vessel entering into and using any of the said intended docks, or any of the basons or cuts which shall belong thereto, by the owner or owners, consignee or consignees of such goods, wares, and merchandizes respectively, (over and above the rates and duties herein-before granted), the fevevral rates or duties herein after particularly rated and described; (that is to say).

Rates appointed to be paid to the company for goods imported from the West Indies, and landed or discharged within the docks.

List of rates.

For Aloes

Balsam, natural Cassia

Cortex Winteranus Cocoa Coffee

Cotton Wool Dyers Woods Ginger

Gum Guaiacum

Hides

Indigo Marmalade Oil, Castor Pimento Rum

Sarsaparilla Sugar Succads (in boxes)

Tamarinds, or Succads (in jars) 2 Tortoise Shell - - 5

Turmeric - - 4

and for Wine, including Maaeira o

5.

4

4

4

4

1

1

2

o

3

4 o 2 2

2

3 o 6 o

5

d.

8

8

8

8

6

6

6

6

3

8

6

6

6

6

2

1

o

8

o

6

0

8

1

yper hundred weight.

J

per dozen.

per hundred weight.

per jar.

per hundred weight. per gallon.

per hundred weight.

per jar.

|per hundred weight. per gallon.

For every cask, case, bundle, bale, or other package, containing any article of merchandise not other wise specified or described in this table, being of the weight of two hundred, or upwards, five shillings:

For every such cask, case, bundle, bale, or other package, being under the weight of two hundred, two shillings and sixpence: For any article of merchandize brought loose, (except wood), not otherwise specified or described in this table, and subject: to any duty of customs chargeable according to the weight, for every hundred, one shilling:

For any article of merchandize brought loose, not hereinbefore

1800.] 39 Geo. III. c. 69*. 481*

before specified or described* whether subject; to any duty of customs or not, and which shall be landed within the dock premises, there shall be collected and paid a rate or duty not exceeding the rate or charge heretofore usually paid in the port of London, for lighterage, landing, loacting, and housing of any such article

Which rates or duties shall be levied and collected as herein after is expressed, and shall be accepted and taken for and in respect of the use and conveniency of the said docks, and the quays, wharfs, and cranes, and other machines which shall belong thereto, and the land waiter's fees on account of such goods after being unshipped, and all charges and expences of wharfage, land-irigj hbufing, and weighing such goods, and of such cooperage as the same may respectively want after being unshipped, and all rent for warehouse room for such goods, for the space of twelve weeks in the said company's warehoUfes, and all charges of delivering the same from the said warehouses; and which said rate or duty of six shillings and eight-pence per ton, and the said several other rates or duties laffc herein-before granted, shall be and are hereby vested in the said West India dock company, and their successors* executors, administrators, and assigns, (holding for the time being shares of the aforesaid capital stock), as their own proper monies, but for the purposes herein after mentioned; and b

the said rate or duty of six shillings and eight-pence per ton shall  C

be paid at the time of each ship's or other ve fiefs entry inwards v or clearance outwards, at the custom house in the port of London, to the officer or person appointed to collect and receive the same, under such rules, regulations, and restrictions as are by this a<ib directed and required with regard to the entering inwards and clearing outwards of ships or other vessels, on which other rates and duties are by this act imposed; or for want of such entry, then at any time before such ships or vessels respectively shall fail or proceed from the said docks or basons, so as no ship or other vessel shall be subject or liable to the payment of the said' rate or duty of six shillings and eight-pence per ton more than once for every voyage, both out and home inclusive; and the rates or duties hereby granted in respect of such of the said goods* wares, and merchandize to be imported from the West Indies, as shall be subject to the payment of any duty to the King's majesty* his heirs or successors, shall be payable and paid, when the post entry of such goods, wares, or merchandize shall be made, at the said custom house, to the officer or person appointed to collect and receive the same* and the rates or duties hereby granted in respect of such of the said goods, wares, and merchandize as shall not be subject to the payment of any duty to the King's majesty, his heirs or successors, shall be payable and paid before such goods, wares, or merchandize respectively shall be taken from the said dock premises: provided always, That when and so often as any ship or other vessel arriving in the said docks shall not be fully laden, the said rate of six shillings and eight-pence per ton shall only be collided and paid for and in proportion to the Vol XLII.*H h actual

Sz* Public Local and Personal AflLs [i8do'.

actual tonnage of the cargo imported in such vessel, and not upon the register tonnage thereof; and that with respect to such ships or vessels as shall arrive in any of the said docks, from any other part or parts of the world than the West Indies, with goods, wares, or merchandize on board, of the growth or produce of the West Indies, the said rate or duty of six shillings and eight-pence per ten shall be payable only for and in proportion to the quantity of goods, wares, or merchandize of the growth or produce of the West Indies, on board of the same ships respectively; that is to say. Six shillings and eight-pence for every ton of the same goods, wares, or merchandize, and not otherwise.

Exemptions.

CXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act shall not extend to charge with the said rate or duty of six shillings and eight-pence per ton herein-before granted, any lighters or craft entering into the said docks, or basons, or cuts* to convey, deliver, discharge, or receive ballad: or goods to, or from on board of, any ship or ships, vessel or vessels.

CXXXIX. Manner of recovering rates.

CXL. Persons eluding the payment, to continue chargeable.

CXLI. To ascertain the tonnage or admeasurement of ships according to the certified tonnage in the ship's register.

CXLII. Collectors, &c. to have access to registers of ships at the custom house.

CXLIII. Power to measure. See. ships and vessels. Penalty on any person obllructing filth measuring, See.

CXLIV. Custom house officers not to discharge any vessel before duties paid. Matters of vessels to produce certificates or certain other written evidence of such payment, which the receivers of the duties mult give. Penalty on refusal, twenty pounds.

CXLV. Common council empowered to lower and again raise the transit rate gi anted to the corporation, so as in case of raising the y shall not be higher than as expressed in the table.

CXLVI. Directors may vary the rates, so as every alteration be approved of by the company.

CXLVII. Roads which shall belong to the works, may be used by the publick. and the navigation of the canal to be free, subject to regulations.

CXLVIII. In case the capital of 500, 0001. shall not be raised, or be found inefficient for making the docks, &c. the company may borrow 100, ooool. more; and assign the dock rates as a security. Form of the assignment. Persons taking such assignments to be entitled to their respective proportions of the dock rates.

CXLIX. Proper entries of such assignments to be made by the company's clerk; and such assignments to be transferrable by indorsement. Form of indorsement. Indorsement to be notified and entered within fourteen days, by the clerk.

CL. Interest on monies borrowed to be paid half-yearly in preference to the dividends.

CLI. And, for more readily and effectually accomplishing the pur por provLling pWs of tins aft, be it further enacted, That there shall be advan-money to be ceJ and paid from and out of all or any of the duties, revenues, applied by the aiuj incomes, composing the fund called The ConfoMated Fund* upon the credit of, and to be replaced to the said fund by, the rates and duties hereby granted, or ma^le payable to his Majesty, hi? heirs and successors, any such sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the Turn of seventy-two thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, as shall be necessary and sufficient for the purposes next herein after mentioned; the same to

common council In purchasmcr land, nnd in in a King, maintaining] and managing, the

1800.] 39 Geo. III. c. 69^. 483*

be paid by the lord high treasurer, or the of of the canal for treasury for the time being, into the chamber of the city of Lon- ^ear^ don, from time to time, as and when wanted, and to be applied during that^ and disposed of by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons of term such the city of London, in cojnmon council assembled, as follows; compenfa-that is to say, In the first place, in paying one equal half part of to

the charges and expences incident to and incurred in obtaining te!Corpora* and passing this act, and afterwards in purchasing and paying for tion. of Lon-the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, don. which shall be so purchased by the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their successors as aforesaid, and in defraying the other cods and charges incident to such purchases, and in paying and discharging the necessary charges and expences of designing, laying out, making, and completing the said canal, cuts, and other works, which are to be made and done by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in'common council a ft enabled, in pursuance of this act; and afterwards in paying, satisfying, and discharging, all the necessary charges and expences of attending, managing, regulating, maintaining, repairing, and preserving the same canal, cuts, and other works, for the term of three years next ensuing the time when such publick notice as aforesaid h-all be given of the said canal being ready for use, and until the said transit rates shall become payable to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens as aforesaid; and also in paying for and during the same term of three years such yearly or other sums of moneyas are herein-before directed to be paid by the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their successors, as and for compensations for Losses, and deficiencies of tithes, taxes, fewer rates, and other rates and assessments.

CLII. Jnd, in order that the of herein before appointed\ and which shall hereafter be appointed as aforesaid, may be enabled to make the compensations by this act entrufed to the care and management of such of, be it further enacted, That there shall also For providing be advanced and paid, from and out of all or any of the duties, raoney for revenues, and incomes, composing the fund called The Consolidatedpensations, Fund, upon the credit of, and to be replaced to the said fund by, including the rates and duties hereby granted or made payable to his Ma- those of the jesty, his heirs and successors, such sum and sums of money as croy'an<* shall be necessary and sufficient for making, paying, and satisfying in^efpeft of" all such Jaft mentioned compensations respectively, including mooring those herein-before directed to be made to the King's majesty, chains, his heirs and successors, and the said Peter lord Gwydir, and his assigns, in respect of mooring chains, and for defraying the necessary costs of managing, ascertaining, paying, and making the same respectively; and which sum and sums of money shall be from time to time issued, paid, applied, and disposed of by the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, as the said of, or any five or more of them, shall direct, in and about the paying and making of such last mentioned compensations, according to the directions and

484*

Public Local and Personal Acts [iSooi

The general tonnage duties to be applied in maintaining the mooring chains, and paying the fibriers of harbeur mailers, and in replacing the monies which, are to be advanced out of the coululidated fund in pur-fnance or

act> and then in making a fund lor maintaining the mooring chains, and paying the lklaries of harbour matters.

true meaning of this act, until all the same compensations' shall have been paid and satisfied.

CLIII. Commissioners clerk to keep accounts of compensation monied CLIV. And be it further enacted, That the monies which shall from time to time be received and produced from and by the rates and duties granted or made payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by this act, shall be applied and disposed of in the manner following; that is to say, In the first place so much thereof shall be paid into the chamber of the city of London as shall be fuddcient, from time to time, not only for defraying all the necessary costs and charges of maintaining, repairing, altering, and renewing the mooring chains now lying, and which shall hereafter lie, or be in the river Thames, and of laying down, from time to time, new or other mooring chains therein as and when necessary for the use of the shipping in the said river, but also for paying the salaries and wages of the said harbour mailers, and their assistants, pursuant to this act; and the monies so to be paid this into the said chamber, shall be paid and applied by the mayor

and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and their successors, in defraying the same costs and charges, and paying the same salaries and wages accordingly; and subject thereto, the residue or overplus of such monies so to be received and produced, shall be applied from time to time, in repaying and replacing to the said consolidated fund all such sums of money as shall be advanced and paid thereout in pursuance of this act, with interest for the same respectively in the mean time, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum: and when all the monies which shall be so as aforesaid advanced and paid out of the said consolidated fund shall, by the means lad mentioned, or otherwise, be fully repaid, with interest as aforesaid, then and from thenceforth such residue or overplus of the said monies to be received and produced from and by the said rates and duties by this act granted or made payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fuceefiors, shall, from time to time, as and when received, be laid out or inverted in the purchase of (lock in some of the publick (locks or funds, or upon government or real securities, at inrerect, in the names of the chamberlain, town clerk, and comptroller of the chamber of the city of London, for the time being, who shall, from time to time, lay out or invert the yearly dividends or interest of the (locks, funds, and securities so purchased, in their names, in like manner, for the purpose of accumulation, until the yearly dividends and interest of all the (locks, funds, and securities so purchased, shall be sufficient for the payment of the said costs and charges of maintaining, repairing, altering, and renewing, the said mooring chains, and laying down others as aforesaid, and the payment of the salaries and wages gf the said harbour mailers and theif assistants; and when and so soon as the same yearly dividend^ and interest shall fie fully sufficient for the purposes bft mentioned, then ancLfrbm thenceforth the several rates and duties by this act granted or made payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall cease,

18op.] 39 Geo. III. c. 69*. 485*

and be no longer paid or payable; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CLV. And be it farther enable^, That themonies which shall Application from time to time be received by the said mayor and corpmonalty of the translt and citizens, and their successors, from and by the said transit rate* rates hereby granted or made payable to them, and such other monies as shall be received by them by virtue of this act, and not be otherwise applied or applicable in pursuance thereof, shall, from time to time, after payment of the charges of collecting and receiving the same, be applied, in the first place, in paying such yearly or other sums of money as are herein-before directed to be paid by the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their successors, as and for compensation for Losses and deficiencies of tithes, 'taxes, fewer rates, and other rates and assessments, and afterwards in paying, satisfying, and discharging, the necessary charges and expences of attending, managing, and regulating, (after being finished), and maintaining, repairing, preserving, and improving, the said canal, cuts, mooring chains, and other works and improvements, which are to be made, done, and managed, by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in pursuance of this acfl, including all charges of towing ships, and opening and (hutting flood gates on the said canal; and that all the refldue or surplus of such monies shall from time to time be applied in or towards executing such of the other purposes of this act, as are to be executed by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, or by or at the charges of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London: and in case and when the monies so to be received by the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their successors, shall be more than fufricient for the several purposes last mentioned, then and in such case the overplus of such monies shall from time to time be laid out in the purchase of stock, in some of the publick Hocks or funds, or upon government or real securities, at interest, in the names of the chamberlain, town clerk, and comptroller of the chamber of the city of London, for the time being; and the yearly dividends and interest of the stocks, funds, and securities, so to be purchased, shall be applied and disposed of in such and the same manner, in all respects^ as the monies to be received by the said mayor, and commonalty and citizens, from and by the said transit rates, are herein-before directed to be applied and disposed of; and in case and when such yearly dividends and interest, together with the yearly income arising from the said transit rates, shall be found to be more than furfl-cient for the several purposes for and towards which the said monies arising from the said transit rates are hereby made payable and applicable, the said transit rates by this act made payable to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their successors, shall be lowered in the manner herein-before directed, so far as she same can, under the then existing circumstances, be done with prudence and safety: provided always, That whensoever after any such stocks, funds, or securities, shall be so

486* Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

purchased, the yearly dividends and interest thereof, together with the yearly income arising from the said transit rates, shall be found insufficient for the purposes last mentioned, it shall be lawful for the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their successors, to cause the said stocks, funds, and securities, or a sufficient part thereof, to be sold out, to make good the deficiency, and to apply the money arising by such sale in the same manner as the monies arising from the said transit rates are hereby made applicable.

CLVI. The corporation of London answerable in case of misapplication of monies to be received by them.

CLVII. Chamberlain to keep accounts of receipts and disbursements.

CLVIII. A statement of the canal and works to be laid before parliament and the treasury yearly.

CLIX, Chamberlain to lay an account before parliament yearly. Application CLX. And, be it further enacted, That the aforesaid sum of: -fiVe hundred thousand pounds, subscribed or intended to be sub-by the West feribed or contributed by the said West India dock company, for India dock their capital or joint stock, and all other monies which shall be company un- hereafter subscribed by them, for increasing their capital as afore-ckrthisac. together with the several sums of money to be produced

nnd received by and from, and raised and borrowed upon the credit of, the rates and duties granted or made.payable to the said company by this act, shall form and become one aggregate consolidated fund; and all the monies which shall be subscribed, collected, received, levied, raised, and borrowed by the said company, or by the said directors, by virtue or in pursuance of this act, shall be applied and disposed of in the first place in paying the remaining equal half part or share of the charges and expences incident to and incurred in obtaining and passing this act; and afterwards in paying and discharging the consideration or purchase money, and the other costs and charges incident to the purchasing and obtaining conveyances of the messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which, by virtue or in pursuance of this act, shall be purchased for the use of, and conveyed or veiled in trufl for the said West India dock company as aforesaid; and in the next place, in paying the intereil of the monies which shall be borrowed by the said company upon the credit of the last mentioned rates and duties, if any shall be so borrowed, and the interest or dividends upon the principal monies, which, for the time being, shall be so subscribed by the members of the said company, and actually paid as aforesaid, or upon their capital or joint (lock, and in paying such yearly or other sums of money as are herein-before directed to be paid by the said West India dock company as and for compensations for loftes and deficiencies of tithes, taxes, fewer rates, and other rates and a ffe Aments; and subject thereto, then in defraying the necessary charges and expences of making, completing, maintaining, and supporting, and attending, managing, and regulating, the said docks, basons, cuts, quays, wharfs, warehouses, and other works, which are to be made and done by the said directors in pursuance of this a eft, and of any such extensions, and improvements

1800.] 39 Geo. III. c. 69^.

of the same respectively, as the said directors may, from time to time, think necef&ry; and that the residue or surplus of such monies shall, from time to time, be applied in or towards the re-payment of the principal monies, which shall be borrowed by the said company, upon the credit of the rates ar d duties hereby granted to them, until all the same principal monies shall be repaid, and in or towards executing such of the other purposes of this act as are to be executed by the said directors, or by and at the charges of the West India dock company: and when by the means last mentioned, or other wise, the principal monies so to he borrowed by the said company, shall be all repaid as aforesaid, then and in such case the rates and duties by this a A granted to the said company, shall be lowered in the manner herein-before directed, as far as the same can, under the then existing circumstances, be done with prudence and safety.

CLXI. Clerk of the company to keep accounts of receipts and disbursements.

CLXII. The dock company's works to be executed as soon as possible, and a statement of the progress thereof to be laid before parliament yearly.

CLXIII. Directors to lay an account before parliament yearly.

CLXIV. Common council empowered to appoint committees.

CLXV. Persons interested in contracts, not eligible on such committees.

CLXVI. Committees may employ and contract with any fit persons whether freemen of London or not.

CLXVII. Directions for giving notice of contracts.

CLXVIII. Power to the common council to appoint clerks, colledofs. treasurers, and other officers, taking security; and to allow them fa lanes.

CLXIX. The directors empowered to appoint clerks, treasurers, and other officers for the company, taking security, and to allow them ialaries.

CLXX. Commissioners of compensations to appoint clerks, &c. taking security, and to allow them salaries.

CLXXI. Penalty on officers mi (applying monies.

CLXXII. For the recovery of balances due from harbour matters, &c. dying or becoming bankrupts.

CLXXIII. Nothing in this act contained is to prejudice any reaedy against the sureties of officers.

CLXXIV. For saving the rights of the Trinity House.

CLXXV. Rights of the corporation of London not to be prejudiced.

Lord mayor empowered as conservator of the river Thames, to punish offences against this act, &c.

CLXXVI. This act not to extend to prevent the admiralty from laying down mooring chains below Greenland dock.for the use of the King's ffiips.

CLXXVII. Power to mitigate penalties or forfeitures,

CLXXVIII. Parties aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions.

CLXXIX. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered.

CLXXX. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form.

CLXXXL Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form.

CLXXXII. Application of penalties and forfeitures.

CLXXXIII. Punishment for giving false evidence, or swearing falsely.

CLXXXIV. The treasurer of the company may be made the nominal plaintiff or defendant in actions, and suits to be brought by or against the company.

[Treble costs.]

CLXXXV. Act of 24. Geo. a. for rendering justices of the peace more safe in the execution of their office, extended to this act; and as to actions brought for any thing done in pursuance of this act. General issue may be pleaded.

[Publick act.]

CLXXXVI.

Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

Cap. 73.

An act For making and maintaining a tunnel or road under the river Thames, from or near to the town of Gravesend, in the county of Kent, to or near to Tilbury Fort in the county of Essex.

[July 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a tunnel or road, of a convenient breadth for the passage of cattle and carriages, under the river Thames, from or near to Gravesend, in the county of Kent, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the county of Essex, in such manner that an uninterrupted land communication might be opened between the opposite (liores of the counties of Kent and Essex, would be attended ot only with great advantage to those particular counties, but would also be of great national advantage as a military road or pass. Certain persons incorporated by the name of, The Company of Proprietors of the Tunnel under the River Thames. Proprietors to raise thirty thousand pounds for making the tunnel, to be divided into shares of one hundred pounds each. Shares to be personal estate. Subscribers to have a vote for every share. Form of appointment of proxies. Proprietors may raise twenty thousand pounds, by additional proprietors or mortgage.'Interest of money borrowed to be paid in preference to dividends. Six months notice to be given of paying off money. Assignees not to vote on account of having lent money. Proprietors shall assemble on Wednesday fortnight after passing this act, at the London Tavern, and the first Wednesday in May in every year afterwards. Chairman to be appointed. A committee to be appointed. Proprietors may make bye laws. General assemblies for choosing committees to conlift of one hundred shares. Assembly of proprietors may be specially convened. General assembly to cleft and appoint officers, and take security from them. Officers, &c. to account. Powers of the committees. Committees to make calls. Shares may be forfeited, but no advantage to be taken of forfeiture, without personal notice. On the death of subscriber6 before share completed, executors may do it. Shares may be sold. Form of conveyance of shares. After a call no share to be sold until such call shall be paid. Regulations as to the acquisition of shares by marriage, by will, or in course of administration. Names of proprietors to be entered, and certificates of their shares delivered to them. Power to make and maintain a tunnel or road under the river Thames, from any point between one hundred yards west of a messuage in the occupation of Jeremiah Howard, in the parish of Northfleet, and one quarter of a mile eastward of the new Tavern Bridge, in the parish of Milton, next Gravesend, in the county of Kent, and between the opposite points on the shore, of the county of Essex. Contracts to be advertised. The company not to take, use, injure, or damage, for the purposes of the tunnel, any house or other building built on or before June 24, 1799, or any land used for a garden, orchard, yard, park, &c. without the content of the owners, and occupiers thereof. The company are not to enter the lands and grounds of John Caleraftor George Errington, esqrs. Bodies politick empowered to sell and convey lands. Contracts and fairs to be made at the expence of the company.- Form of conveyance to the company. Satisfaction to be made. Yearly rents charged on the rates. If parties are dissatisfied, value to be ascertained by a jury. Fine upon sheriffs, &c. making default. Expences of witnesses and jury, by whom to be paid. Persons requesting juries to enter into bonds to prosecute. Notice of injury to be given to proprietors. Satisfaction to be made for tythes. Verdict to value lands, and damages to be ascertained separately. Verdicts to be recorded. Power to enter and take possession of lands, &c. on payment or tender of purchase money. Purchase money belonging to corporations, &c. to be laid out to the same uses. For re-inverting purchase monies. Damages not provided for to be settled Tolls for parting through the tunnel. For every wheel on every coach, chariot, chilife, &c. two shillings and sixpence. For every wheel on every

iqq.] 39 Geo. III. c. 73. 489*

waggon or cart one shilling. For every horse one shilling.' For every afs three pence. For every drove of cows, oxen or neat cattle fifteen shillings a score. For every drove of calyes, swine, sheep or lambs; three shillings and four-pence a score. For geese or turkeys two pence halfpenny a score. For every foot passenger two pence. Tolls not to be taken at both gates. To enforce payment of tolls. And whereas the conveyance of his Majesty's troops and military stores, by boats, barges, and other vessels, from the opposite shores of the counties of Kent and Effiex, across the river Thames, is attended with a great expence: and whereas it has appeared to the lords of Of his Majesty's . treasury, that the making of the said tunnel would be attended with a great national advantage, for the purpose of conveying troops and military stores through the same, by which the expence of providing boats, barges, and other vessels, will be avoided, and the troops and (lores be more expeditioufty conveyed; be it therefore enacted, That no toll shall be demanded or taken fer or in respect of any officer or soldier upon match oy upon duty, or for or in respect of any horse, cattle, or carriage employed in carrying or conveying the arms or baggage of any such officer or soldier, or in carrying or conveying any sick, wounded, or disabled officer or soldier, or in carrying or conveying any cannon, ordnance or military {lores, or for or in respect of any horse, mare, or gelding, furnished by or for any persons, in any corps or troop of volunteer cavalry, and rode by them, in going to or returning from the piace appointed, for and on the days of exercise, provided that such persons be dreffied in the uniform of their respective corps or troops, or for or in respect of any such volunteer, or for or in respect of any person or persons, or carriage or carriages, of what description foeyer, or horse or horses. employed in conveying the mail or packet, which shall be made up under the authority or direction of his Majesty's poll mailer general" or his deputy or deputies, in consideration of which said several exemptions the lords of of his Majesty's treasury shall pay pr. cause to be paid, to the said company of proprietors, in each and every year, the clear sum of one thousand pounds, the same to be paid by four equal quarterly payments, the first of such quarterly payments to be computed from the day on which the said tunnel shall be rendered passable for horses, catrle and carriages; and if any person shall claim and, take the benefit of any of the exemptions from toil aforesaid, not being entitled to the same, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty shillings. If the one thousand pounds is not paid to the proprietors they may take tolls. Proprietors to furnish boats for government, whilst the tunnel is repairing.

Tolls may be altered. Lamps to be affixed against walls, Sec. Penalty on wilfully damaging lamps, Sec. On nonpayment offender to be committed. Persons accidently damaging lamps, &c. to make satisfaction. And be it further enacted, That all persons whosoever shall have free liberty to pass through the said tunnel, and to lead or drive through the same, any horse, cattle or other beaks, and carriage, geese, and turkies, upon payment of such tolls as shall be demanded by the said company of proprietors, not exceeding the respective sums herein mentioned, and subject to the rules and regulations which shall be from time to time made by the said company of proprietors, by virtue of the powers herein granted; provided that no person 01 persons shall, with or without any horse, cattle, or other beast or carriage, geese or turkies, without the content of the said company of proprietors or their committee, pass through the said tunnel at any other times, than between the hours of seven in the morning, and five in the evening, during the months of November, December, January, and Febuary, between the hours of five in the morning, and eight in the evening, during the months of March, April, September and October, and between the hours of four in the morning and nine in the evening, during the months of May, June, July and August, in every year; and the said company of proprietors shall, and they are hereby required to keep the said tunnel well and sufficiently lighted up for and during thg hours required in the said months as afortffiaid*. slave and ex.eptfoi* and

490

Public Local and Personal Acts' [1800.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

during such time or times as the said tunnel or any part thereof or any or the works thereunto belonging shall be repairing, or the passage through the same shall be by any accident impeded or prevented) and in default thereof the said company of proprietors shall forfeit and pay for every offence the sum of twenty pounds, to any person or persons, who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full costs of luit, by action of debt, or on the case, bill, plaint or information, wherein no eiloin, protection, wager of law, or any more than one imparlance shall be allowed. Eighty pounds a year to be paid to his Majesty as a satisfaction for his ferry over the river Thames. Thirty pounds a year to be paid to the corporation of Gravesend for their ferry over the river Thames. Ferries velted in the company. Company to use the ferries when the tunnel is repairing. Penalty on damaging the works. And be it further enacted, That all acts and offences done or committed within the said tunnel, or within any part or parts thereof, situate, lying and being under the said river Thames, shall be deemed to have been done aild committed within either of the said counties of Kent or Essex, and shall be enquired of, examined into, and cognizable by the several justices of the said counties respectively; and all actions, bills, suits, informations and indictments may be brought, laid, tried and prosecuted, in either of the said counties of Kent or Essex. How the tunnel shall he rated. Tunnel not to be under the commissioners of sewers. Rights of the city of London saved. Subscribers compelled to pay their subscriptions. Fines and forfeitures. Persons aggrieved by irregularity in distress to recover only the special damages. Form of conviction. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form nor removed by certiorari. Limitation of actions.

Cap. 83.

An act for enabling his Majesty to incorporate by charter a company to be called The Globe Insurance Company, for insurance on lives, and against loss or damage fy, fire, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[July n> 1799.]

WHEREAS it hath been considered, that it would in many respects be greatly advantageous to the publick, if a corporation were established for making or effecting insurances on lives, and insurances against loss or damage by fire, and for granting, purchasing, or selling annuities for lives, or on survivorship, and for granting sums of money payable at future periods, within the kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, and any other parts abroad; and for receiving deposits of thte funds belonging to, and acting as treasurers thereof for benefit of friendly societies, and other charitable and benevolent institutions; and also for making provisions for the widows and children of the clergy, and for clergymen, and for the receiving deposits from or on account of the members of the indrntrious climes of society, and others, upon such terms, and in such manner, as should be agreed upon between the said corporation, and the persons or societies treating with the same corporation for the purposes aforesaid; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by charter or indenture under the great seal of Great Britain, to declare and grant, that such and so many persons as shall be n imecl therein, and all and every such other persons and person, as from time to time shall be duly admitted members into their corporation, shall be oneditiinct and separate body politick and corporate, by the name of Trie Globe insurance company.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, in and by the said charter or indent me, to declare that the said corporation* fa to be created and

1800] 9 Geo. III. c. 83*.

established, shall and may make or effect insurances on the life or lives of any person or persons whomsoever, or on ho life?, warehouses, chambers, or other edifices or buildings, goods, wares, or merchandizes, ships, vessels, barges, and other craft, with their cargoes, in port or uled on navigable canals, farming flock, and all other property, against Joss or damage by fire, in all parts and places whatsoever, either within the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, or elf: where abroad, whether within his Majesty's dominions or not; and also shall and may grant, purchase, and sell annuities for lives, or on survivorship, and grant lfims of money payable at future periods within the kingdom of Great Britain', or Ireland, and any other parts abroad, whether within his Majesty's dominions or not; and shall and may receive deposits of funds of tontine societies, and of her institutions, established for granting future advantages, and deposits of funds belonging to, and ad. as treasurer thereof for, benefit or friendly societies, and other charitable and benevolent institutions; and make provision for the widows and children of the clergy, and for clergymen, and receive deposits from or on account of members of the industrious classes of society, and others $ and to make prdvision for members of the industrious classes of society, and others, by allowing interest on such deposits made, or otherwise, upon such terms and conditions, and in such manner as shall or may be agreed upon between the said corporation so to be created and established, and the persons and societies treating with the said corporation, for the purposes herein-before mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such deposits made by individuals, shall not be payable by the said corporation at a less period than six calendar months from the time such deposits shall have been made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his said Majesty, in and by the lai'd charter or indenture, to declare that the said corporation, by the ft id name of The Giooe Infurunce Company, shall have perpetual succession, and shall have full power and authority to act in the premises, and Dy the name aforesaid t6 do, perform, and execute, or cause to be done, performed, and executed, all or any lawful acts, matters, and things whatsoever, in such manner, in all respects, as shall be necessary, proper, or expedient for giving effect thereto^ and to declare that the said corporation shall have power from" time to time to choose its own directors, and other officers and ftrvants, for the management of the affairs of the said corporation, in such manner, and under such qualifications, as shall be prefer*bed in and by the said charter or indenture to be granted or made in that behalf; nevertheless the first directors of the said corporation shall or may be appointed by his Majesty, in and by the said charter or indenture; and also in the said charter or indenture to declare that the said first directors, and all subsequent directors, shall continue in their respectitfe offices for such number of years, and in cale of death or removal, be supplied in such manner, as in such charter or indenture shall be prescribed; an1 also in the said charter or indenture to declare that the said corporation shall and may have and use a common leal only for the bulineis of the said corporation, and such leal shall and may, from time to time, break, change, make new, or alter, as shall be found moll expedient; and also in the said charter or indenture to declare that the said corporation shall be able and capable in law to purchase, take, hold, and enjoy messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, not exceeding in the whole the annual value of two thousand pounds, over and besides such nxlinages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as may be charged with or made a security for the annuities to be purchased by the Ibid.corporation: provided mvertheless. That the annual value of the media: ges, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be comprized in each purchase, be taken to be of that annual value winch they were of at the time of the purchase thereof; and also in and by the said charter or indenture to declare that any person or persons, bodies politick cr corporate, may give, grant, bargain, fell, or convey to the said corporation any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the life and

492. Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

benefit of the said corporation, notwithstanding the statute of mortmain; and also to declare that the said corporation shall have full power and ability at law, to fell, grant, alien, demise, o^ dispose of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of or to which they shall so become seised or entitled as aforesaid, or any part thereof, at their free will and pleasure; and be able and capable in law or equity to sue and implede, and be sued and impleacted, and answer and be answered, defend or be defended, in any courts of law or equity, or elsewhere, in all actions, suits, apd causes whatsoever, relating to the insurances, annuities, deports, contracts, engagements, or their capital joint stock, or any of their estates or effects, or for or upon account of any other matter or thing whatsoever concerning the said corporation.

V. And be it further enacted, That in the said charter or indenture it shall be provided, that the said corporation, so to be created and established as aforesaid shall be obliged from time to time during its continuance to cause such a stock of ready money, or such share or shares of the parliamentary stocks or publick funds of Great Britain, to be provided and reierved, and to be immediately subject to the disposition of the said corporation, as fir all be sufficient to answer all the just demands upon them on account of the said policies of assurance, and any deeds, contracts or engagements, to be made or executed, or entered into by the said corporation; and that the said corporation shall satisfy, pay, and discharge the same demands from time to time according to the tenor of the said policies of assurance, deeds, contracts, and engagements, and the true meaning of this act, and the charter so to be granted as aforesaid; and in case of refusal or neglect to answer the said demand, the person or persons, society or societies, whose claim, or demand shall be so neglected or refilied, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, may, during the existence of such claims or demands, respectively bring his, her, or their action of debt, or on the case, by bill, suit, or information, for the money demanded, against the said corporation refilling or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or elsewhere, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and that in such action, bill, suit, or information, the plaintiff or plaintiffs may declare that the same corporation is indebted to him, her, or them, in the money so demanded, and have not paid the same, and thereupon the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover against the said corporation single damages and full costs of suit, and the stock and effects of the said corporation shall be also subject and liable thereto.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said societies respectively may commence or bring such action, bills, information or informations, against the said corporation, in the name or names of the preficlent or presidents, trustee or trustees of, or other person or persons prefixing over, representing or acting for such society or societies, and that the actions, bills, suits or informations so brought, shall, to all intents and purposes, be as good and effectual as if the same were commenced or brought in the names of all the persons composing such society or fociexiep, and no advantage shall be taken thereof, or objection made thereto; any law, practice, usage, or custom to the contrary thereof notwith- withstanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the corporation so to be created as aforesaid, which shall have or receive any part of the monies, effects, or funds of such society or societies, or shall in any manner be intrusted with the disposition, management, or custody thereof, or of any securities relating to the same, fh: dh upon demand made in pursuance of any order by such society or committee appointed in such mariner as is directed by an act passed in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty, intituled, 'An act for the encouragement and relief of friendly societies/ give in the account or accounts of the said corporation with such society or societies, at a general meeting of any such society, or to such committee thereof as a? ore said, to be examined and allowed or disalloived; and the said corporation shall on such demand so to be made in manner aforesaid, pay

1800.] 39 Geo. III. c. 83*.

over all the monies then remaining and bfcing in the hands or custody of the iaid corporation, and assign and trarisfer or deliver all securities, effects, or funds, taken, or standing iti the name, or remaining in the hands or custody of the said corporation, to the treasurer or treasurers, or trustee or trustees for the time being, or to such person or persons as such society shall appoint; and in case of any neglect or refusal to deliver such adcount, or to pay over such monies, or to assign, transfer, or deliver such securities or funds, in manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such society, in the name of the treasurer or treasurers, trustee or trustees, (as the case may be), or such person or persons as such society or societies shall appoint, to exhibit a petition against the said corporation so to be created as aforesaid, in the high court of chancery, or the court of exchequer in England, or the court of session in Scotland, or the courts of great sessions in Wales respectively, who shall and may proceed (thereupon in a summary way, and make such order therein, upon hearing all parties concerned, as to such court in their discretion shall seem just; and all alignments and transfers made in pursuance of such order shall be good and die&uai in law to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no fee, reward, emolument, or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded, taken, or received by any officer or minister of such court, for any matter or thing done in such court, in pursuance of this a iff, by any such society as aforesaid; and that upon the presenting of any such petition it shall be lawful for the lord high chancellor, the master of the rolls, and the barons of the exchequer respectively in England, or the lords of session in Scotland, or the judges of any of the courts of great sessions in Wales, to assign counsel learned in the law, and to appoint a clerk of such court to advise and carry on such petition on the behalf of such society, who are hereby respectively required to do their duties therein without fee or reward; and that no such proceedings in such court in pursuance of this act shall be chargeable with any stamp duty.

IX. And be it also further enacted, That in the charter or indenture for establishing the said corporation, it shall be provided, that in all actions to be sued or commenced against the said corporation, upon any policy of affiurance, deed, contract, or engagement, under the common seal of the said corporation, it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation in such action or suit to plead generally, that they owe nothing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit; and that in all actions of covenant which shall be sued or commenced against the said corporation, upon any such policy of assurance under the common seal o( the said corporation, it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation in such action or suit to plead generally, that they have not broken the covenants in such policy, deed, contract, or engagement contained, or any of them; and if thereupon issue shall be joined, it shall and may be lawful for the jury if they fee cause, upon the trial of such issue, to find a verdict for the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such luit or action, and to give so much or such part only of the sum demanded, if it be ail action of debt, or so much in damage, if it be an action of covenant, as it shall appear to them upon the evidence given upon such trial, such plaintiff or plaintiffs ought in justice to have oris or are entitled to; any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And to the intent that sufficient provision of money may be made for answering and paying just demands upon the said corporation, and to furnifti the said corporation with money for its necessary and lawful ficcalions; it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said corporation shall be obliged, by force and virtue of the said charter or indenture so to be granted or made as aforesaid, to raise a sum of- money, not less than five hundred thousand pounds, and not exceeding one million, within such time or times, not exceeding* a period of two years and an half, tc be computed from the time the said charter of incorporation shall be granted, and by such proportions, and

493. Public Local and Personal Acts.

[1800.

in such manner, as in and by the said charter or indenture shall lye appointed, and the money so to be raised shall be and be called The Extraordinary Capital Stock belonging to the said Corporation; and that in the said charter or indenture, so to be granted or made as aforesaid, a provision shall be inserted, that the said corporation, intended to be created and elbblished, is to be created and established upon this condition, that the Cud corporation do and shall lay out and invert the sum of three hundred thousand pounds, (part of the said sum of five hundred thousand pounds extraordinary o'i* capital stock), within three calendar months next after the same shall be raised in manner aforesaid, in the purchase of land tax upon houses. under an act passed in the lift session of parliament, intituled, 'An act for making perpetual, iuhject to redemption and purchase in the manner therein fiated, the several Turns of money now charged in Great Britain as "a land tax for one year from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight#' and al'o do and shall, with one moiety or half part of the net profits which shall arise to the said corporation from the said establishment, which shall remain after payment of five pounds per centum per annum to the proprietors on the capital Hock, and all salaries and other expence^ attending the institution, lay out such moieties as they shall* arise, after? making such deductions as aforesaid, in the purchase of the said land tax upon houses, from time to time, until the sum of seven hundred thousand founds shall have been so laid out as aforesaid, urfcfs the whole of the said land tax upon houses shall previously thereto have been redeemed or fold; and that the said corporation shall be allowed, to purchase the said land tax upon the same terms and conditions, as the owners of lands now are or 11 eteafter may* be entitled to redeem or purchase by the same or any future act; but the interest or produce arising from the said sum of three hundred thou-ihnd pounds, and such moieties of the said profits as shall be laid out in the purchase of land tax as aforesaid, shall not be confidefed or taken ns part of the profits out of which the said sum of seven hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof, is to proceed; and also that the sum of five pounds per centum per annum, upon all the said money to be raised as aforesaid, (excepting the said. sum of three hundred thousand pounds so to he laid out as aforesaid), shall be deduced out of the said moiety or half part of the said net profits, before the same shall be applied in the purchase of the said land tax, in manner herein-before mentioned.

XL. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby farther enacted, That a provision shall be inserted in the said charter, that the said corporation shall, within three calendar months after the date of the said charter, enter into a sufficient contract or contracts, according to the provisions of the several acts passed in the last and present sessions of parliament for the redemption of the land tax, that the said corporation shall and will lay out and invert the sum of three hundred thousand pounds, part of the said five hundred thousand pounds extraordinary or capital ftcck* in the purchase of the land tax on houses, or land tax, as provided by this act, and that the said corporation shall in such contfad or contracts undertake that they shall and will lay out and invest one hundred thousand pounds, part of the said three hundred thousand pounds, in the purchase of the land tax on houses, or land tax, as aforesaid, within one year after the date of the said charter; and that they shall and will lay but one hundred thousand pounds, other part of the said three hundred thousand pounds, in such purchase as aforesaid, within two years after the date of the said charter; and that they shall and will lay out one hundred thousand pound?, residue of the said three hundred thousand pounds, within three calendar months next after the extraordinary or capital stock shall be raised as aforesaid, in the further purchase of the land tax on houses, or land tax, as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the directors of the said corporation shall yearly lay, or cause to be laid, before each house of parliament a true account of the receipt and application of all monies which shall be received by the said corporation by virtue of this act.

1800.] 39 Geo. III. c. 83*.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in the charter or indenture so to be executed or made as aforesaid, it shall be declared, that all and every persons or person by or for whom any subscription shall be made

or accepted, or any payment made pursuant to the orders of any

general court or courts, authorised by the said charter or indenture to be held by the said corporation for that purpose, for or towards the raising of the said capital joint Itock as aforesaid, his, her, and 'their executors, administrators, and assigns respectively, shall have and be entitled to a share of and in the said capital joint stock of the said corporation, in proportion to the monies to which he, file, or they shall have so contributed towards making up the same, and to a proportional share of the profits and advantages attending the capital stock of the said corporation, and shall be admitted to be a member or members of the same.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no person or persons shall be entitled to any greater share in the capital or joint stock of the said corporation, than the money which he, she, or they shall have paid towards the same; and that the several members of the said corporation do and shall respectively stand responsible and answerable for all just debts and demands of the creditors of the said corporation, to the full amount of their several and respective shares in the capital of the said joint stock, but shall not be any further or otherwise liable, either personally, or in their several and respective lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels, or effects, for any undertakings, engagements, contnCts, or agreements entered into by the said corporation*or be subject or liable, by reason of his or their being members of the said corporation, or of any of the acts of the said corporation, to the statutes respectting bankrupts, or any of them.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said corporation shall not borrow or take up by way of loan, any sum or sums of money whatsoever, other than by a subscription for shares, in manner herein-before mentioned.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in the charter or indenture to be made and executed as aforesaid, it shall be declared, that the said corporation to be thereby erected and established, for better enabling the same to answer all just demands upon the policies of assurance for loftes, deeds, contracts, or engagements, or otherwise as aforesaid, at any time or times during the continuance of the said corporation, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall have power in the general court of the said corporation, from time to time as the said corporation shall fee cause, to call in or direct to be paid from and by the respective members thereof for the time being, according to their respective shares in the capital stock which shall belong to the said corporation, any sum or sums of money subscribed by them to the said undertaking, and such further sum or sums of money, as by any general court shall from time to time be judged necessary, or be ordered to be called in or raised; and that all executors, administrators, guardians, trustees, or mortgagees, shall be indemnified in paying, and are hereby empowered to pay in their respective proportions of the money so called for; and in case any member or members, who shall be required to pay in money upon any call or calls to be made pursuant to this act, shall refuse or neglefr to pay his, her, or their share of the money so called for, at the time or times appointed for that purpose by notice inserted in the London Gazette, and upon the royal exchange in London, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation, and their successors, to flop the share, profits, or dividends, which shall from time to time become payable from the said corporation, to such member or members so neglecting and refuting, and to apply the same from time to time for or towards payment of the share of money so called for, and which ought to have been paid by such member or members so neglecting or refuting, until the same shall be satisfied, and also to flop the transfers and alignments of the share and shares of every such defaulter and defaulters, and to charge such defaulter or defaulters with interest, after

496. Public Local and Personal Acts [1800.

the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for the money so by him, her, or them omitted to be paid, from the time the same was appointed to be paid, until the payment thereof, and that the share and stock, and shares and stocks, of such defaulter and defaulters, shall be liable to make good and answer the fakl monies so appointed to be paid, and the interest thereof as a so refold; and in case the same principal and interest shall be unpaid by the space of three calendar months, then the said corporation, or the court of directors for the time being, shall have power to authorise such person or persons as they shall respectively think fit, to fell, assign, and transfer so much of the said stock or stocks of such defaulter or defaulters as will satisfy and pay the same, rendering the overplus (if any) to the proprietors; and the money so called for and paid in shall be deemed capital stock, and shall be written in the books of the said corporation, and the respective members paying the same shall have credit in the said books for their respective proportions or shares thereof; nevertheless the said corporation, and their successors, in a general court, from time to time, when they judge their affairs will admit thereof, shall or may cause any sum or sums of money which shall be so called in, or any part thereof, to be divided and distributed amongst the then members of the said corporation!, according to and in proportion to their respective share or shares which they shall then have of or in the capital stock of the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the particular share and shares of the respective members, of or* in the capital or joint stock of the said

corporation, from time to time shall be transferable, assignable, and devisable, and their bills, bonds, and obligations, fit all be assignable and recoverable in such manner and form as his Majesty, by the said charter or indenture, shall prescribe and appoint, as well in relation to such share and shares of stock, as in reference to such bills, bonds, or obligations respectively j and that the capital stock of the said corporation, intended to be created and established in pursuance of this act, and the share and interest of each and every particular member thereof and therein, shall be deemed and judged in all courts of law and equity, and elsewhere, to be a personal and not a real estate, and shall go to the executors or administrators of the person or persons dying possessed thereof or entitled thereunto, and not to the heir of such person or persons; any law, statute, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it forther enabled, That the capital stock of the said corporation, to he established pursuant to this act, shall, during the continuance thereof, be exempted, and it is hereby exempted, from any tax-s, rates, assessments, or impositions whatsoever, by act of parliament or otherwise, save and except the taxes, rates, assessments, impositions, and duties, imposed by an act passed in the present session of parliament, for repealing the duties imposed by an act made in the last fefliori of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war, and for granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the said duties; and that no person who shall be director, or other officer of the Laid corporation, to be created as aforesaid, shall for that cause only be disabled from being a member of parliament, nor shall, in respidt of such share or shares, be or be adjudged liable to be a bankrupt, within the intent and meaning of all or any of the statutes made of or concerning bankrupts; and that no stock in the said corporation shall be subject or liable to any foreign attachment, by the custom of London or otherwise; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, in and by the said charter or indenture, to grant to the said corporation, thereby to be created or constituted, power to make bye laws and ordinances, and such further powers, authorities, privileges, and advantages, relating to the objedrs of the said corporation, and fdi the management or regulation of the concerns thereof, as to his Majesty shall seem most expedient, and as in the same charter or inderitun

1800.] 39 Geo. III. c. 83*.

shall be expressed; and that the clause, and provisions to be mentioned in the said charter or indenture shall to all intents, effects, constructions, and purposes whatsoever, have the same force and effrdt as if the same had been contained in this act.

XX. And whereas it may be difficult hereafter for the said corporation to find sufficient land tax on houses, to purchase in manner directed by this act, unless they purchase land tax on houses in distant and remote parts of the kingdom, and may not be able to purchase land tax on houses without manifest loss and inconvenience; be it enacted, That if at any time it shall seem proper to the lords of the treasury, on representation made to them by the said corporation, to empower the said corporation to purchase land tax instead of land tax on houses, land tax so purchased shall be considered as an equivalent for the land tax on houses directed to be purchased by this act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the act made and passed in the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for registering the grants of fife annuities, and for the better protection of infants against such grants, or any clause or provision therein contained, shall not extend to or in anywise affect any annuities to be granted by the said corporation.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit the common seal of the said corporation, to be created and established pursuant to this act, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter any policy, d^ed, bill, bond or obligation, under the common seal of the said corporation, or shall offer to, dispose of, or pay away any such forged, counterfeited, or altered policy, deed, bill, bond, or obligation, knowing the same to be such, or shall demand the money therein contained, or pretended to be due thereon, or any part thereof, of or from the said corporation, or any of the officers of the said corporation, knowing such policy, deed, bill, bond, or obligation, to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud the said corporation, or any person or persons whomsoever, every such person or persons so offending, and being convicted thereof in due form of law, shall be guilty of felony, and suffer as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, judged, and taken to be a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges and other persons, without specially pleading the same.

[End of Vol. 42 Part 1.]

