THE

Statutes at Large

FROM THE

Thirty Second Year of King George II.

TO THE

First Year of King George III.

Inclusive.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES during that Period.

VOL. XXIII.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's-Inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan's Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1766.

CUM PRIVILEGIO

A

TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all such Acts as are extant in print, from the Thirty Second Year of King George II. to the First Year of King George III. inclusive.

Anno 33 Georgii II.

Cap. 1. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

Cap. 2. To enable his Majesty's lieutenants of the several counties, ridings, or places, in that part of Great Britain called England, to proceed in the execution of the laws relating to the militia, notwithstanding any suspension of the same; and for other purposes relating to the said laws.

Cap. 3. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

Cap. 4. To continue, for a further time, the prohibition of the making of low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from meal, flour, or bran.

Cap. 5. To continue, for a limited time, the importation of salted beef, pork, and butter, from Ireland.

Cap. 6. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 7. For granting to his Majesty several duties upon malt; and for raising the sum of eight millions by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of allowances in the gauging of corn making into malt; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Cap. 8. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 9. For preventing the excessive use of spirituous liquors, by laying additional duties thereon; for shortening the prohibition of making low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or other grain, and from meal, flour, and bran; for encouraging the exportation of British made spirits; and for more effectually securing the duties payable upon spirits, and preventing the fraudulent relanding or importation thereof.

Cap. 10. To enable his Majesty to make leases and copies of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of his dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 11. For taking down and removing the magazine for gunpowder, and all buildings thereto belonging, situate near Greenwich in the county of Kent; and erecting, instead thereof, a new magazine for gunpowder at Purfleet, near the river of Thames, in the county of Essex; and applying a sum of money granted in this session of parliament towards those purposes; and for obviating difficulties arisen upon an act made in the last session of parliament, for making compensation for lands and hereditaments purchased for his Majesty's Service at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth.

Cap. 12. For adding certain annuities granted in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, to the joint stook of three per centum annuities, consolidated by the acts of the twenty fifth, twenty eighth, twenty ninth, and thirty second years of his present Majesty's reign, and for carrying the several duties therein mentioned to the sinking fund; and for cancelling such lottery tickets as were made forth in pursuance of an act of the thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign, and were not disposed of.

Cap. 13. For allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers.

Cap. 14. For enlarging the times for the first meetings of of or trustees for putting in execution certain acts of this session of parliament.

Cap. 15. For rendering the exportation of culm from the harbour of Milford in the county of Pembroke, and the limits thereof, to the neighbouring counties, more easy to the proprietors and purchasers of the same; and for better securing the duties payable thereon.

Cap. 16. To continue several laws therein mentioned relating to the clandestine running of uncustomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the customs; to prevent the clandestine running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby; to the granting liberty to carry rice from his Majesty's province of Carolina in America, directly to any part of Europe, southward of Cape Finisterre, in ships built and navigated according to law; to the free importation of cochineal and indico; to the prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain and for allowing further time for making affidavits of the execution of articles or contracts of clerks to attornies or sollicitors, and filing thereof.

Cap. 17. To continue an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for the better encouragement of the making of Sail cloth in Great Britain.

Cap. 18. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating certain supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 19. For the more effectual securing the payment of such prize and bounty monies, as were appropriated to the use of Greenwich Hospital, by an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encouragement of seamen* and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy.

Cap. 20. To enforce and render more effectual the laws relating to the qualification of members to sit in the house of commons.

Cap. 21. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

Cap. 22. For limiting, confining, and better regulating, the payment of the weekly allowances made by act of parliament, for the maintenance of families unable to support themselves during the absence of militia men, embodied and ordered out into actual service; and for explaining so much of an act made in this session of parliament, intituled An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, as relates to the militia when embodied and in actual service; and for explaining and amending certain parts of the laws now in force, for the better ordering of the militia forces in that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 23. For enabling his Majesty to raise a certain sum of money towards paying off and discharging the debt of the navy; and towards naval services, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

Cap. 24. For applying the money granted in this session of parliament, towards defraying the charge of pay and cloathing of the unembodied militia, for one year, ending the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and for explaining certain parts of the acts for the better ordering of the militia forces within that part of Great Britain called England, relating to the money to be given to private militia men, upon their being ordered out into actual service; and to the cloaths of private militia men; and to the time of the commencement of the pay of the embodied militia.

Cap. 25. For continuing certain laws relating to the additional number of one hundred hackney chairs, and to the powers given for regulating hackney coaches and chairs.

Cap. 26. For reviving and continuing so much of an act made in the twenty first year of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to the more effectual trial and punishment of high treason, and misprision of high treason, in the highlands of Scotland; and also for continuing two other acts, one made in the nineteenth year, and the other made in the twenty first year of his present Majesty's reign, so far as they relate to the more effectual disarming the highlands of Scotland, and for securing the peace thereof.

Cap. 27. To repeal so much of an act passed in the twenty ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, concerning a free market for fish at Westminster, as requires fishermen to enter their fishing vessels at the office of the searcher of the customs at Gravesend; and to regulate the sale of fish at the first hand in the fish markets in London and Westminster; and to prevent salesmen of fish buying fish to sell again on their own account; and to allow bret and turbot, brill and pearl, although under the respective dimensions mentioned in a former act, to be imported and sold; and to punish persons who shall take or sell any spawn, brood, or fry of fish, unsizeable fish, or fish out of season, or smelts under the size of five inches; and for other purposes.

Cap. 28. For encouraging the exportation of rum and spirits of the growth, produce, and manufacture, of the British sugar plantations, from this kingdom, and of British spirits made from melasses.

Cap. 29. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, and to indemnify Justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, officers of the militia, and others, who have omitted to register or to deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes.

Cap. 30. For widening certain streets, lanes, and passages within the city of London, and liberties thereof; and for opening certain new streets and ways within the same; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 31. For regulating the proceedings in personal actions in the respective courts baron of the hundred of High Peak, and manor of Castleton, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 32. For draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the isle of Ely, and counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall river south, Plant Load and Brandon river north, bounded on the west by the river Ouse, and on the east by Winter Load, Earswell Brooke, and the hard lands of Mildenhall; and for impowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain fen lands lying within the limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands.

Cap. 33. To amend and render more effectual two acts passed in the eleventh and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several roads leading to and from the town of Derby, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 34. For making more effectual, and continuing the term, and enlarging and altering the powers, of an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the road leading from the city of Gloucester, towards the city of Hereford; and for repairing other roads in the county of Gloucester in the said act mentioned.

Cap. 35. For erecting piers, and other works, for the security and improvement of the harbour of New Shoreham, in the county of Sussex, and for keeping the same in repair.

Cap. 36. For repairing several roods leading to the town of Oakhampton, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 37. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts made in the fifth year of his late Majesty, and in the ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the road from Beaconsfield, in the county of Bucks, to Stoken Church in the county of Oxon.

Cap. 38. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from Market Harborough in the county of Leicester, to the pound in the parish of Brampton in the county of Huntingdon; and by one other act made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual the said former act.

Cap. 39. For repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road near the west end of the town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge; and also the road leading out of the said road over Darley Bridge to Cross Green; and also the road leading out of the last mentioned road, to the turnpike road near Rowesly Bridge, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 40. For extending the powers granted by an act passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the town of Wrotham, in the county of Kent, and from thence to the village of Foots-Cray, in the said county, to the road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the town of Maidstone.

Cap. 41. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the high road from the borough of Tamworth to Ashby de la Zouch, in the county of Leicester; and from Sawley Ferry in the said county, to a turnpike gate, at or near the end of Swarcliff Lane, leading to Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid.

Cap. 42. For repairing and widening the roads from Haleworthy, in the parish of Davidstow, in the county of Cornwall, to the east end of Wadebridge in the said county; and from the west end of Wadebridge aforesaid, into and through the borough of Mitchell in the said county.

Cap. 43. For enlarging the term and powers granted by several acts of parliament of the eighth year of her late majesty Queen Anne, the ninth year of his late majesty King George the First, and the fifteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the highways between the house commonly called The Horse-shoe House, in the parish of Stoke Goldington in the county of Bucks, and the town of Northampton, and the road from the north bridge of Newport Pagnel in the county of Bucks, to The Horse-Shoe House.

Cap. 44. For enlarging the term and powers contained in two several acts of parliament, made in the twelfth and sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the Dun Cow in the town of Dunchurch, to the town of Hillmorton in the county of Warwick; and from thence to Saint James's end, in the parish of Duston, in the county of Northampton; and for making the same acts more effectual.

Cap. 45. For extending and continuing the navigation of the river Wey, otherwise Wye, in the county of Surry, to the town of Godalming, in the said county.

Cap. 46. For repairing and widening the high roads from Hinckley to Woefull Bridge, and also from Hoo-ash Lane, through Old Lane, and from Swannington to Lee Gutter; and from thence to Melbourn Common, and from Ibstock to Measham, in the counties of Leicester and Derby.

Cap. 47. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads therein mentioned, lying in the counties of Derby, Leicester, and Warwick.

Cap. 48. For diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the roads from the town of Halifax, and from Sowerby Bridge, in the county of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Littleborough, in the county of Lancaster.

Cap. 49. To amend an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for making the river Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Winsford Bridge, in the county of Chester, and for the more effectual preserving and improving the navigation of the said river.

Cap. 50. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the market house in the town of Kidderminster, in the county of Worcester.

Cap. 51. For repairing and widening the road, from the bars at Boughton, within the liberties of the city of Chester, to Whitchurch; and from thence to Newport in the county of Salop, to Ivetsey Bank, in the county of Stafford; and from thence to Castle Bromwich, and Stone Bridge, in the parish of Hampton on Arden, in the county of Warwick; and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham in the same county.

Cap. 52. For rebuilding, widening, and enlarging, the bridge over the river Avon, in the city of Bristol, and erecting a temporary bridge adjoining; and for widening the streets, lanes, ways, and passages, leading thereto, and for building another bridge, over some other part of the said river, within the said city, if necessary; and for opening proper ways and passages thereto.

Cap. 53. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale, porter, or beer, brewed for sale, or vended, within the town and parish of Dalkeith.

Cap. 54. For raising money for finishing and compleating the repair of Leeds Bridge, in the county of York, and for the purchasing and taking down the houses and buildings, which straiten and obstruct the passage to and over the said bridge.

Cap. 55. For amending and widening the road, from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the south side of Worthy, in the county of York, where it joins to the turnpike road, leading from Rotherham to Manchester.

Cap. 56. For repairing and widening the roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw, and part of Jedburgh road, by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to Cornhill in the county of Durham; and for building a bridge over the Tweed, near Coldstream.

Cap. 57. For the amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the thirty nine mile stone, in the upper end of Stone Street, in the town of Maidstone in the county of Kent, to a certain place called Tubb's Lake, in the parish of Cranbrooke, in the said county.

Cap. 58. For repairing the roads from the town of Brecon, to the parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the county of Hereford, and for building a bridge over the river Wye, at Bredwardine Passage, in the same county.

Cap. 59. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads, leading to the borough of Launceston, in the county of Cornwall.

Private Acts.

1. An act for naturalizing Paul Amsinck the younger, and Helwig Lewis Tonnies.

2. An act to enable the most noble Francis duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable cut or canal, from, or near, Worsley Mill, over the river Irwell, to the town of Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster, and to, or near, Longford Bridge, in the township of Stretford, in the said county.

3. An act to enable John earl of Sandwich, Wellbore Ellis esquire, and Robert Nugent esquire, to take in Great Britain, the oath of office as vice treasurer and receiver general and paymaster general of all his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of the said offices.

4. An act to enable the governors of the hospital of King James, founded in Charter-house, to grant building, or other leases, of some parts of the estates of the said hospital, lying in the parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, and elsewhere, in the county of Middlesex, for such terms of years as are therein mentioned.

5. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the parish, township, and liberties of Sulgrave, in the county of Northampton.

6. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, meadows, pastures, and waste grounds, in the parish of Mackworth, in the county of Derby.

7. An act for dividing and inclosing the common field, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and waste grounds, in Marston Saint Laurence, in the county of Northampton.

8. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, in the parish of Hoby, in the county of Leicester.

9. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, within the parish of Lutcham, alias Litcham, in the county of Norfolk, and for extinguishing the rights of common or shackage, in the said common fields, and certain other lands, in te said parish, called Half-year Closes.

10. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields of Somerby, in the county of Leicester, and all the lands and grounds within the same fields.

11. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, waste grounds, and commonable lands, in the parish of Barford in the county of Warwick.

12. An act for inclosing and dividing the moor, or common, called Hunwick Edge, in the manor of Bondgate, and county of Durham.

13. An act to dissolve the marriage of Exuperius Turner esquire, with Elizabeth Louisa, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

14. An act to dissolve the marriage of Mark Goodflesh gentleman, with Elizabeth Fielding, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

15. An act to enable James Hammet, esquire, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Hamlyn only.

16. An act to enable Henry Stoffold, and Robert Stoffold, gentlemen, now called Henry Austen, and Robert Austen, and their heirs, to take and use the surname, and arms, of Austen, instead of their own surname and arms, pursuant to the will of Robert Austen esquire, deceased.

17. An act to qualify, and enable Samuel Hallet esquire, now called Samuel Farewell, and his heirs, to use and take, in exchange for his and their own surname, the surname of Farewell, pursuant to the will of Nathaniel Farewell esquire, deceased.

18. An act to enable Thomas Lewis esquire, and his heirs male, to take, use, and bear the surname and arms of Lloyd, pursuant to the will of Richard Lloyd esquire, deceased.

19. An act for naturalising Peter Trapaud, Nicholas Battier, Christopher Battier, John Ralph Battier, Abel Mitz, Peter Aubertin, John William Smith, Gabriel Anthony Ernst, Frederick Nicholas Graff, Emanuel Philip Bize, and David Samuel Henry Duveluz.

20. An act for naturalizing Maria Elizabeth Spencer, wife of Richard Spencer esquire.

21. An act for repealing an act of the parliament of Scotland, made in the year one thousand six hundred and eighty one, intituled, Act anent the salmond fishing in the water of Nyth.

22. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste grounds in the manor and constablery of Owston, in the west riding of the county of York.

23. An act for inclosing divers parcels of waste grounds, or commons, in Longton, in the county of Lancaster, and for enjoying part thereof as a stinted pasture, until the inclosure of the same.

24. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain common, or open piece of waste ground, in the parish or township of Harthill, with Woodhall, in the county of York.

25. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, meadows, and commons, within the lordship and liberty of Seagrave, in the county of Leicester.

26. An act for the dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadow, and common pasture grounds, and waste grounds, in the manor and parish of Hawksworth, in the county of Nottingham.

27. An act for dividing and inclosing the moors, commons, and waste grounds, in the manors of Ugglebarnby and Efedaleside, in the parish of Whitby, and county of York.

28. An act for dividing and allotting certain open arable fields, meadow, and pasture grounds, and commons, in the township of Hayton, in the county of Nottingham.

29. An act for selling part of the settled estate of Smart Lethieullier esquire, in the county of Essex, and for laying out the money, arising by such sale, in the purchase of other lands and tenements, to be settled to the uses of his marriage settlement.

30. An act for vesting the inheritance of certain estates, in the county of Northampton, part of the entailed estate of John Freeman esquire, in him, in fee simple, and for settling other estates in the counties of Wilts and Middlesex, in lieu thereof.

31. An act to enable John Coopey, doctor of physick, and Humphrey Brent Coopey, his brother, and their issue male respectively, to take and use the surname and arms of Brent, pursuant to the will of Humphrey Brent, late of the Middle Temple, London, esquire.

32. An act for naturalizing Rene Cornabe, and John Daniel Lucadou.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open and common fields, meadows, and commons, within the lordship or liberty of Barrow upon Soar, in the county of Leicester.

34. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor or lordship of Adwicke in the Street, in the county of York.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and waste grounds, of, and in, the manor, hamlet, and liberties, of West Farndon, in the parish of Woodford, otherwise Halse Woodford, in the county of Northampton.

36. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and waste grounds, in the manor and parish of Southam, in the county of Warwick.

37. An act for the dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, in the parish of Melton Mowbray, in the county of Leicester.

38. An act for inclosing and dividing the common fields, common meadows, and pasture grounds, within the parish of Folkesworth, in the county of Huntingdon.

39. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields of Broughton Sulney, in the county of Nottingham.

40. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields of Costock, otherwise Cortlingstock, in the county of Nottingham, and all the lands and grounds within the said open fields.

41. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common, in the township of Ardsley, and parish of Darfield, in in the west riding of the county of York.

42. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields of Hinckley in the county of Leicester.

43. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, commons, or wastes, and common meadow grounds within the manor and soke of Gatton, in the county of York.

44. An act for the inclosing and dividing divers parcels of commons and waste grounds, lying, and being in the several townships of Waalton on the Hill, and Fazakerley, in the parish of Walton on the Hill aforesaid, and county palatine of Lancaster.

45. An act for inclosing and dividing the common fields, common meadows, lammas grounds, and other common and waste lands, in the manor and parish of Aspley Guise, in the county of Bedford.

46. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Caddington, in the county of Nottingham.

47. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and common grounds, in the parish of Blakesley, in the county of Northampton, exclusive of the hamlet of Wood End, in the said parish.

48. An act for dividing and inclosing certain lands, in the parish of Clifton, in the county of Nottingham.

49. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, meadows, pastures, and waste grounds, in the parish of Frisby upon the Wreak, in the county of Leicester.

50. An act for dividing and allotting the common and waste grounds, open arable fields, meadows, and pastures, in the township and parish of Misson, in the counties of Nottingham and Lincoln, or one of them.

51. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields and grounds, in the manor and parish of Fletton, in the county of Huntingdon.

52. An act for vesting the inheritance of the rectory and tithes of Bedgeworth, granted, by King Henry the Eighth, to the late dissolved corporation of Bergavenny, and by them leased to Jesus College, in Oxford, towards maintaining a fellow and scholars, from Bergavenny School, and for vesting other rectories, and tithes, in the county of Monmouth, granted, by the said King Henry, to the said corporation, in trustees, for supporting the said school, and for relief of the poor of the said town.

53. An act for vesting certain estates, in Pensilvania, New Jersey, and Maryland, belonging to the proprietors of a partnership, commonly called The Pensilvania Land Company in London, in trustees, to be sold, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

54. An act to impower the most noble William, duke of Devonshire, to make leases, for any term not exceeding ninety nine years, of certain estates, lying in the parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the county of Middlesex, devised to him by the will of the right honourable Dorothy, countess of Burlington, deceased.

---

55. An act to enable John carl of Hopetouny curator of law to George Vanden Bempdty marquis of Annandale, his uncle, a lunatick, and the curator of law of the said marquis for the time being, to grant feus of certain lands, houses, and others, in the county of Dum/ries, and to exchange the lands therein mentioned.

56. An act for vesting several lands and tenements* in the parish of Chislehurst, in the county of Krnty given to charitable uses, for the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

benefit of the said with, in the right honourable Robert Bertie, esquire, commonly called lord Robert Bertie, and his heirs, and for making provision of greater value, instead thereof, for the benefit of the poor of the said parUh, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

57. An act to impower John Speneer, esquire, to make Jeafes of the manor of Wimbledon, and of lands and grounds in Wimbledon, Barnes, Mortlacke, Raft Sheen, Putney, and Wandsworth, in the county of Surrey, given and devised by, and purchased in pursuance of, the will of the most noble Sarah, late duchess dowager of Marlborough, respectively, in order for building upon, and improving, the same.

58. An act for sale of part of the settled estate of Sir Matthew Fe-therflon baronet, in the county of Ejfexj and for laying out the money, arising by such sale, in the the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

59. An act to enable George Keith, late earl marifchall, to sue, or maintain, any action or suit, notwithstanding his attainder, and to remove any disability in him by reason of his said attainder, to take, or inherit, any real or personal eflite, that may, or shall hereafter, defeend or come to him, or i which he was intitled unto, in reversion, or remainder, before his attainder.

60. An act for vesting certain tenements and hereditaments, in the county, of Suffix, settled by John Meres Fagge esquire, upon the marriage of Elizabeth* his daughter, with Sir John Peachy, baronet, in trustees, to convey the same to Sir William Peere Williams baronet, and for settling lands and hereditaments, in the county of Kent, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

61. An act for side of part of the entailed eftale of the late Fronds Charteris esquire, and for purchasing of other lands, to be settled to the same use.

62. An act for sale of the real estate of Thomas Beynon esquire, a luna-tie, so* discharging the incumbrances affecting the same, and for laying out the residue of the money, arising by such sale, in the pureba/e of other lands and hereditaments, for the benefit of the said Thomas Beynon, and his heirs.

63. An act for exchanging, certain messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the parishes of Backing-ham and Lewtsham, in the county of Kent, part of the estate late of Hugh Raymond esquire, deceased, for other lands and hereditaments, in the said parish of Beckingham, belonging to John Cator the younger, and for settling the lands, ib taken in exchange, to the same uses, as the lands given in exchange stand limited, and for enabling Jones Raymond and Peter Burrell esquires, to grant building leases of other parts of the estate, late of the said Hugh Raymond.

64. An act for felling certain manors, capital messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Hertford, comprised in a settlement made by William Strode esquire, deceased, and for purchasing, with the money arising by such sale* other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the like uses.

65. An act for settling the real estate of Jamesf Thomas esquire, deceased, pursuant to an agreement between^ is heir at law and devisec, for that purpose.

66. An act to enable the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter, at Westminster, and their successors, to make and grant unto

A TABLE tf the STATUTES.

Srith Jibes'JMalhrs, a'lealfc or k Nates, of certain piec& of ground, 'cmftfaagiest tenements, and here-" ditaments, corhprized within certain limits^ for a longer term of Vear^ than they are at present enabled to'^rant.

67. An act to impowef John Wally " the grandfather, and Mary Wally ( the guardian, of Anna Marla Wally - in infant, to execute articles, ' leases, or grants, for giving liberty to drive a Tough through an estate, called Cowley Estate; in the parishes v of barley and Toulgreave, in the county of Derby, descended to, and how vested in, the said Anna Ma-ViHa Wall.

68. An act to enable William Russel 'L esquire, and his issue, to take and ole the surname of Kempe only, pursuant to the will of William Kempe esquire, deceased.

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII II. Magnae Britannia, Franciae, & Hiberniae, tricesimo tertio.

AT the parliament begun and bolden Westminster, the thirty Jirfi day of May, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and fifty, in the twenty seventh year of the reign of our sovereign Lord GEORGE the by the grace of GOD, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations to the thirteenth day of November, one thousand hundred and fifty nine, being the seventh session of this present parliament.

CAP. I.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty. 4l. in the pound.

CAP. II.

An act to enable his Majesty's lieutenants of the several counties, ridings, or places, in that part of Great Britain called England, to proceed in the execution of the laws relating to the militia, notwithstanding any suspension of the same \ and for other purposes relating to the said laws.

WHEREAS several of his Majesty's lieutenants of several Preamble, counties, ridings, or places, within that part of Great Britain called England, in pursuance of the power vested in them by an act made in the thirty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and enforcing, an act made in the then loft section of parliament, for the better ordering the militia forces in that part of Great Britain called England, have suspendedall farther proceedings in the execution of the said acts, until the next year; and others of the said lieutenants, until March and April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty} so that no proceedings can be had till the

t Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 2: [1760.

said limited times are expired: and whereas the speedy carrying into execution the several provisions made by lawy for the better ordering the militia forces of that part of Great Britain called England* is mofi essentially necessary, at this juncture, to the peace and security of tens kingdom: therefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords tybere a suffi- spiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament assembled, cient number That from and after the passing of this act, his Majesty's lieu-of qualified tenant of any county, riding, or place, where a sufficient num-En toac*t ^>cr 0^Persons have not ^ecn qualified and willing to ac-commissions^ cept commissions of field officers and captains respectively, as have not been were equal to the number requisite for any one battalion of ths found within militia within such county, riding, or place, shall, and they are any county, hereby required, within one month after the passing of this act* the lieutenant to summon a meeting, at some certain place within such county, is to summon riding, or place, of all persons qualified and willing to serve as a meeting, officers in the militia of such county, riding, or place, in order V, t^th°fter cvcry Person qualified, and willing to accept any such mffing of this commission, may, at such meeting deliver his name in writing, aft, of all per- or cause it to be delivered to his Majesty's said lieutenant, or, in fons qualified case of his absence, to such person as shall be authorized by such and willing to hcutenant to receive the same, specifying also the rank in which cew^toddU he is willing to serve; and his Majesty's said lieutenant (halt ver in their proceed thereupon, and also in the further execution of the names; provisions of the said acts, in like manner, and to all intents and is to pro- and purposes (except as is herein after excepted) as if such pro-further execu-cec<*n?8 had not been suspended as aforesaid, and as he and they tien of the respectively ought to have done, in case a sufficient number or laws relating persons so qualified and willing to serve aforesaid had been found to the militia, in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight: and in been no fuf- cvcrY county, riding, or place, where a sufficient number of pension there- officers shall not be found at the first meeting held in pursuance of 5 of this act, the lieutenants of such county, riding, or place,

f* ^ummon 2 meeting within such county, riding, or place,

purposes^re ^orhe same purpose, once in every succeeding month, until a tobesummon- sufficient number of officers qualified and willing to serve as shed monthly, foresaid, have been found; or until the expiration of the act for till a sufficient the better ordering the militia forces in that part of Great Bri-

x&r*>*i

selyes, or until the expiration of the militia laws.

The like me And be it further enacted, That the like method shall be

thod wheman. annually observed during the continuance of the said acts, for nually observ. carrying the same into execution, as is directed in and by the ed for carry- foid act of the thirty first year of his present Majesty's reign to t.hc be observed in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty cution^if6* save anc* except. That the first general meeting of the

directed by lieutenant and deputy lieutenants thereby directed to be held on aft 31 Geo. *, the third Tuesday in August, shall, from and after the twenty fifth to be observed jay of £)ecmbery one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, be 175*! annually held on the second Tuesday in January.

except, " That the first general meeting of lieutenants and deputy lieutenants shall be mially held on the ad Tuesday in January.

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio GEORGII II. C. 3, 4, 5. 3

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no- 6f^frn?lice tice of the time and place of ajl such meetings shall be given by mutinies to be the lieutenant of every such county, riding, or place, in the advertised in London Gazette, and also in some one or more of the weekly the London papers (if any such there be) usually circulated within such Gazette, and county, riding, or place, at lead six days before the day ap- y*pointed for such meeting.

CAP. III.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

CAP. IV.

An act to continue, for a further time, the prohibition of the making of low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from meal, flour, or bran.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the prohibition of the making of low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from meal, flour, or bran, is near expiring, and it is expedient the same Should be continued; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Act 30 Geo 2.]

That an act made in the thirtieth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from any meal or flour, which by several subsequent acts was continued until the twenty fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine;

[and act 32 Geo. 2.]

and also so much of an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to continue, for a further time, the prohibition of the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch; and also to continue, for a further time, the prohibition of the making of low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from meal or flour; and to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines and spirits from bran, as prohibits the making of low wines and spirits from bran; which was to continue until the twenty fourth day

[further continued to 24 Dec. 1760, unless the continuation thereof be shortened by any other act of this session.]

of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, shall be, and the same are hereby continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty; unless such continuation of the said acts, or of any parts thereof, shall be abridged or shortened by any other act to be made in this present session of parliament.

CAP. V.

An act to continue, for a limited time, the importation of salted beef, pork, and butter, from Ireland.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the permitting the importation of salted beef, pork, and butter, from Ireland into this kingdom, hath been found useful and beneficial, and that the time allowed for that purpose

4 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 6, 7. [1760.

is near expiring, and it is expedient that the same Should be prolonged; may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Act 32 Geo. 2. further continued to 24 Dec. 1760.]

That an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to permit the importation of salted beef, pork, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time, and to amend the said act, which was to continue in force until the twenty fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

CAP. VI.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. VII.

An act for granting to his Majesty several duties upon malt 5 and for raffing the fam of" eight millions by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said duties j and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of allowances in the gauging of corn making into malt j and for making forth duplicates ot exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

[Preamble.]

The following duties to take place from and after 8 Feb. next, via. Malt made in England to pay 3d. per bushel, over and above all other duties payable thereon. Malt made in Scotland, and also malt brought from Scotland into England, to pay id. sq. per bushel, over and above all other duties payable thereon. The duties to be ascertained, paid, See. in all respects, where not otherwise provided for, as irenacted with respect to malt tax. See. of this present session. Malt in hand on 8 February 1760, whether ground or unground, to pay 3d. per bushel in England; and 1 cf.q. in Scotland $ to be paid by the possessors, over and above all other duties payable thereon. The duties upon flock in hand on 8 February ty^o, to be under the receipt and management of the commissioners and offices* of excise. Commissioners impowered to appoint proper officers for tfre purpose. Account of flock in hand to be returned by the proprietor* "to the next office of excise, on 8 February, or within 10 days after, on penalty of 501. and forfeiture of the malt unretumedi Duties to be paid within a month after, on forfeiture of double the sum. Officers of excise*to take an account of the said flock in hand, and free access and entrance, &c. to be allowed them for that purpose, on penalty of sol. Penalty of clandestinely removing or concealing flock in hand, before duty paid,ol. j and the malt so removed or concealed5 and the perfoa, in whose custody the same shall be found, not giving due notice before the discovery, to forfeit also los. per bushel. The powers, &c. in aft 12 Car. 2. and other laws relating to the excise, extended to the duties on flock in hand on 8 February 1760. Exception. Penalties, in relation to the duties on stock in hand, to be recovered or mitigated as is prescribed with respect to other duties of excise; and to go, one moiety to the crown, and the other to the informer or prosecutor. Like drawback and allowance to be made of the duties paid for flock in hand on 8 February, in case any part of the same shall happen to be destroyed or damaged, as is authorised to be made in the like cases by act 9 Geo. 1. Gauge of the bushel, for measuring stock in hand, to be the same as is appointed by act 12 Anns. Malt brought from Scotland into England, after 8 February 1760. tarbe entered with the j proper officers, in like manner, and under the like penalties, as is pre-

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 7.

scribed by the malt act of this session, and to pay 3 d. per buihe), unless a certificate be produced of its having paid id. 2a. duty in Scotland, in which case to pay only id. iq. per bushel. No allowances, abatements, or additions, to bt made to maliters, &c. in respect of the duties granted bjr this act, other than such as are allowed in the like cases by the malt aa of this session. On demanding the bounties upon exportation, the duties to be deducted out of the valuation of the malt j and the bounty to be paid under the regulations, &c. prescribed by the malt act of this session. Malt contrafted to be sold before 8 Feb. but not delivered, the buyer to pay the duty. Malt made and entered for exportation only, according to the regulations prescribed by act 12 Geo. 1. &c. exempted from the duty payable by this act; but no drawback of the duties of this act to be allowed on the exportation. Where rents are payable in malt, or according to the price thereof, the tenant may deduct the duty. Malt in hand subject to duties in arrear, and penalties incurred. No part of these duties are liable, during the payment of any other malt duties, to any charges of, collection or management, or to oe applied towards encouraging the fisheries or manufactures in Scotland: exception. Separate accounts to be kept of these duties $ and of the monies anting thereby into the exchequer. These duties appropriated for the payment of the annuities chargeable on the monies borrowed on the credit of this act. Contributors who have already made deposits of 151. per cent of the sums so subscribed by them, towards the purchase of annuities on the sum of 8, 000, 0001. to be raised on the credit of this act, are to make their further payments, viz. jol. per cent, by 26 Feb. 10l. per cent, by 25 March, iol. per cent, by 29 April, 10). per cent, by 31 May, iol. percent by 3 July, 15l. per cent, by 14 August, iol. per cent, by 16 Sept, and the remaining iol. per cent, by 29 October. Contributors paying in the whole of the subscriptiorjs on or tifore 16 Sept, to be allowed interest for the same, at the rate of 3 1. per cent, per anp. from the time of such payment, to 29 Oct. Annuities to carry 4l. per cent, for 2t years; and after the expiration of that term,

3l. per cent. The 4l. oer cent, annuities to take place 5 Jan. 1760. An* unities to be paid half-yearly; viz. on 5 July, and 5 Jan. Subscribers for every sool. subscribed, and for which a deposit of 15l. percent, has been made, are intitled to a lottery ticket 3 to carry 4l. per cent, for 20 years, to commence j Jan. 17613 and after the expiration of that term, to carry 31. per cent. These annuities to be paid half yearly, viz. on 5 July, and 5 Jan. Annuities transferfable. Cashier of the bank to give receipts for the monies paid in which are assignable at any time before 5 Jan. 1761. Cashier to give security 5 and to pay the monies into the exchequer. CUHitr, on receipt of 15L per cent, of the sum llibscribed, to give a note for the delivery of 1 lottery ticket for every 1001. subscribed, Treasury to apply the monies to the services voted by the commons. Contributors names, &c. to be entered in the office of the accomptant general of the bank. Duplicate thereof to be transmitted into the auditor's office by 5 July, ij6 % The monies anting by the duties of this act appropriated to payment of the annuities. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, to forfeit their deposits. Accomptant general to give credit for the sums named in the certificates 5 which may be trans. taxed, and carry 4l. percent, interest for 21 years 5 and after the expiration of that term, 31. per cent. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Duplicates of the said tickets to be prepared in books with two columns, on each of which 40, 000 tickets to be printed. Chance of the tickets in the books with two columns, to be determined by the drawing of the tickets in the books with 3 columns 3 and the same numbers in both intitled to equal chances. Managers to examine the books of tickets, and deliver them to the receivers 3 talking receipts for them. Receivers shall cut out, and deliver signed tickets to the contributors, who may also sign the same. Receivers to return the books with the remainder of the tickets. Tickets of the middle columns, to be rolled up, and fattened with silk; and cut off indentwise into a box marked with the letter (A.) Box to be locked up and foaled. Books to be prepared with 2 columns, on each of which / B 3 40, 00#

9

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii }I. c, f. f 1760.

ao, oooo tickets to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. 500 1. to the lirft drawn ticket, and 1000l. to the last drawn. Tickets of the outermost columns of the last mentioned book to be rolled up and tied, and cut out indentwise, into a box marked with the letter (B) Box to be locked up and sealed. Publick notice to be given of times of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on 17 Nov.

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

1760. Method to be observed in drawing, &c. After each day's drawing, the boxes to be locked up and sealed. Numbers of the fortunate tickets, and the sums to be printed. Disputes relating thereto, to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty of forging tickets or certificates, felony. Managers to be sworn. The oatn. Managers, &c. to be paid by the of of the treasury out of the lottery money. Limitation of sale of chances, Sec. Penalty, persons felling shares in tickets of which they are not possessed, to forteit 5001. Offences committed in Ireland against acts for preventing unlawful lotteries, declared to be punishable, and may be sued for in Dublin. After the drawing of the lottery, the tickets to be exchanged for certificates. Managers to give notice of the time for taking in the tickets, and delivering out the certificates. See. Books to be kept for entering persons names, and the number of their tickets, &c- Certificates to be ligned, &c. Accomptant general to give credit for the principal sums iij the certificates. Alignments may be made of the said sums. See. Certificates to be filed and cancelled, and notes to be given in lieu thereof. A chief cashier, and accomptant general, to be appointed by the bank for paying the annuities. Treasury to issue money for that purpose to the said Cashier, who is to account for the same. Accomptant general to examine the receipts and payments of the cashier. Annuities deemed a personal estate. See. Annuities deemed a joint stock; and made transferable. Clause of redemption. Transfer books to be kept by the accomptant general. Method of transferring stock. Annuities deviseable by will. Entry to be made of such clause in the will. Transfernot liable to stamp duties. Treasury to pay all incident charges attending the execution or this act; and to make an allowance to the cashier, and accomptant general; to be at the dispofaPof the governor and company of the bank. Bank to continue a corporation till these annuities be redeemed, Sec. No fee for payment of contribution money* Penalty. Exchequer tallies and orders made out in pursuance of an act of the last session for raising 1,000, 0001. thereon, may be received as calli in part of the deposits, or future payments, of the contribution monies subscribed on the credit of this act. Tallies to be thereupon cancelled, and the orders filed, as discharged. Officers indemnified for so doing. Tallies or orders which shall be in course of payment at the Exchequer, not to be received in payment of the said contributions. Deficiencies of the exchequer, Sec. how to be made good. Sinking fund to be replaced. Surplus monies how to be applied. Malster not suffering the grain in the cistern or uting-fat to be covered over with water, and remain there 40 hburs, is not intitled to the usual allowance of bushels in ao. In charging the duties by gauge. Where it shall appear by affidavit before the barons of the exchequer, that any exchequer bills, lottery tickets, &c. h^ve been burnt, loft^ or otherwise destrewed, the proper officers, upon the producing to them a certificate thereof from the barons, and security given them, are to make forth duplicates of the said bills, See. and pay oft1 the interest due thereon. Treasury impowered to sign the duplicates where necessary.

CAP. VIII.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 9. 7

CAP. IX.

An act for preventing the excessive use of spirituous liquors, by laying additional duties thereon \ for shortening the prohibition of making low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, wok, or other grain, and from meal, jSour, and bran 5 for encouraging the exportation of British made spirits; and for more tffcftually securing the duties payable upon spirits, and preventing the fraudulent relanding or importation thereof \

WHEREAS the high price of spirituous liquors bath been a* principal cauft of the diminution of the home consumption thereof, and hath thereby greatly contributed to the health, sobriety, end industry, of the common people: and whereas it is therefore of the utmost importance to the publick welfare, that some timely prowf fion Should be made for preventing the return of all those mischiefs which must unavoidably ensue\ in case such spirituous liquors Should again be suffered to be sold at as low a rate as formerly: and foraf- much as the most effectual and expedient method of continuing the high price of spirituous liquors, will be by laying a large additional duty on such spirituous liquors j may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty first day of April, one The addition# thousand seven hundred and sixty, there shall be raised, levied, al duties fol-collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, { laid on throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for the several kinds i^ors^tc^take ef spirituous liquors herein after mentioned, specified, and enu- place from merated (over and above all duties, charges, and impositions, and alterx by any former act or acts of parliament thereupon respectively April, 1760. Jet, rated, and imposed) the several additional rates and duties of excise, herein after mentioned and expressed; that is to say.

For every gallon of low wines, or spirits of the first extraction, The duties, made or drawn from any sort of drink er wasti, brewed or made from any sort of malt or corn, or from brewers wash or tilts, or any mixture with such brewers waft* or tilts, to be paid by the distillers or makers thereof, five pence.

For every gallon of strong waters, or aqua ville, made for sale of the materials aforesaid, or any of them, to be paid by the distillers pr makers thereof, one shilling and threepence.

For every gallon of low wines, or spirits of the first extraction, made or drawn from any foreign or imported materials, or any mixture therewith, to be paid by the distillers or makers thereof, one shilling and three pence.

For every gallon of spirits made or drawn from any foreign or imported materials, or any mixture therewith, to be paid by she distjlless or inkers thereof, eight pence,

fi 4

S' Anno tricesimo urdo Georgii II. c. $. f. cffo

For every gallon of low wines; or (pints of the firi. extraction, made or drawn from cyder, or any fort or kindjof British r % ' materials, except those before mentioned, or any mixture theii-

with, to be paid by the distillers or makers thereof; six pence three farthings.

For every gallon of spirits made for side from cyder or any fort or kind of Brkish materials, except those before mentioned, to be paid by the distillers or makers thereof, one shilling and one penny three farthings.

For every gallon of single brandy spirits, or aqua vit<r, imported into Great Britain from beyond the seas, to be paid by the importer before landing, one shilling.

Tot every gallon of brandy spirits, -or aqua vita, above proof, commonly called Double Brandy, imported into Great Britain from beyond the seas, to be paid by the importer before landing, two shillings.

II. And, for the better ascertaining, charging, colle&iag, raising, levying, and securing the rates and duties by this.> impoted on the said spirituous liquors, and preventing frauds The dujw m therein, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That un*?er the re.C such rates an<* duties by this act granted as are charg-

Ceipt and ma- ed upon spirituous liquors made, extra died, and manufactured nagement of in, or imported into, England\ Wales, or the town of Berwick the comm if- upon Tweed, shall be under the receipt and management of the ficSVof1ex- cotn^issioners and officers of his Majesty's revenues of excise in cife there} England for the time being$ and such or the said rates and duties and those in as are imposed by this act upon spirituous liquors made, extract Scotland, un- ted, jhuJ manufactured in, or imported into Scotland, shall be snifhonenTnd under the receipt and management)f the of and of-of Ecers of ex- ficers of excise in Scotland for the time being; and the said Recife there. spective commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, have hereby power, by commission under their respective hands and r The monies seals, to conftkute and appoint under them such officers as shall anting the re- be necessary in that behalf: and all monies arising by the/ said imotheci?^ duties in Great Britain, or any part thereof (the necessary charges ctonw/at* raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from Westminster, time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exebe-iepirate from quer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other branches brandT^ of^ publick revenues; and shall stand appropriated and be the publick ppltod to the same uses and purposes respectively as the present revenues. duties on spirituous liquors are now applicable and appropriated

The additional duties upon rum imported from the British plantations, to be paid in like manner as the former duties charged thereon.

unto.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the additional rate or duty hereby charged upon rum or spirits of the growth, produce, or ananufe&ur*, of the British sugar plantations, imported into this kingdom, (half be paid and payable in such manner only, and undier suchr emulation* and restrictions, as the hues and duties of excise heretofore, charged on such rum or spirits as are now by law'paid and payable,

1760.] Anno tricesimo teido Georgii II. c. 9;

IV. And whereas by an act made in this present session of parliament, it was enacted, That an act modi in tht thirtieth year of his pro-

font Afayeftys reign, intituled An mEt to prohibit, for a limited Act jo Gso.t. time, the making of low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from any meal or flour; which by several subseydent acts, was continued until the twenty fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine; and aj/bjbmuch of an act made in the loji session of parliament, intituled, G An act to continue, for a further time, the prohibition of the10*

exportation of corn, malt, meal* flour, bread, biscuit, and starch; and aKo to continue, for a further time, the prohibition of the making of low wines and foirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other Jbrt of grain, or mom meal or flour; and to prohibit for a limited time, the making of low wines and spirits from bran, as prohibits the making of low wines and spirits from bran; which was to continue until the twenty fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, Should be, and the same were thereby, continued from the expiration thereof \ until the twenty fourth day December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, unless such continuation of the said acts, or of any parts thereofshould, be abridged or Jbortened by any other act to be made in this present session of parliament; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The prohibf- from and after the twenty first day of April, one thousand seven tien of extrac-hundred and sixty, the prohibition established and eoa&ed by die tsM acts of making, extracting, or distilling, low wines and js foirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, and tioned in the mom meal, flour, or bean, or any mixture therewith, and all recited a£U, penalties, powers, and regulations, in the said acts, lb far as thetaken off*same could or might extend or operate with respect to the making of low wines and spirits from the materials aforesaid, after the said twenty first day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, shall cease, and be no longer in force or effect, aqy thing in the said acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autlio- unless during sky aforesaid, That if at any time cur times after the said twenty the recess of first day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, during parliament, the recess of parliament, the price of wheat shall exceed forty wh^Hhall ^f eight shillings the quarter Wimbefter measure, for two successive exceed, for e market days, in the port of London, and it shall appear expedi- successive errtto his Majesty, his heirs, or faccefiors, to prohibit the tnak->arkct

ing of low wines and spirits from wheat, barky, malt, and any Jer huh^pert other sort of grain, and from meal, flour, and bran, or any of London) mixture therewith, it shall and may be lawful to and for his in which case, Makfty, his heirs, and faccefiors, from time to time, by his or the Kins may, their royal proclamation; or proclamations, to be issued by and t^contTnqt with the advice of his or their privy council, or by his or their the prohibit ofcricr in council, to be published in the London Gazette, from don. time to time, to prohibit the making, extracting, or distilling, of goy. kind of low wines or spirits from any wheat, barky, malt, and any other sort of grain, and from meal, flour, and bran, or any mixture therewith, for any time or times during such

io Anno tricesimo t*rtio Georgii II. c. 4. f tj66.

reccfs, or until twenty days after the commencement of the then next session of parliament.

VI. And whereas the oath appointed bp an act of parliament made in the sixth year of his Majestfs reigns intituled An act for repealing

Act 6 Geo. 2. an act for laving a duty on compound.waters or spirits; and for licencing the retailers thereof; and for determining certain duties on French brandy, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for enforcing the laws for preventing the running of brandies, to be token by the exporters of spirits drawn from corn in Great Britain, has prevented the exportation of such spirits after they have been rectified; be it therefore enacted by the authority TV oath to aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty first day of April betaken by one thousand seven hundred and sixty, upon the exportation of the exporter, such redified spirits, instead of the oath aforesaid, in order to intitle the exporter to the drawback, allowance, or bounty, on the drawback, the exportation thereof, oath shall or may be made that the same instead of the were drawn or made in Great Britain from com, without any °Hlh apfoint" mixture with any other materials, cither native or foreign, excited afo FC" ccPt w^at has been necessary for the rectifying thereof; and that the duties of the said spirits have been duly paid; and that the said spirits are to be really and truly exported as merchandize to be spent beyond the seas.

VII. And, for the further encouragement of the exportation of spirits drawn or made in Great Britain from the materials aforesaid, or any of them, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty first day of April one thousand

An additional drawback

seven hundred and sixty, there shall be an additional drawback of or allowance of twenty four pounds ten shillings for every ton4.1. ios. per of such spirits so drawn or made in Great Britain, which shall ton allowed be exported to parts beyond the seas; and upon oath being made 'made f*Frits1 ^ore any two or more of the commissioners of excise, or justices exported; of the peace for the county or place from whence any such spirits Oath being are intended to be exported, that the duties of the same are duly made of the paid, and that the same are to be exported for merchandize to be the duties A*0* beyond the seas; and upon producing a certificate under and aUcertifi- th* hand or hands of the officer or officers of excise for the port bate produced or place where such spirits were shipped, of the quantities so of the quanti- shipped, and that the same were proof spirits, and shipped in the and th^' presence of such officer or officers; the distiller or distillers, or same being other person or persons exporting the same, shall be allowed or proof spirits. paid bsxrkby the commissioners of excise, or their collector for the port or place where such spirits shall be shipped off, the said additional drawback or allowance of twenty four pounds ten shillings for every ton of such spirits so shipped off, and so m propor-The fa fi°n ^or or left quantity; and that the same drawbacks

drawbacks am* allowances which are given by this or any former act or adfcs and allowan* of parliament now in force on the exportation of British made ccs to be made spirits to parts beyond the seas, as merchandize, shall be allowed on spirits (hipt an(j pajj to the distiller or distillers, merchant or merchants, bn as ores; ^their shipping any such spirits as (lores to be spent

and consumed on board in any voyage to parts beyond the seas:

If#Q-} Aim? tricesimo tenlo Gpo&Gii II. c. 9# 11

and when any distiller or distillers, merchant or merchants, shall gjvl'*g P1?-be defurous of shipping any such spirits as (lores as aforesaid, and ^nd

shall give five days notice thereof to the respective of of the deftina. of excise, or to such other person or persons as they shall respect tien of the Uvely, from time to time, appoint for that purpose, mentioning voyage, the in such notice the exact destination of the intended voyage, the and\aBd*a*° tonage of the ship or vessel, and the number of the mariners intended to be employed in navigating the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective commissioners of excise, and the proper or the person or persons so to be respectively appointed by them officer afeer-as aforesaid, to ascertain the quantify of such spirits which shall taming the be shipped on board such ship or vessel as (lores, and for which such quantity, and, drawbacks and allowances shall bepaid, and also theiize and marks, ar{^fa5£ q£ the cask or casks in which such spirits shall be so shipped; and vessels; on oath being made before any one or more of the of oath being Of excise, or justices of the peace for the county or place from also made that whence any such spirits are intended to be exported, or before ^5* such other person or persons as shall be respectively authorized by paid.y the respective commissioners of excise for that purpose, that the duties of the same are duly paid, and that the fjme are to be shipped as (lores to be spent and consumed in the voyage 5 an(j a certi-and upon producing a certificate under the hand or hands of the ficate pro-officer or officers of excise for the port or place where such spirits duecd of the were shipped, of the quantity so shipped, and that the same were £|£jnt, ty proof spirits, and shipped in the presence of such officer or offi- cert; the distiller or distillers, merchant or merchants, shipping same as aforesaid, shall be allowed or paid back by the commiJConers of excise, or their collector for the port or place where such spirits shall be so shipped, the said drawbacks and allowances for such spirits so shipped as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, That neither the said drawback or allow. No drawback

apee, or any other drawback, allowance, or bounty, shall be made allowed for.or be paid for any quantity of such spirits which shall be exported as any spirju merchandize in any cask which shall contain less than one hun- ^h'andize 4red galions; nor shall any such drawback or allowance what-, n casks con-(qever be made or paid for any quantity of spirits which shall be taining less exported as merchandize, or shipped for (lores as aforesaid, thatth*n 100 shall be shipped on board of any vessel or vessels of less burden £0* tapped than one hundred tons. 01l board vef-

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- fels under too tfiority aforesaid, That in case any such spirits shall be enteredon5 burden-. fqr exportation to Ireland, or his Majesty's plantations in Amt- gj^e°bondt0 ruay the exporter or exporters thereof, in order to intitle him, fnd security her, of themselves to the drawback or allowance given by this in double the a#, or any other drawback, allowance, or bounty, shall, before

the shipping of the spirits, and the granting any such certificate ^aifbcduly m consequence thereof, give bond, with sufficient security, to exported to, bU Majesty, his heirs, and successors, to be approved of by the and landed respective commissioners of excise for the time being, or any three where the of them, or by such person or persons as they shall, from time enTe^r^for to tuncj appoint for that purpose, in double the value of the exportation*

goods.

and not exported to or relanded in any other place.

The bonds

12 Anno tricesimo tertio GEORGII IL 0*9.' [1760.

goods, drawback, allowance, and bounty, that the same, and every part thereof, shall (the danger of the leas and enemies excepted) be really and truly exported to, and landed in, fudi polrt of the kingdom of Ireland, or such place in his Majesty's plantations in America, for which the same was so entered for exportation; and that the same shall not be exported or carried to any other place or country whatsoever, nor relanded in any part of Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney % Sari, or Man, or either of them; and such bonds so entered into shall not be delivered up or discharged, until a certificate net to be dif- shall be produced under the hand and seal of the collector, comp-c^ilcateb^ tro^c|k* or surveyor of the customs, or other chief officer of the produced*Portn Ir*kitd'> or the plantations in America, where such fpi- from the pro- rits shall be landed, testifying the landing thereof, and describ-officer ing the number of the casks or other package containing the spirits, and the particular marks of such casks or package, and thtteef^the exa<ft quantity of spirits landed, and also testifying, that the9matter, mate, purser, or other person having the charge of the ship or vessel during the voyage in which the said spirits were exported, had made oath before him. That the said spirits, and every part thereof, were fairly landed there, and that at the time of landing the y were of the same quality as when shipped on

and, of*ath roadie by the matter, dec.

were fairly landed there, and without any fraud in the quantity or quality of the spirits { and oath also made by the exporter at home, that the spirits were disposed

mC board; and that no part of such spirits had been wilfully or frau tr dnicntlydiminiftted, relanded, or unshipped,(ince the exportation'

thereof (which oath the said respective officers in Ireland, and the plantations in America, are hereby impowered to administer) and until oath shall be made before the respective commissioners of excise in Great Britain for the time being, or any one or more of them, or such other person or persons as they shall respetflivcty appoint for that purpose (who is or are hereby respectively impowered to administer suchoath) by the merchant exporter (if living) that to the best of his, her, or their knowledge or belief,

____the said spirits had been disposed of at the place or places men-t

of at theplace tioned in the oath referred toin the certificate: and the condition mentioned in of all suchbonds to be given for the exportation of any such spirits fed to to produce such certificate in six months

certificate. from date thereof (the danger of the seas and enemies excqit-

Certificates ed) and the condition of all such bonds to be given for theex* from Ireland, portation of any such spirits to the plantations in America> shall to be condi- be, to produce such certificate in eighteen months from the date rmrne^wkh- thereof (the danger of the seas and enemies excepted:,) and in in 6 months} case any such spirits shall be entered for exportation to any other and from A- parts beyond the seas in Europe, then the exporter or exporters merica, within thereof shall, before the shipping of such spirits and the granting Uk!Tfecuri"t cert^cate> g>ve bond, with sufficient security, tq his Ma-

&c. to be given jesty, his heirs, and successors, to be approved of as aforesaid, on exporting in double the value of the goods, drawback, allowance, and bounty, that the same, and every part thereof shall (the danger of the seas and enemies excepted) be really and truly exported to, and landed in, such port or place for Which the same was so entered for exportation; and that the same shall not be exported 0*

spirits to any other parts of Europe}

car*

tylSo.) Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 9. 13

carried to arty other place or country whatsoever, or relanded it* any part of Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey,

Alderney* Sark, or Man, or either of them: and such bonds so and like cer-entered into shall not be delivered up or discharged, until a like t, ficates he Certificate shall be produced under the hand and seal of the Brt- J^m^he British consul, or other person acting as such, in the port or place tifli consul in where such goods shall be entered for and landed, and the like thofeporti, &c. oath made by the merchant exporter, if living (which respective oaths the respective British consuls, or other persons acting as such, and the respective commissioners of excise, or other person or persons as they shall respectively appoint, are hereby respectively impowered to administer) and the condition of such And thecer-last mentioned bonds shall be, to produce such certificate in fif- tificates to b*. teen months from the date thereof (the danger of the seas and conditioned enemies excepted:,) and in case any such spirits shall be entered to he returned for exportation to any parts beyond the seas in Africa, then the exporter or exporters thereof (nail, before the shipping of such Like feourity, spirits, and the granting such certificate, give bond, with suffi- &c. to be, cient security, to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, to be given uR°n approved ot as aforesaid, in double the value of the goods, drawback, allowance, and bounty, that the same, and every part thereof, shall (the danger of the seas and enemies excepted) be really and truly exported to, and landed in, such port or place for which the same was so entered for exportation; and that the same shall not be exported or carried to any other place or country whatsoever, or relanded in any part of Great Britain^ or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or '

either of them: and such bonds so entered into shall not be delivered up or discharged, until proof is made by the oath of the and \\^ oats, mailer, mate, purser, or other person having the charge of the to be made

ship or vessel during the voyage in which the said spirits were by the mater exported, that the said spirits, and every part thereof, were fairly landed or disposed of in or on same part of the coast of

Africa, and that at the time of being so landed or disposed of they were of the same quality and condition as when shipped; and that no part of such spirits had been wilfully, or fraudulently diminished, or relanded in any part of Great Britain, or the i 1-lands of Guernfy* Jersey, Alderney, Sark, ox Man* or either of them; and by the oath of the merchant exporter (if living) that, an(j to befup-to 4he best of his, her, or their knowledge and belief, the said ported by the feints had been disposed of at the place or places mentioned in oath of theex-tncf oath made by the master, mate, purser, or other person pomr* having the charge of the ship or vessel during the voyage; which the said proofs proof shall be made within eighteen months from the date of each to.h.made respective bond, which respective oaths last mentioned the re- tilths!* spective commissioners of excise in Great Britain for the time being, or such other person or persons as they shall fefpedlively The bonds appoint for that purpose, are hereby respectively impowered to ad- may be put i mirdfter: and in case no such certificates shall respectively be suit' lf produced, or proof respectively made as aforesaid, within there- proofs be not fecftivettmeshercin before mentioned, it shall and maybe lawful dulyproduced, for the said respective commissioners of excise to cause such bonds

exportation or as.store*, shall be fraudulently relanded, or not exported,

(except in ca-

14 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 9.

to be put in suit, unless they shall find sufficient cause to forbear th same; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. Andy for the preventing the relanding of such spirits after the re r*> fme be shippedy be it further enacted by the authority afore-entered for*said) That from and after the said twenty first day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty, in case any such spirits entered as merchandize for exportation, shall not be really an<i bona fide shipped and exported (the danger of the seas and enemies excepted) or in case any such spirits entered as merchandize for exportation, or shipped for stores, shall be landed again in any part of Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jerseyr Ai.Alderney, SarkyOV Many or either of them, unless in case of distress tCSbe <^kC*to kve goods from perishing, which shall be presently made knownforth- known to the officer or officers of excise, and the principal offi-with to the cers of the customs in the port, then not only all such spirits, properofficers) and the casks or other package, shall be forfeited and lost, but ae 1 iablet a x^e person or persons w^ho shall bring, or cause or procure be forfeited to relanded such spirits, or any part thereof, into any part of with the pack- Great Britain, or of the islands or Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney> Sort* age, together or Man9 or either of them, or be assisting or otherwise concerned wtthdouble the; a the unshipping the same, or to whose hands the same shall drawSwk ll knowingly come after the unshipping thereof, or by whose pri- vity, knowledge, or direction the said spirits, or any part thereof, shall be so relanded, shall forfeit double the amount of the drawback, allowance, and bounty, for such spirits, and the casks and other package containing the same, together with the and the boats, vessels and boats, and all the horses, or other cattle, and carriages carriage"&c whatsoever, made use of in the landing, removing, carriage, or employed in*conveyance of the same, which shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise; and if any master, commander, or other person, belonging to any ship or vessel, shall assist in, or connive at, the fraudulent landing any such spirits as aforesaid, he, she, or they (over and above all other penalties provided by this or any other act or acts now in force) shall, for every such offence, suffer imprisonment for the space 6°monthst* mont's without bail or mainprize: and in case the package of such spirits so entered as merchandize for exportation, or

any part thereof, shall be altered at any time after the shipping thereof, and before the arrival of the ship at the port or place of discharge, the master or other person taking charge of every such ship or vessel shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XI. And, for the preventing of frauds which may be committed in the exportation of such spirits so drawn or made in Great Britain, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty first day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and sixty, all such spirits so to be exported shall be proof spirits; and in order that the same may be properly examined, and the casks marked, When any person or persons shall be desirous of shipping any quantity of such spirits, they afe hereby required to give notice thereof in writing

relanaing the same;

and the mailer, &c. if

Sto, or ng there in, may be

and if the package be altered before arrival at the place of discharge, the master forfeits iool. All spirits to be exported are required to be proof spirits.

day* notice is for be given, before the Clipping

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 9. 15

to the officer of excise of the division or place where such spirits thereof, to are intended to be shipped, five days next before such spirits be put on ship-board; in which notice shall be expressed the*number of calks, and the quantity of spirits so intended to be shipped 5 and it shall be lawful to and for the gaugers, or other who is to officers of excise, to mark all and every such calks or other pack-mar, c the age* in such manner as the respective commissionets of exciset^efamples* shall direct, before such spirits are shipped; and also before the paying for shipping thereof, as well as when on ship-board, to take a sample the same hf j or samples, not exceeding one pint in the whole out of each ofdemanded.) the said calks, or other package, containing such spirits, paying for such (ample or samples (if demanded) according to the market price spirits of the like quality shall be sold for at the time such sample or samples shall be taken: and in case any person The penalty or persons shall put on ship-board any such spirits for exporta- on giving tien 2$ merchandize, or to be used as storeii, without having given such notice as aforesaid, or shall obstruct or hinder the the officerhv gangers, or other officers of excise, in the marking such casks, the execution or in taking such sample or samples, he, she, or they shall re- of his duty, iv spectively forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of one hun-IooI' dred pounds: and if the spirits so intended for exportation as and the penal-merchandize shall, after the shipping thereof, be altered or re-y of altering-duced in quality or quantity, after any officer or officers of-SeIqu^er* dfe shall have examined the same, the said spirits, and the calk quantity of or calks, or other package or packages, containing the same, the spirits, shall be forfeited and lost, and the person or persons who shall^Fer have so altered or reduced such spirits, or caused or procured the so^ureof same to be altered or reduced, shall forfeit and lose the sum of the (pints, one hundred pounds for every such offence; and no drawback, and 1001. &c. allowance, or bounty, shall be allowed for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The penalty That if iny person or persons shall knowingly or wittingly grant

any folfc certificate, or counterfeit, erase, pr alter, any oath or cate. or councertificate made or given pursuant to this act, or shall knowingly terfeiting or or wittingly publish or make use thereof, such person or persons altering any shall forfeit five hundred pounds; which forfeiture shall and may ^a£T be prosecuted in any of his Majesty's courts of record at West- making use minjisr, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; one moiety thereof, is whereof to be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and fuccel- 5°°1* fors, and the other moiety to him or them who will sue for, pro- to

fecute, and recover the same; wherein no essoin, protection, or aiMj the other wager of law shall be allowed, nor any more than one impar- to the prose-lance; and such oath or certificate so falsified, counterfeited, cutor.^era fed, or altered, shall be invalid, and of no effect.

XIII. Ana, for the more effectual securing the payment of the duties upon /pirits, be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaW, That from and after the said twenty first

<$ay of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, every per- perf0ri4iiable Ion or persons making or keeping any wash, cyder, or other ma- to be deemed' terials fit for distillation, and having in his, her, or their poss common di-session or occupation, any dill or (tills, containing separately orftlllers*

together

and tb be surveyed, &c. accordingly.

Distiller is to give 6 hours notice to the proper officer, before charging his Hill j

except within the times herein mentioned and not charging his Hill at the times, or in an hour after, f reffi notice to be given3 and if he charge his (till, except within the times limited, without due notice, he forfeits tool, and using above v quarter of wheat, to s quarters of other grain in his grilt for wash; he forfeits 50 L

Recital of danfcs in a&l Q*o.i.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c/9; [1766.

together ten gallons or upwards 3 proof being made thereof bJ the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses before any one or more of the commissioners of excise for the time being* or one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, who are hereby respectively empowered to administer the fame3 shall be deemed and taken to be a common distiller for sale, and shall be liable to the several rates and duties of excise, and be subject to the survey of the officers of excise, and to the several penalties and forfeitures imposed by this or any former act or acts of parliament now in force, in any wise relating to distillers 5 any law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And for preventing of frauds that may be committed by distillers charging their stills privately with wash that has not been duly taken an account of by the officers of excise, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty first day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and sixty, no distiller, or maker of low wines, spirits. Aqua Vit*y or strong waters, shall, on any pretence, begin to charge his or her stiff with wash, spirits, or other materials, without first giving to the proper officer or officers of the division or place where his or her distilling-house shall be situate, six hours notice at the least, of his or her intention to charge such still, unless at such times as are herein after mentioned 3 that is to fey. From the twenty* ninth day of September, to the twenty fifth day of Marche yearly, between the hours of five in the morning and eight in the evening 3 and from the twenty fifth day of Marche to the twenty ninth day of September, yearly, between the hours of three in the morning and nine in the evening: and in case such distiller or maker of low wines, spirits. Aqua Kitay or strong waters, shall not begin to charge his or her still at the time mentioned in such notice, or within one hour next after, such notice shall be void 3 and the distiller shall be obliged to give another like notice in writing, before he or she begins to charge his, her, or their still: and if any distiller or distillers shall begin to charge his, her, or their still or stills with wash, spirits, or other materials, except within the respective times aforesaid, without having first given such notice or notices respectively, every such distiller or distillers shall, for every such offence respectively, for- feit and lose (he sum of one hundred pounds.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authorityafore-feid. That from and after the said twenty first day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, if any distiller or distillers, in preparing his grift for wash, in order for distillation, shall use, or cause to be used, more wheat than in the proportion of one

Suarter of wheat to two quarters of any other grain, every such iftiller or distillers shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

XVI. And whereas by an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Firffi intituled An act to prevent the clanacstine running of goods, and the danger of in-section thereby 3 and to prevent ships betaking their quarantine;

and

i/So.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 9. jy

and to ftibjaft copper ore, o; the production of the British plantations, to such regulations as other enumerated commodities of the like production are subject; it was enacted, That if any foreign brandy, arrack, prong waters, spirits, of any kind what-

fever, Should, from and after the twenty first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and twenty two, imported or brought into Great Britain, <?r irf* 007 harbour, haven, or creek thereof in any ship, vessel, or boat, of the burthen of forty tons, <?r under, according to the admeasurement prescribed in the act therein mentioned (except only for the use of the featnen then belonging to and on board pub ship, vessel, or b at, not exceeding two gallons for each such seaman) every such ship, viff el, or biat, with all her tackle, furniture, apparel, 17// brandy, arrack, strong waters, or /pints,

cr the value thereof, Should be forfeited, and Should and might be [sized by any officer or officers of the customs, and Should and might be prosecuted and divided in such manner and form as was prescribed.

in certain acts therein mentioned: and also further enacted That if any boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, rowing, or made or built. J

to row, with more than four oars, Should be found within the limits: therein mentioned, such ooat, wherry, pinnace, galley, with

all her tackle and furniture, or the value thereof\ Should be forfeited,

<mi Should and might be seized by any officer or officers of the cupoms.; and the owner or owners thereof or any person using or rowing in < such boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, Should also forfeit and Use the fan of forty pounds; with a proviso, exempting certain vessels therein mentioned from the said forfeitures: and by the fold aft it was directed. That, the ship, vessel, or boat, importing foreign brandy, arrack, strong waters, or spiri 's, or such boat, wherry, pinnate, barge, or galley, as aforesaid, Should, after condemnation thereof, be burnt and wholly defrayed; and the tackle, furniture, and cpparel thereunto belonging, be publickly sold to the be ft advantage: and whereas by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his anj n Geo. 1. late Majesty, intituled An act for the improvement of his Ma-jefhr's revenues of customs, excise, and inland duties, the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs were impowered to cause any such ship, vejftl, boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley (except as before exceptedJt which Should be seized and condemned as aforesaid, to be used by the officers of his Majesty's custom$, together with the tackle, furniture, apparel, and materials belonging the reunto, the officer or officers woo seized the same being first paid his or their share or /bares: and whereas by an act made in the eleventh year of the reign of his said late Majesty, for more effectually preventing frauds and abuses in the publici revenues; for preventing frauds in the salt duties; and for other purposts; certain powers were given to the officers of the revenue of excise to enter into any ship or vejftl within the limits of any port in this kingdom, and search for and seize arrack, rum, brandy, spirits, or strong waters, and coffee, tea, cocoa nuts, chocolate, and cocoa paste, with the packages thereof, in the manner and for the reasons therein mentioned: and whereas no provijhm is made by the laws in being, to impower the officers of excise to seize any ships, Tftffch* boats, wherries, pinnaces* barges, or gallies,

18 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 9. [1760.

and it would be a further miens to prevent the clandestine importation of spirituous liquors^ if they were impawned to seize such >bipsy vessels, boats, wherries, pinnaces, barges, or gallies, in the same man-Office f ner °JPcers of cufl°m may now bgally A # be it therefore exciters well enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said as those of the twenty first day of Aprtly one thousand seven hundred and sixty, customs, may it shall and may be lawful to and for the officers of excise, and every of them, and they and each of them are hereby required teVorieited* to k*zc an^ every such ships, vefleis, boats, wherries, pin* by the recited naces, barges, or gallies, as are declared to be forfeited for any act* 5 of the reasons contained in the said acts, or any of diem, in like

manner as the officers of the customs may now legally do; and proceed which ships, vefleis, boats, wherries, pinnaces, barges, or gal* to condemns- lies, so seized by the officers of excise, shall and may be pro-bke!nan*net as cecc*c^ against and condemned by such forms, ways, and mc-2, done by the thods, on the part and behalf of his Majesty and the officers of officers of the excise, as now are or may be ufod on the part and behalf of his customs, Majesty and the officers of the customs; and after condemnation, burnt, destroyed, or used, and the tackle, furniture, and apparel thereof, disposed of and applied by and under the direction of the commissioners of excise and their officers, in like manner as is directed with respect to the commissioners of the customs and their officers.

XVII. And wbneas many evils have arisen to the publick by reason of the compounding or rectifying of spirits by prisons practising the trade or business of making or difiiUing spirits from corn or grain; Malt distiller be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from compounding and after the twenty first day of Aprils one thousand seven hun-or rectifying dre<i ancj sixty, if any person practising the trade or business of Gi^hrandy ma*ng> extracting, or distilling, low wines or spirits from com or other com- or grain, or any mixture therewith, or having any interest, share, pound spiritu- or property, in any such trade or business, shall, directty or in-ous liquors, directly, either by him or herself, or any other person or persons in trust, or for his or her benefit, rectify, compound, or make, any sort of spirits into the liquor commonly called Gin* or into brandy, or any other compound spirituous liquors what* forfeits 100l. soever, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and his heirs anc* Pay ^um one hundred pounds; and that the heirs, or executors, executors, administrators, or assigns, of any person who shall, &c. are dif- after the said twenty first day of Aprils one thousand seven hun-abled to sue dre(i an(j sixty, have been guilty of the offence aforesaid, shall any debtConCr not hc intitled unto, or maintain any cause, action, or suit, for that trade. recovery, either in law or equity, of any sum or sums of money, debt or demand whatsoever, on account or by reaibn of any interest or property in, or profit or advantage arising in respect of, any spirits made, extracted, or distilled from corn or grain, or any rc&ified or compounded spirituous liquors whatsoever.

The powers,

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, t^CS*clau"es That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, me-&c mad^ix. thods, penalties, and forfeitures, daufcs, matters, and things. Car. a. or in which in and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 9. 19

King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the any other law court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights fervid and purveyance; and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty tcnde^toThi* in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force, relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto (not otherwise altered by this act) mall be exercised, practised, applied, used, imposed, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for the securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying, the duties and penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing, frauds relating thereto, as folly and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all an4 every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act,

XIX. And be it further enacted and declared by the autho- Recovery, rity aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed mitigation, by this act, not hereby otherwise directed to be recovered, shall penal-be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, t\et^g^nc-means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or ral,

may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise (not otherwise directed by this act) or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at West* mnfttr, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XX. And be it hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing done by virtue, or in pursuance of this

ad, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue. General ifluv.

+and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence in his or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or actions, or be non-suited, or judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants

[Treble costs.]

shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

o Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. ioi [1760.

CAP. X.

An act to enable his Majesty to make leases and copies of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of his dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same \ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS his mcjl excellent Majesty now stands seized of the dutchy of Cornwall, and the possesstons thereof: and whereas some doubts may arise in relation to his Majesty's granting leafeSi and making copies of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of his said dutchy, or thereunto annexed or belonging: for obviating whereof, and for the ease and quiet of the minds of such persons as have taken, or shall hereafter take leases from his said most excellent Majesty; and to the end that such persons may be sure to have good and indeftaxable estates, and be encouraged to lay out monies in building and repairing, or otherwise improving the several lands and tenements to them demised, or to be demised; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Leases and parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all grants made leases and grants, made or to be made, by copy of court roll, by copy of according to the custom of the respective manor or manors or'lT letters dutchy, or thereunto annexed or belonging 5 and all

patents or in- leases and grants made, or to be made within seven years next dentures with-ensuing, by letters patents or indentures, under the great seal in 7 years to of Great Britain or seal of the court of Exchequer, or by copy of offices °and$y court ro^> according to the custom of the respective manors, of or heredlta-any offices, roefluages, parks, lands, tenements, or heredity ments, parcel ments (other than honours, lordships, or manors) parcel of the of the dutchy possessions of the said dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, or annexed* ^a'l 8ooc* anc* e^c<^ua^n ^aw> according to the purport and thereto de- contents of the same copies, leases, and grants, against our fove-clared to be reign lord the King, his heirs, and successors, and against all and good against every other person or persons that shall at any time hereafter the crown; have, inherit, or enjoy, the said dutchy, by force of any act of parliament, or by other limitation whatsoever. so as such JI. Provided always, That every such lease or grant so made,

or to be made, be not for more than one, two, or three lives, for more than c, ., rr c

3 lives, or 31 oror one anc* thirty years, or under, or for some term of years

years} or a determinable upon one, two, or three lives, and not above; and

term deter- jf such leases or grants be made in reversion or expectancy, that

lives a^SuT the fame> together with the estates in possession, do not ex-

most: S a ceed three lives, or term of one and thirty years, and be not

and if in ex- in any wise made difpunishable of waste; and so as upon every

pe&ancy, or such lease, or grant be, or shall be, reserved the antient or most

not^xceedine U^Ua* relit> 0F more> or relit as h31*1 ^een reserve£l, field-3 lives, or 31 ed, or P3^, for the same manors, lands, or hereditaments, for the years, greater part of twenty years next before the making of the said

and so as the leases; and where no such relit hath been reserved or payable, d^uniffiable t*iathen, upon cveryfuc^ kafe# there be, or shall be, reserved of waste i

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 11, 2Jr

a reasonable relit, not being under the twentieth part of the clear and the usual yearly value of the manors, mefsages, parks, lands, tythes, tene- rfcnr*.roents, or hereditaments, contained in such lease or grant; ^none bc^ and all leases and grants otherwise made, or to be made, shall fore, a reaion-be null and void. able relit be

III. And be it further ordained and enacted by the authority ^erved* aforesaid, That all covenants, conditions, reservations, and other nams^cf in agreements, contained in every lease, grant, or copy of court fUCh leases or roll, made or to be made, as aforesaid, shall be good and effec- grantsdeemed tual in law, according to the words and contents of the same, good in as well for and against them to whom the reversions of the same lands, tenements, and hereditaments shall come, as for and against them to whom the interest of the said leases, grants, or copies shall come, respectively, as if our sovereign lord the King's majesty, at the time of making such covenants, conditions, and reservations, and other agreements, were seised of an absolute estate, in fee Ample, in the same lands, tenements, or Hereditaments.

IV. Saving always, to all and every person and persons, bo- Reservation of dies politick and corporate, their heirs, and successors, execu- rights, tors, administrators, and assigns (other than to our said sovereign lord the King, and his heirs and successors; and the duke and dukes of Cornwall for the time being, and his and their heirs 5 and all and every other person and persons that shall hereafter have, inherit, or enjoy, the said dukedom of Cornwall, by force f of any adfc of parliament, or other limitation whatsoever) all such rights, titles, estates, customs, interests, tenures, claims, and demands whatsoever, of what nature, kind, or quality so-ever, of, in, to, or out of, the said offices, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any of them, as they, or any of them, had or ought to have had before the making of this act, to all intents and purposes, and in as large and ample manner and form, as if this had never been had or made; this act, or any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XI.

An act for taking down and removing the magazine for gunpowder, and all buildings thereto belonging, situate near Greenwich in the county of Kent; and erecting, inllead thereof, a new magazine for gunpowder at Purfleet, near the river of Thames, in the county of Essex; and applying a sum of money granted in this leflion of parliament towards those purposes; and for obviating difficulties arisen upon an act made in the last session of parliament, for making com pen fat ion for lands and hereditaments purchased for his Majesty's service at Portsmouthj Chatham, and Plymouth.

[Preamble.]

The powder magazine near Greenwich, to be taken down, and removed, by the board of ordnance, and a new one, together with barracks, &c. to be erected at Purfleet. Commissioners to be appointed by his Majesty for surveying, &c lands, See proper for that purpose; who are impowered to enter upon and set out the lands, 6cc. accordingly.

The lands. Scc. so surveyed, veiled in trustees; in trull for the persons interested, till payment of the purchase monies. Commissioners impowered to treat for the absolute purchase of such lands. Agreement* entered into deemed valid. Where persons shall refuse, or qeglcft to treat,

C $ or

r

r

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. C." 11/ [1760.

or shall be dibbled from treating, the of are to issue their warrant to the sheriff of the county, to fumraon and return a jury to ascertain the value of the premisses. Sheriff to attend at the retum of the warrant, with his officers, to prove the Summoning the jurors. Jury may be challenged. Sheriff neglecting his duty, may be fined in a Sum not exceeding xol. and juryman in a Sum not exceeding 101. Fines to be returned into the exchequer. Where a Sufficient jury shall not appear, the inquest may be adjourned, and a fresh warrant issued for returning double the number of jurors making default. Twelve Sufficient to take the inquest. Witnesses may be Summoned, and examined upon oath. Notice to be given of the days appointed for the meeting of the juries. Witnesses refusing to attend, or to give evidence, may be fined in any sum not exceeding 5l. Orders and decrees of the of, and verdicts of the juries, and the judgments thereupon, are to be final and conclusive to all parties. Surveys, orders, judgments, agreements, and verdicts, to be entered at length in proper books; and copies thereof to be ingrossed on parchment, and certified Dy the of to the clerk in Chancery, and the remembrancer of the exchequer. Certificates of the purchases to be given by the of to the proprietors, and bills for the lums due to be made out by the Surveyor general of the ordnance; and debentures thereupon to be granted them, with interest after the rate of1. per cent, per ann. The trustees thereupon deemed to ft and foiled of the premises. In case of refofal to accept such certificates, they may be deposited with the clerk of the peace for Essex, Sec. Where the premisses shall belong to any corporate body, or to other persons under a disabilty to take and dispose of the purchase money, it is then to be paid over to the dep. remembrancer for their use. Aft 31 Geo. The monies payable by the recited and present acts, to corporate bodies, or persons under a legal disability to receive and apply the same, to be paid over to the dep. remembrancer; who is to grant certificates for the same to the owners and proprietors; which are to he filed in the exchequer. The money received by him to be paid into the bank, Barons of the exchequer impowered to make orders for placing out the monies in the funds, and for payment of the dividends thereon, or laying out the principal in other purchases, to be settled and applied to the same uses. All mortgages, firocks, &c. vetted by this or the recited acts in the deputy remembrance?, to vest, upon his death or removal, in his successor, subject to the same trulls; and the monies then remaining in his hands to be paid over by his executors. See. If there shall be no dep. remembrancer, the trulls, See. under the present and former acts, are to vest in the principal remembrancer. The mills at Purfieet to be taken down; and the fleet to be left open; and proper flood-gates to be erected to keep out the sea water, and permit the fresh water to go off with the ebb tides, See. The fleet to be under the commissioners of sewers for the levels of Avely and W. Thurrock; but the expences of the repairs, Sec. to be paid out of the monies granted for the orananee service. Commissioners impowered to hear and redress grievances of the owners and occupiers of lands; and make satisfaction for damages. 15, 0001. granted out of the supplies for the year 1760, towards removing the said magazine, and building a new one. Board of ordnance to appoint officers for carrying this act into execution. Accounts to be laid before parliament. Charges of this act to be first pad. Limi-mitation of actions. General issue. Treble cofb.

23

1y€0.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. i il

CAP. XII.

An for adding certain annuities granted in the year one thousand seven hundred and fity nine, to the joint stock of three per centum annuities, consolidated by the

a3s of the twenty fifth, twenty eighth, twenty ninths and thirty second years of his present Majesty's reign, and for carrying the several duties therein mentioned to the sinking fund-, and for cancelling such lottery tickets as were made forth in pursuance of an act of the thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign, and were not disposed of I

WHEREAS in pursuance of an act of parliament made in

the thirty second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, PreamWc4 An afor granting to his Majesty a subsidy of poundage upon certain goods and merchandizes to be imported into this kingdom; and an additional inland duty on coffee and chocolate; and for raising the sum of six millions six hundred thousand pounds. by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said subsidy and additional inland duty; several persons, bodies politick or corporate, have advanced and lent the sum of six millions six hundred thousand pounds, upon the credit of the subsidy of poundage upon certain goods and merchandizes to be imported into this kingdom, and tie additional inland duty on coffee and chocolate, by the said act granted, for the purchase of annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, transferable at the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament: and whereas an additional capital of fifteen pounds, was by the said act directed to be added to every one hundred pounds advanced towards the said sum of six millions six hundred thousand pounds, amounting to nine hundred and ninety thousand pounds, to be attended with like annuities, after the rate oj three pounds per Centum per annum: and whereas it is thought necessary that the said principal sum of six millions six hundred thousand pounds, together with the said additional capital of fifteen pounds added to every one hundred pounds advanced towards the said sum of six millions six hundred thousand pounds, amounting h nine hundred and ninety thousand pounds, Should be (with the consent of the proprietors thereof, to be signified within the time herein after mentioned) added to, and made a part of, the joint stock of three pounds per centum transferable annuities at the bank of England; and that the charges and expences in respect thereof, Should be charged upon, and paid out of, the fund, commonly called The sinking fund, until redemption thereof by parliament, in the same and like manner as the annuities aforesaid are paid and payable; and that the subsidy of poundage upon certain goods and merchandizes to be imported into this kingdom, and the additional inland duty on coffee and chocolate, which, by the said act, were made a fund for payment of the said three pounds per centum annuities, Should be carried to, and made a part of, the said fund, commonly called The sinking fund: may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be cqacted; and be it enacted by

24 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 12. [1760.

the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confenr of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority, of the The principal same. That from and after the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, the principal sum of six millions borrowed on ^lx hundred thousand pounds, borrowed by virtue of the said the credit of before recited act, together with the said additional capital of the recited act* fifteeen pounds added to every one hundred pounds advanced together with towards the said sum of six millions six hundred thousand pounds, capital of amoun: ing to nine hundred and ninety thousand pounds, carry-990, 0001. ad- ing an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum ded thereto, per annum, payable at the bank of England, shall, with the con-to be made, fear of the proprietors as aforesaid, be added to, and made a

of thvproprie- Part i0, nt t'iree Pounc*s Per centum transferra'-Ie

tors, part of annuities at the bank of England, consolidated by the acts made the joint (lock in the twenty fifth, twenty eighth, twenty ninth, and thirty fe-of 3l. per cent. Cond years of his present Majesty's reign, and shall be trans-fididate?by" ferrable at the bank of England; and the charges and expences acts*5,8, ^19, in respect thereof, shall be charged upon, and paid out of, the & 32, Geo. /fjnd, commonly callejl The sinking fund* until redemption and thecharg- thereof by parliament, in the same and like manner as the an-ou^of the*4 nu*t, es consolidated as aforesaid are transferrable, and as the sinking fund, charges and expences in respect thereof are payable; any thing in the fai J act made in the thirty second year of his present Majesty's reign, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. Proprietors H* be }t fart^er by the authority aforesaid, That

diflcnting"to ^uc*1 proprietors who shall not on or before the twentieth day enter their of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, signify their dissent on or dissent to such consolidation as aforesaid, in books to be opened ^e^rCxoJunc> at the bank of England for that purpose, shall be deemed and 17 taken to assent thereto 3 any thing to the contrary thereof in any

'wise notwithstanding.

The duties

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, appropriated That all the monies which have arisen since the fifth day of Ja-for payment nuary % one thousand seven hundred and sixty, or that shall or the annui- may hereafter arii'e, of the subsidy of poundage upon certain bTeon t belaid £°°ds and merchandizes imported, or to be imported, into this principal kingdom, and the additional inland duty on coffee and choco-sums, to be late, which were made a fund for payment of three pounds carried to the^r conium per annum, at the bank of England, on six millions fix sinking fund > hundred thousand pounds, borrowed, by virtue of the said act made in the thirty second year of the reign of his present Majt-fty, towards the supply of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, as also on the said additional capital of fifteen pounds added to every one hundred pounds advanced towards the said sum of six millions six hundred thousand pounds, a-thounting to nine hundred and ninety thousand pounds, shall and nnde a carrjed to, and made a part of, the fund, commonly calied, part t ereo j nkingfund; and the same shall be deemed and taken to be' and to be appart of the said sinking fund, and shall be issued and applied to plied apeord- such uses an(j purposes as the several excelfes, surplusses, orover-

plus

25

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 12.

plus monies composing the said sinking fund, are or may be issued and applied; any thing in the said before recited act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for grant- <3*0". ing to his Majesty a sum not exceeding one million fifty thousand and five pounds and five shillings, to be raised by way of lottery; the managers and directors of the said lottery were required to cause such of the tickets contained in the outetmofi column of the books to be prepared in pursuance of the said act, which Should not have been disposed of to contributors, and also the tickets upon which defaults of payments Should have been made, to be delivered into the receipt of his Majestfs exchequer, there to be retained and kept as cash, to be tffued and disposed of for the purposes of the said act, in such manner as the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them then beings or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the tmmissioners of the treasury for the time being, Should dire ft: and whereas the managers and directors of the said lottery did, in pursuance of the said act, deliver into the receipt of his Majestfs exchequer, six hundred and forty seven thousand two hundred and eighty

*ne tickets, there to be retained and kept as cash, which, at one pound one shilling each, amounted to the sum of six hundred and seventy nine thousand six hundred and forty five pounds, one shilling: and whereas the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury did afterwards by their warrant appoint Robert Jennings, John Dive, Barwell Smith,

Daniel Wray, and Frederick Atherton Hindley, to receive from his Majesty's exchequer the said six hundred and forty seven thousand Jwo hundred and eighty one tickets, and to sell and dispose of the same\ who accordingly did receive the said tickets from the tellers of the said receipt, and did sell and dispose of sixty six thousand five hundred and seveniy four tickets, part of the said tickets, which, at one pound one shilling each, amounted to sixty nine thousand nine hundred and two pounds, fourteen shillings, and paid the said sum into the said receipt of exchequer, and did return five hundred and eighty thousand seven hundred and seven tickets, which remained in their hands undif-pojed of, into the said receipt, which are now retained and kept as cash there, and, computed at the rate of one pound and one /billing each, amount to the sum of six hundred and nine thousand seven hundred and forty two pounds and seven shillings \ be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law- The commis-foi to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or sioners of the any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time ?Jfafu.ry to being, to issus the said five hundred and eighty thousand seven forcancdline, hundred and seven tickets to any person or persons whatsoever, such lottery5* to be by them cancelled and destroyed, that thereby the tellers tickets as were of his Majesty's receipt of exchequer may be discharged ofmade forth* the total amount of the cash or value of the said five hun-^j^ot dred and eighty thousand seven hundred and seven tick- acts, and were ets, at the rate of one pound one shilling each; and not disposed that the said Robert Jennings, John Dive, Barwell Smith, Daniel0*' f Wray, and Frederick Attyrtqn Hindley> shall be and are herebyenrs> fre0^jiifcharged of their account touching the same; and the discharged of

managers

26 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. i j'5 [176b;

their account managers and directors of the said lottery, or any five or more touching the of them, or the person or persons in whole custody the columns same. containing the duplicates of, and thr^tickets of the numbers and

d°-1* corresponding with the said five hundred and eighty thou* plicates. U" ^an(1 seven hundred and seven tickets, do or shall remain, may, and is and are hereby authorized and impowered to cancel and destroy such part of the said columns as contain the said duplicates, and tickets of the corresponding numbers and classes, as aforesaid; any thing in the said act, or any other act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XIII.

An act for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by paptfts; and for relief of protestant purchasers.

Preamble, re-

WHEREAS by a clause An an act of parliament passed in the citing the acts third year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for 3 Geo. x. explaining an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to oblige papills to register their names and real estates, and for enlarging the time for fuih registering; and for securing purchases made by protestants 5 it was enacted, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, no manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or any interest therein, or relit or profit thereout, shouli v pass, alter, or change, from any papifi, or person prof effing the popish religion, by any deed or will, except such deed, within six months after the date, and such will, within six months after the death of the testator, Should be inrolled in one of the King's courts of record at Westminster, or else within the same county or counties wherein the manors, lands, and tenements, lie, in such manner as therein for that purpose is particularly directed: and whereas by several acts of par-10 Geo. i, Hament made in the tenth year of his said late Majesty's reign, and

tec. in the third, sixth, ninth, eleventhy twelfth, sixteenth, and nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it was enacted, That every deed and will which had been then made since the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest therein, or relit or profit thereout, from any papist or person prof effing the popish religion, though not then inrolled, Should be as good and effectual in the law, as the same would have been in case the said deeds and wills had been inrolled within the time limited, by the said clause in the said first-mentioned act, for inrollment thereof, provided the said deeds and wills Should be inrolled on or before the respective times in the said several acts respectively mentioned, in such manner as by the saidfir ft mentioned act was directed: and where-6 Geo. s. as by another act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it was enacted, That every deed and will made since the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and forty six, in order to pass, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest therein, or any relit or profit thereout.

*7

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 13.

from any papist or persan professing the popish religion, to any prate* stant or protestants, or by or by reason of which deed or will any prate-stant or protestants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other interest whatsoever, to his, her, or their use, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the use or benefit of any other protestant or protestants, though not inrolled, inrolled in due time, £1 good and

effectual in the law, as the same would have been in case the said deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the said clauses, in the said alls for the inrollment thereof, provided the same deeds and wills Should be inrolled on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, in such manner as by the said clause in the said first-mentioned all is directed: and whereas by an eo*alt made in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it was enabled, That every deed and will madefince the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest therein, or any relit or profit thereout, from any papist or persons prof effing the popish religion, to any protestant or protestants, or by or by reason of which deed or will, any protestant or protestants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other interest whatsoever, to his, her, or their use, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the use or benefit of any other protestant or protestants, though not inrolled in due time, Should be as good and effectual in the law, as the same would have been in case the said deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the said clauses, in the said alls for the inrollment thereof, provided the same deeds and wills Should be inrolled on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and fifty fa*tn fab manner as by the said clause in the said first-mentioned all is direlied: and whereas by ap all made in the thirty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, it was enabled. That every deed and will made ftnce the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest therein, or any relit or profits thereout, from any papist or person professing the popish religion, to any protestant or protestants, or by or by reason of which deed or will, any protestant or protestants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other interest whatsoever, to his, her, or their use, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the use or benefit of any other protestant or protestants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due time, Should be as good and effectual in the law, as the same would have been in case the said deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the said clauses, in the said alls for the inrollment thereof, provided the same deeds and wills Should be inrolled on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, in such manner as by the said clause in the said first-mentioned all is direlied; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Further time assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every deed and will made since the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pais, alter, or papistt till

change,5 Dec. 1760

No deed, will, or lease, made good hereby, whereof advantage has been taken of the non-in -rollment thereof before 25 Dec. 1759.

Purchases made by protestants shall stand good, if no advantage bas been taken for non-inrol-ment.

No grant, lease, or mortgage of the advowson, or right of presentation to a living, &c. made by any papist in trust, See. to be hereby deemed good.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 13.' [1760.

Change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or ?ny interest therein, or any relit or profit thereout, from any papist or person professing the popish religion, to any protestant or protestants, or by reason of which deed or will, any protestant or protestants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other interest whatsoever, to his, her, or their use, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the use or benefit of any other protestant or protestants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due time, shall be as good and eflfectual in the law, as the same would have been in case the said deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the said clauses, in the said a<ft$ for the inrollment thereof, provided the same deeds and wills shall be inrolled on or before, the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, in such manner as by the said clause in the said first-mentioned act is diretfed.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make good any such deed, will, or lease, already made and not inrolled, of the want of inrollment whereof advantage shall have been taken, on or before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, but every such deed, will, or lease, shall remain of such force and effect only, as the same would have had if this act had never been made, and of none other force and effedh

III. And whereas many purchases made by protcjlanfs, may be in danger of being impeached or called in aueflion, in regard that some deeds or wills, through which the title thereto is derived, ought to have been inrolled according to the said acts^ but have not been so inrolled; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no purchase made for full and valuable consideration of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of any interest therein, by any protestant or protestants, and meerly and only for the benefit of the protestants, shall be impeached or avoided, for or by reason that any deed or will through which the title thereto is derived, hath not been inrolled as required by the said acts, so as no advantage was taken of inrollment thereof before such purchase w^s made, and so as no decree or judgement hath been obtained for want of the inrollment of such deeds or wills.

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make good any grant, lease, or mortgage, of the advowson, or right of presentation, collation, nomination, or donation, of and to any benefice, prebend, or ecclesiastical living, school, hospital, or donative, or any avoidance thereof, made by papist or person professing the popish religion, in trust, diredWy or indirectly, mediately or immediately, by or for any such papist or person professing the popish religion, whether such trust hath been declared by writing or not.

*9

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 14, 15.

CAP. XIV.

An act for enlarging the times for the first meetings of commissioners or trustees for putting in execution certain ufts of this session of parliament.

WHEREAS by several acts of this present session of parliament, the first meeting of the of or trustees for put- Frcamble* ting such acts, or any part or parts thereof in execution, hath been, or may be, appointed or directed to be held before, or upon the day of the passing of such acts respectively, whereby several doubts and difficulties may arise with respect to the due execution of the said acts 5 be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in case any act of parliament hath passed, or doth, or shall pass, at any time whatsoever session shall during this present session of parliament, upon, or after the day pass upon or Specified in any such act for the first meeting of the of after the day or trustees appointed to put the same, or any part thereof, in execution, in each and every such case, such of or tru- meeting of flees respectively, or the same number of such respective commis- commirnoners Goners or trustees as is or shall be authorized to hold such first or trustees to* meeting, or any greater number of them, shall and may hold^their first meeting upon the twenty first day after the passing of t^r this act, at such places as were respectively appointed in such meeting on acts for holding the first meetings on the days therein Specified, the day and all such of or trustees, or any number of them, as aforesaid, being so assembled respectively on the said twenty 18 first day after the passing of this act, shall and may proceed to the execution of such acts respectively; and then, and from time to time afterwards, adjourn, and do and perform all such matters and things, and execute all the powers and authorities granted to them in the said acts respectively, in the same manner, and as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if such of or trustees had been assembled in pursuance of, and on the respective days Specified or appointed in such acts for holding the first meeting of such of or trustees; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XV.

An act for rendering the exportation of culm from the harbour of Milford in the county of Pembroke, and the limits thereof, to the neighbouring counties, more easy to the proprietors and purchasers of the same} and for better recuring the duties payable thereon.

[Preamble.]

Sufferances maybe granted, upon application, for exporting culm in small veileis, from the port of Milford to the neighbouring counties. Officer to attend the shipping thereof. Duty of i s. per chaldron to be paid for the same, for winch a certificate is to be given; the same deemed a sufficient clearance. Fee of 1 s. and no more to be paid for the certificate. Master of the vefTeJ, upon his return to the port of Milford, to make oath of the place, and time, of landing his former cargo, before he ships another loading. Penalty of fraudulently changing his own

30 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c.

[1760.

or the ship's name, &c. 51. Where anjr culm shall be loft, for which duty has been paid, the like quantity to be shipped duty-tree.

CAP. XVI.

An act to continue several laws therein mentioned relating to the clandestine running of uncustomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the customs \ to prevent the clandestine naming of goods, and the danger of infection thereby; to the granting liberty to carry rice from his Majestfs province of Carolina in America, direct, to any part of Europe, southward of Cape Finisterre, in ships built and navigated according to law \ to the free importation of cochineal and indico \ to the prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain; and for allowing further time for making affidavits of the execution of articles or contrails of clerks to attornies or solicitors, and filing thereof.

WHEREAS the several laws herein after-mentioned, are near expiring; may it therefore please your most excellent Ma-treamme. jesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the Clauses in a ft several clauses in an act made in the fifth year of the reign of 5 Geo. 1. his late Majesty, intituled An act against clandestine running of uncustomed goods, and for the more effectual preventing of frauds latin so relating to the customs, relating to such foreign goods, wares, and reign goods*6 merchandizes, as shall be taken in at sea out of any ship or vef-taken fn at fel* in order to be landed, or put into any other ship, or vessel, (ea, &c. or boat, and also relating to goods not reported and found after clearing ships; and whereby further remedies are provided against relanding goods prohibited to be worn in this kingdom, and foreign goods shipped out for parts beyond the seas; and also relating to the opening or altering the package of goods on board ships outward bound; and also relating to hovering ships or vessels of the burthen of fifty tons, or under; and also concerning the bales or package in which coffee shall be exported; and also relating to rum imported in casks or vessels not containing twenty gallons at the lead; and also relating to certificate goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland; which were to have continuance for the term of three years from the several times of the commencement thereof, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament respectively; and which, by several subsequent acts passed in the ninth year of his said late Majesty's reign, and in the second, eighth, fifteenth, and sixteenth, and twentieth, and twenty seventh years of his present Majesty's reign, were further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand

1766.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 16. 31

seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby fur- further conti-ther continued from the expiration thereof, to the twenty ninth to* day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, 5cp 17 7? and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, s^f That an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his late to prevent the Majesty, intituled An act to prevent the clandestine running 0/clandestine goods* and the danger of infection thereby; and to prevent Jkips break-ing their quarentine; and to subject copper ore, of the production of*00*1*' c# the British plantations, to such regulations as other enumerated commodities of the like production are subject; which was to be in force for two years from the twenty fifth day of March, onejthousand seven hundred and twenty two, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by several fob-the sequent acts (except the clauses obliging all ships and veffds to clau^relatinr perform quarentine) was to have further continuance from the to quarentine) first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by an act made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was intended to be further continued to the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty four; but, by mistake, the year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven was inserted therein instead of the said year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four; and which by several subsequent acts made in the twenty first and twenty seventh years of his present Majesty's reign was further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof to the further conti-said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred*& to and sixty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next ScPu 17679 session of parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* Ad t Geo. % That an act made in the third year of the reign of his present for allowing Majesty, intituled An act for granting liberty to carry rice from {^ut0h^ from his Majesty's province of Carolina in America, directly to any part Carolina to1 ^Europe southward of Cape Finisterre, in ships built in, and be- Europe, longing to, Great Britain, and navigated according to law; which was to be in force for five years from the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and also an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his present and-rife aft Majesty, to continue the said act from the expiration ^omlnuin ^the

until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hun-^"and dred and forty two, and from thence to the end of the then next extending the session of parliament, and to extend that liberty to his Majesty's said lib*ty to province of Georgia in America; which said acts, by several fob- m

sequent acts made in the fifteenth and sixteenth, twentieth and cn

twenty

3*

further continued to >9 §ept. j7$7.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. Cj>i6* ([ip&ti

twentyseventh year of hfe present Majesty's reign; were far rtoer' continued fromtha expiration thereof until the twenty ninth d#y\ of Septemberonto thousand seven hundred and sixty, '4md torn*' thence totfcecnd of the then next>feffioo of parliament, tihratl' be, and the same is hereby further Continued from the texpiftM-1 tien thereof to the said twenty ninth day of September one thou*' land seven hundred and sixty seven; > and from thence to the thd of the^hen nextfefEon of parliament. ... lm.iu

IV# And be it further enacted by the authority' aforef*i<V > ... ^hat an made in the seventh year of the reign of his prefeot

Act i Geo. s# Majesty, inthuled. An act for the revival of an act tnadeMn the1 for reviving a thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the \Fbjb, former act intituled An act for the free importation of cochineal during the *

for the free time therein limited; and also for the free importation>f indicoy o?wcSn*J was to continued in force from the twenty fourth day of

and indico, Jttne one thousand seven hundred and thirty four* for the term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by several subsequenta&s passed in the fourteenth, twentieth, and twenty seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, was farther Continued from the* expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof to the said twenty* ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fatty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflttfn Of parliament.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much of an act made SftmUG of ?n twe^ y*?r of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled* as relatesM fa prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, wf the prohibiting first compofeder written, and printed in Great Britain; and for re-the imports- pealing jo much of an act made in the eighth year of the reign of her

late majesty §)ueen Anne, as impowers the limiting of prices of booh; which ad was to continue in force from the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, for the space of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, so far as relates to the prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written, and printed in Great Britain, by several subsequent acts made in the twentieth and twenty seventh years of his present Majesty's reign, was further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof to the said twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session, of parliament.

VI. And whereas some persons have emitted to cause affidavits to be made, and afterward to be filed in the proper office, of the actual execution of several contrafts9 in writings entered into by them to

fervt

further continued to 39 Sept. 1767.

tien of books

reprinted

abroad.

further continued to 29 Sept. 1767.

ijrflo.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 177 33

fervt os clerks to attornies or solicitors, within the time in which the same ought to have been done; and many infantsf and otherj, may thereby incur certain disabilities; for preventing whereof, and for Further time relieving such persons; be it likewise enacted by the authority allowed to 6 aforesaid, That every person who hath neglected or omitted Nov* >760, to caofe any such affidavit or affidavits as aforesaid, to be made and filed, and who, on or before the sixth day of November one fidavita of the thousand seven hundred and sixty, shall cause one or more affi- execution of davit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in such contracts to manner as the same ought to have been made and filed, in due time, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged,

from and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities, in or by any act or acts of parliament mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of any such neglect or omission, in not causing such affidavit or affidavits to be made and filed in such manner as the same ought to have been; and every such affidavit and affidavits so to be made, and which shall be duly filed, on or before the said sixth day of November as aforesaid, shall be as effectual to all intents and purposes as if the same had b£en made and filed, within the respective times the same ought, by the laws now in being for that purpose, to have been fomade and filed.

CAP. XVII.

An act to continue An act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for the better encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the laiv herein after mentioned is near expiring;

may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act made in the A&nAnnx, twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intitu- whic.h was led, An act for the better encouragement of the making offail cloth in 2^"^ bfe^ Great Britain, which was to continue in force for seven years, qUCnt and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by several subsequent aefts made in the fifth and tenth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and in the eighth, fifteenth, twentieth, and twenty seventh years, of his present Majesty's reign, was further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same is further conri-hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, to the nued to 29 twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and Sept. 17^7* sixty (even, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

34

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 18. [1760.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned, and for further approprxatibg certain supplies granted in this session of parliament.

[Preamble.]

Credit of loan granted to his Majesty for 1,000,000l. Treasury may raise the same by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner as is prescribed by the land tax act of this session, concerning loans or exchequer hills thereby to be made out. The dattsea, 8cc. in the (hid ad relating to the loans or exchequer bills, extended to the loans and exchequer hills, to be made forth in pursuance of this act; principal and interest, with the charges attending, to be paid out of the next supplies, and if none foffi-cient be granted before 5 July 1761, then they are to be paid out of the sinking fund; and the monies so issued to bcreplaced out of the first ft*|H plies. The bank impowered to advance on the said credit of loan* any sum or (urns not exceeding r, 000, 000k the ad of 5 & 6 W. & M notwithstanding. Appropriation of the supplies in general. The monies arising by the land tax, malt ad, lottery ad, and sinking fund, with the fom of x*000, 0001. granted by this act; via. Out of the aid* in general* 3, 57*96191. 5s. id. towards naval service* herein specified. io, ooook to* wards finishing the hospital at Hafler near Gosport. 10, 000l. towards finishing the hospital near Plymouth. 8, ooool. towards erecting careening wharfs and (fore houses, kc. at Halifax. 10, 000l. towards the support of Greenwich hospital. 510, 860l. >s. 3d. for charge of the office of ordnance for land service 6, 6+3, 51 iL 16s. 6d. iq. toward* the land forces in general; of which 1, 383, 748l. lod. for defraying the expence of 57*194 etfec-tive men, including those in Germany, See. 846, 1681.19s. for guards and garrisons, Sec. in the plantations, Gibraltar, Scc. 35, 744k 8s. 4d. for troops on the Irish establishraent serving in North America. 54, 454l. ns, 9d. for pay of the general and general staff officers, and officers of hospi* tale for the land forces. 102, 006k 4s. 8d. for defraying the charge of the embodied militia in S. Britain, and the fencible men of Argyleshire, and a battalion of highlanders inN. Britain, from5 Dec. 1759, to 25 April 1760. 160, 1041* 16s 8d. for defraying the charge of the said militia, Ar-gyleihire men, and highlanders, to4 Dec. 1760. 30, 711l. for cloathing for the embodied militia for 1760* 2, 041k for pensions to widows of reduced officers who died on half pay. 3c, 6cil. 9s. to the reduced officers of the laud forces and marines. 2, 946k allowances to the officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horse guards, and regiment of horse reduced, and superannuated gentlemen of the four troops of horse guards*,5, ooool. for out petitioners of Chelsea hospital. 953, 302k 159. yd. iq. for extraordinary expences of the land forces. See. to 14 Nov. 1759, not provided for. 500, 000k towards the charge of forage, bread, and other cap- ( tingencesof the army under Prince Ferdinand. 134, 119k 17s. 4>d. for charge of augmentations to the forces, since the estimate for 1760 was pre-fen ted, to4 Dec. 1760. 11, 874), 15s. 1 od. for charge of a regiment of light dragoons, and an additional company to lieutenant colonel Vaughan's corps. 447, 882k 10s. yd. iq. for charge of the troops of Hanoves, fenbuttle, Saxe Gotha, and count Buckeburgg, to 24 Dec. 1760, to be issued two months in advance; the troops to be muttered by an EngHfli commislary. 268, 874l. 16s. 8d. for charges of the troops of Hesse Caifcl, to 14 Dec. 1760, together with the fubtidy to the said time, pursuant to treaty. 971850k 4s lod. for charge of an additional corps of troops of Hesse Canel, to 31 Dec., 1760, pursuant to treaty. 34, 333k 8s. for charge of augmentation of the troops of Hanover to 24 Dec. 1760. 10, 776k 5s. yd. for charge of augmentation of the troops of Hesse Caflel, to 24 Dec. 1760. 5*9031. 19s. id. for charge of augmentation to thearmyjii*

Germany to 14 Dec. 1760. 66, 916k 3s. iq. for charge of the troops at Brunswick, pursuant to treaty. 23, 843k 5s. nd. for charge of augmei£> tation to the troops of Brunswick, pursuant to treaty- 101, 096l. 3*. for charge of augmentation of the troops of Hesse Caflfel for 176*. 420, nol. is for extraordinary expences of land forces, and other fervico inrurred in 1759* and not provided for. 6; o, ooool. to the King of Prussia,

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 19.

pursuant to treaty. 6o,eol. to t)r* landgrave of Heftfe Ca(W, pursuant totrea^e i, oooo, ooool. to discharge the like Am> borrowed, ptirfuant to a vote of credit of the last session. i, oooo, oqoI. upon account to defray any extraordinary expences of the war which may be incurred in 1760. 11, 78514 6*. tod. for support of the colony of Nova Scotia for 1760. 5, 151l. 48. 91! for fopport of the said colony irt 175*, not provided for. 4*037l. 10 s. for charge of the civil estabUshment ot Georgia, to 24 June, 1760. <01, 078!* ids. Id. for transport ferrice, Stc. in 1759. 15, 000l. to the board of ord-

otmce for taking down the magazine at Greenwich, and erecting a new one effewhere. 5, 000l. to the governors of the Foundling hospital, to be issued without any dedu&ioft or fee. 44, 157l. 10s. for maintaining, and and apprenticing, the children of the said hospital, admitted on or oefore 8 Feb. 17 60, to be issued in like manner. 3, 1*71. 10s. towards mainte-rfaiice,c. of the children admitted into the said hospital, between 8 Feb. rttf6 March, 1760, to be issued in like manner. 15, 000). for repairing London bridge. 124, 7361. 7*. id. aq to make good the deficiency on Joly, 1759, of the duties upon offices, ienfions, homes, and window lights. S4.1411.15s. 8d. to make good the deficiency on 5 July, 1759, of the subsidy of poundage upon goods imported, and duties upon coffee and chocolate., 751). 6s tod. to make good the deficiency on 5 Jan. 1759, of thd duties on glast, and spirituode liquors. 7, 651, 98. td. iq. to make good the deficiency on 5 Jan. 1759, of the additional stamp duties, licences for wine, doty 011 coals, Sec. surplus duties on licences for retailing spirituous liquors. 200, 000l. as a cornpensation to the provinces in North America* for expences incurred in levying, &c. troops there. 20, 000l. to the East India company, for defraying the expence of a military force there. s, 977l. 7s. 8d. to reimburte the colony of New York their expences in fumUbing provisions, Sec. to the troops raised in 1796* 10, 000l. for sup* porting the British forts. Sec. in Africa. 74, 170l. 3d. iq. to make good the deficiency of the grants for 1759. 3, 000l. to make good the like fdrtl issued, pursuant to an address of rbe house, to Jane Harding*. 2, cool, to Jer. pylon esq. towards defraying the charge of printing the journals of this house, Set. 8o, ooool. for pay and cloathing of the unembodied militia to 25 March 1761. 634J. its. 7a. to discharge the interest on 23, 800l. ns. ltd*, remaining in the office of ordnance, of the purchase money, appro-priced by an a# of the last ffiffion, for lands. Sec. for his Maidty*s dock yards at Chatham, Port/mouth, and Plymouth, but unapplied. 11, 9401* 13s. iO. for extraordinary charge of the mint. 2, 500). for discharging the claims, Sec. on the Perth estate. Theft aids to be applied to no other uses. Rules to be observed in the application of the half pay. Ctause in aft 3a Geo. Application of the ravings of the said sum of 34, 367l. 15s. lod. granted the lait (eflion towards halt pay., 500). claimed ow the Perth cdate> to be applied as directed by the million act of last session.

CAP. XIX.

An act for the mart effectual securing the payment of such prize and bounty monies as were appropriated to the of Greenwich Hospital, by an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his present, An act

for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the twenty ninth preimble, year of his present Majesty's re, intituled An act for citing aft

the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual Geo. a. manning his Majesty's navy, it was (amongst other things) enabled,

That the flag officers, eommatedtrs, and o -

rineSf and soldiers, on board every /hi and vessel of tour in his

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. v 76a#

Majestfs pay* Jbouhdtiavt tbt fele intereji and property of and iuall add every Jhtp* mffiU goods-and merchandizes* which (hey Should tdker fmniand after: thg sevenUenthJay of May, in theyearfiffur lord one thousdmdfive# hundredond fifty six* fmdygfl^ fptf utftogfe of the viorogamft France (bmgfirst adjudged kiifyfftrjze i& yum-tnr therein mentioned) Jo be divided in such proportions % and after suchmanner* as his Majesty^ his heirs* and successors* JbouM tbfik ft to order and direct, by proclamation or proclamation# theryifler fa be issued fih thefepurposes; and it was by thefiU aft dire sted* that ail appraisements and files of any ship or ships*, goods* wares* or merchandizes* as Should be taken by any of his Majestfs ships f war* sho&ld be made by agents or per fins to be nominated and appointed by the captors as therein mentioned; and that after the file or fatesxof such prize' or prizes as Should be taken from the enemy by any of Ins Majestfs ships of war* publick notification Should be given by the persons or agents appointed* as therein before mentions* of the Jay appointed for the payment of the several fares to the captors*afterjybith publick notification* if any mens fares sould remain in the bands of such persons or agents* either belonging to such men as sould- be run

tepqnded

from his Majestfs service* or which sould, not be legally i within three years* but then such fare or fares so remaining in the persons or agents hands* or belonging to such men as Should be run from his Majestfs service* Jb: uld go and be paid to the use of Greenwich hospital; and by the said act a certain bounty was dir eft ed^ to bfpaii by the treasurer of his Majestfs navy* as therein is mentioned unto the officers* seamen* marines* soldiers* or others* that Should have been actually on board any of his Majestfs fip or ftps* orprivajfer or privateers* in any a ft ion where any fip or sips of war* orpriya-teers* Should have been taken from the enemy* sunk* burnt*, or, other -wife destroyed* ftnce his Majesty declaration of war Qgqim^ranc^ to be divided in manner* form* and proportion* as by his Mqfffifsproclamation Should be directed and it was by thefiid aft further directed* that the bill or bills to be made out (as therein is mentioned^ for'such bounty* Should be made payable to such person or persons a^jbfiuldke authorized add appointed by the officers or persons intitled thereto* such

manner as is therein before directed for the nominating andappointing agents for appraisements and sales to be made as therein bejorfj^njen-tioned* the same to be disfributed and divided* by the person arpeifons so authorized and appointed* amongst the captors* in such manner* form* and proportions* as is therein before mentioned; and that the several shares of such captors* if not legally demanded, within three years after publick notification* and also of such as Should run from

his Majestfs service* Should be applied to the use of the fold hospital; and whereas no time is limited* or particular method prfcrjbed* by the said act* for the giving notifications of the day appointed foj- the payment of the shares of prizes* nor is any exprefi direction gwed for the notification of the day of payment of the shares of such bounty money as aforesaid and many agents haveneglected io specify in the notifies tien by them given in the London Gazette, for payment of shares of prizes condemned in the high court or other courts of admiralty in Great Britain, the particular day or time when such payments were to commence*

17S0.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 19. 37

'menciy whereby it is very difficult, if not impossible] to*certain the tide when the said hospital becomes in tit led to the unclaimed /hares, by means whereof the said hospital cannot have the full benefit intended by We find recited afi \ for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-'font of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this ^nefent parliament assembled, and by the autfaorityof the same,

'That from and after the first day of September, in the year of our From and af-Lordone thousand seven hundred and sixty, ail notifications by ter 1 Sept the said act required to be given of the payment of the shares of y60.* prizes taken, or to be taken, from the enemy by any of his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, and condemned, or to be con- shares of'demried, in Great Britain; and from and after the first day of prizes con- February one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, all notifi- demned in cations by the said act required to be given of the payment of remind the shares of prizes taken, or to be taken, from the enemy, aind after 1 Feb. condemned, or to be condemned, in any other of his Majesty's 1761, ail nofi-dominions in Europe, or in any of his Majesty's plantations in Rations of America*, and from and after the twenty fifth day of December*J^nSuiany one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, all notifications by other of the Y'the said act required to be given of the payment of the shares of British domi-prizes taken, or to be taken, from the enemy, and condemned, nions, n Eu-vor to be condemned, in any other of his Majesty's dominions -} or Amc*shall be fespectively given and published in such manner as is and from and k herein after mentioned (that is to say) if the prize or prizes shall after 15 Dec. have been, or shall be condemned, in his Majesty's high court, r6, f fc or other court of admiralty in Great Britain, then the person c r C^; v^tnced persons, agent or agents appointed, or to be appointed, in put- alJ r, fuance of the said act for the appraisement and sale of such prize fu-ui by of prizes, shall insert and publish, or cause to be inserted andt-e Sents> ir'* pumished, such notification under his or their hand or iiands respectively in the London Gazette; and if condemned in any court in the London pr courts of admiralty in any other of his Majesty's dominions, gazette; then such person or persons, agent or agents as aforesaid, shall and, if con- insert and publish, or cable to be inserted and published, such notification under his or their hand or handsttspectively in the King's domi-

Szette, or same other news paper of publick: authority, of thenions, in the and or place where the prize or prizes shall have been, or gazette, or T (hsdl be, Condemned; and: if there shall be no gazette or such °*he^ news paper published there, then in some or one of the most pub-

publick news papers of fitch Hlan<j or place for the time being: lie authority; and all petforis or agents publishtng, Or causing to b£ published, and where every frich notification respectively, shall deliver to the coHedtor, tl'crc.customer, or searcher for the time being of his Majesty's customs JJne^of the" m refidine at, '6r belonging to, the port or place where rile prize or most publick prizes Than have been, or(hast be, condemned, ofthtlawfiildeputy news papers \or deputies bf such collector, Customer, or searcher, and if there place; r\ffiallrbe n6 such coHc&or, customer, or searcher, then such per-

di^gerits as aforesaid shall deliver to the principal officer or zettes, or Officerit of the port or place where tile prize or prizes shall have news papers, peert, 6tfliafH*, condemned, or to the lawful deputy or deputies ^red^y*"

' D 3 oftb*n

38 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 19. [1360.

collector, of such principal officer or officers, two of the gazettes or other cipal officer*11 news P3Pers*n wh*ch ffich notifications shall be so ipferted and of the port 5 publishe<J; and if there shall not be any publick news pap$r& in and if there any such island or place, then such person or persons, agent qr shall be no agents, shall give two such notifications in writing, under Kis paoer^ the T* or t^leir respective hand or hands, to the said collector, customer, are then to or Marcher, or the deputy or deputies of such collector, custq-deliver two mer, or searcher, or where there shall be no such collector, cu-notification* ftomer, or searcher, to such principal officer or officers, or hia or whTch^are'to or deputies aforesaid j and every such collector, cube signed^y or searcher, and principal officer or officers, or such de-

the collector, puty or denudes, shall subscribe his or their name or names on or other some conspicuous part of both the said gazettes, news papers, Seer* or wr*tten notifications respectively, and by the first ship which one whereof (after his or their receipt of such gazettes, news papers,

is to be trans- or written notifications respectively.) from such port or place to mined, by the any port of Great Britain, shall transmit or send to the treasurer the treasurer ^1C royal hospital, or the deputy of such treasurer for the of Greenwich ^me being, one of the said gazettes, newspapers, or written hospital, notifications, with his or their name or names so subscribed to and to be re- and upon the same respectively, to be there registered* and shall P^crf^th*rC5 faithfully preserve and keep the other of the said two gazettes, to be kept in n?ws PaPcr* % or written notifications, with his or their name or his custody. names thereon subscribed as aforesaid, in his or their custody; The agent'* and that in every such printed or written notification, as aforesaid, P*a*c of the said person or persons, agent or agents, shall insert or specify the day^nd his or their place or places of abode, snd the precise day of tfyc year appointed month and year appointed for the payment of the several and re-for payment spective shares of the prize or prizes to the captors: and all of the share*, such notifications with respect to prizes condemned, or to be in condemned, in Great Britain, shall be published in the LtwUn

fication; Gazette three days at lead before any part or parts, share or and those con- proportion of any such prize or prizes shall be paid to any pep-demned in son or persons intitled thereto; and all such notifications wirb respect to prizes condemned, or to be condemned, in any other 3 days, part of his Majesty's dominions, shall be delivered to the said and those in collector, custoiper, or searcher, or principal officer or officers oth*r a aforesaid respectively, or such respective deputy or deputies, to the cblilec^d three days at leaf! before any part or parts, share or proportion for, See. 3 day of any such prize or prizes shall be paid-to any person or per-also before fons intitled thereto.

payment is H. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That o|athe ffiarc$y ^Qnl a^ter day SePtem^er one thousand seven bun-

3 days pre-S dred ar*d and every person and persons, agent and agents,

vious notice appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of the said act, by the also to be pub- flag officers or flag officer, captains or captain, officers, or affi- lished m like cer^ compapjes or ship's company, and others of any of Jtvis agents^inW* Majesty's ships or yefi^ls of war, for the distribution of any bounty London ga- bill or bills, given or granted by virtue of the said act, shall in-zette, of the fert and pubJifh, or cause to be inserted and published, under his qr tfieir hand and haqds* in the tynden Gazette, three days

bills? 7..?l

39

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 19.

at kaft before the payment or distribution of any such bounty trill, or bounty bills, publick notification of the precise day of the month and year appointed for the payment of such bounty money, and shall insert in every such notification the place or places of hk or their abode.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Where public in all cases where any publick notification hath, during the pre- notification sent war, been given, or shall be given, before the respective {^c"*v°n times herein before mentioned for the giving of notifications in Of^p*yj*n# Great Britain, and other parts of his Majesty's dominions, of raent of prize the payment of any prize or bounty money in respect of any of or bounty fcis. Majesty's ships or vessels of war, and the particular and pre- {* da Q|^ dfe day whereon such payment did or shall commence, and the commence- ° name or names, and place or places of abode, of the person or ment of the persons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed for the payment, appraisement and sale of any such price or prizes, or distribution of any such bounty money, was not, or shall not be set forth fn(j Jbode* and specified in such publick notification; the person or persons, hath not, or agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed for the appraise- not be*ment and sale of every such prize or prizes condemned, or to be condemned, in bi* Majesty's high court, or other court of ad- for prize" coti-tniralty in Great Britain, or for the distribution of any such demnedin bounty money, shall, on or before the twenty fifth day of De- Great Britain, amber one thousand seven hundred and sixty $ and the person ^ibufion of-or persons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed for t\'e bounty the appraisement and sale of every such prize or prizes condemn- money, are ed, or to be condemned, in any court or courts of admiralty in on or before any other of his Majesty's dominions in Europe, or in any or his ^nd^or those°5 Majesty's plantations in America, shall, on or before the first day condemned111 of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and the any other of person or persons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed the Britishdo-for the appraisement and sale of every such prize or prizes con- in, 0"* Amc-demned, or to be condemned, in any other of his Majesty's ^or dominions, shall, on or before the twenty fifth day of March befoYe 1 June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; respectively give 176*1 notification under his or their hand or hands respectively, of a.nfci tho^e the precise day of the month and year appointed for the payment of the shares of such prize or bounty money respectively; and March, 17/*; shall specify in every such notification his or their place or places to §ivcju>tifi* of abode: ^and all such notifications shall be published, or given nation of the and delivered, attested and transmitted, by and to such person appotnte^for and persons, and in such manner, as the notifications to be pub- suchpayments, lished or given, after the said first day of September one thousand and to specify seven hundred and sixty, the first day of February one thousand also their place seven hundred and sixty one, and the twenty fifth day of ^fai/notifil-Dtcembtroot, thousand seven hundred and sixty one, respectively, cations to be are herein before directed and required to be published, or given delivered, at-and delivered, attested and transmitted. tested, and

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or agent, appointed or to be appointed for C(j. appraisement or sale of any prize or prizes taken or to be taken from

49 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. [iiyAo*

the enemy by any of his Majesty's ships dr vessels bfwar^ or for the distribution of any bounty money, fbd lnegfed or refute to pubKfh, give, or deliver, any notification dlredeiof niMRi*upi* required by the said former adtar this act to be pobhfotd, given, turn, (; or delivered, or shall not pubKQt, gird, or delivery ady such notification, for such space, before the payment of any part of such prize or bounty money, or'within the times herein before respectively limited, or in the manner herein before appointed, or shall not set forth and specify therein, the matters and things ^herein before directed to be specified and set forth, ' every fodb person or agent shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the furo of one hundred pounds, over and above all penalties and forfeit tool, forfeitures inflicted or imposed by the said former act; to be aUCr3naidesVC W°vcred by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information* in any ^c.^TnAiaed' his Majesty's courts of record in Great Britain or America^ or by the former elsewhere, in any of his Majesty's dominions, in which noof-i foin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one iw-

parJance, shall be allowed: and if any collcdor, custonrter, or and collectors, searcher, of his Majesty's customs, or principal officeror officers, &t*ocfufingt(° or deputy or deputies as aforesaid, shall neglect o* refuse to

receive or to attest, or shall not transmit or fend any such ga-fotfcit, iool.$tte, news paper, or written notification as aforesaid, in such

Idfo* manner as is before directed, every such coliedor, customef,

or searcher, principal officeror officers, or such deputyor depts-

; fi -.ties, so Offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the foqn

of ppe hundred pounds, to be sued for and recovered in the fimfor manner as the above penalty is directed to be sued for and vb-coifcred*

Thcno.ifica- V^Atwi be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tfoni fy >ranf- That the notifications in all such gazettes, news papers, 'and in iriltteflVAttft- writing ftspectively, as aforesaid, which shall befo transinrtted ftered fCgi 8n<* by such collcdor, customer, or searcher* or principal

1 officer or officers, or such deputy or deputies as aforesaid, aid

registered at the said royal hospital, on proof of the hand writing

: < of such ccjledor* customer, searcher, principal officer of office*,

' ordeputy or deputies, from time to time, and atall times, (hill

be good and sufficient evidence in all his Majesty's courts Of 6^/iderttity an* ^J^ty, ^bat the person or persons whose name or hatnes of thragehts/ or are -therein set forth and specified as the agent or agentsJfbr the prizes or prizes therein respectively mentioned, is onarc such agent or agents.n, It

VI. And whereas no provision is made by the said recited act Vo

; - i- eibiige the regijiers of the admiralty courts in Great Britain, dufyfto r l]t'regijier, or keep proper lifts or accounts of letterr of attorney ewbihited

° V, ^or delivered to them to be registered: and whereas it will tend to the benefit of the said hospital if such letters of attorney were duiyregijiered\ and copies of such regijiers transmitted to the treojurer of the said hof-Alt letters of be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

attorney ex- from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand hibited by seven hundred and sixty, the register or registers of his Majesty's

agents, are to high court of admiralty, and of all other courts of admiralty in

beduiyregu9,

Acred by tie*reat

Ageou. ntg-feftl*\gprrcfu-fingio publish or dejiver anr

1769.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. jg. 1

Grmr BritSfwi (hatt* from'ttme'to dme, duly efflstand'tfegifttr; or cattfe to be entered or Tegiffered, in One of more book! Or ,* bodkvtwtteby'hbnorthem kept fbrthat purpofb only, all let*-^+ day* after ter of atw*neytha* shall beesthiblted or deliVetted'tO thfem after being exhibit, the said twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hun- ed, dred qnd forty, by any agent or agents for any priatOf prizes taken or to be taken by any of his Majesty's ships orveflefsbf Star, er by any agent or agents, for the receipt and distribution of arty bounty hill of bills, within fourteen days after thetkffie shall be so exhibited or delivered to such register or nfigifterS Ns of their rripeive offices; which registry shall contain thte day of delivery and entry, the dates of the letters of attorney, the names and places of abode of the agents, the names of thle. prizes taken, or of the ships of war or privateers of the enemy, taken, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed, together with the names of the ships or vessels by which such prizes shall have been taken, or by which such ships of war or privateers of the enemy shall have been taken, burnt, hank, or otherwise destroyed; and the said register or registers shall, on the twenty fiseth

day of March, and the thirtieth day of, or within forty days thereafter, in every year, transmit or deliver unto the "hereofto be* treasurer of the said hospital, or to the lawful deputy of such trea- transmitted > t farerfor the time being, a true copy or transcript under his dr by them, half-theif hand or hands of all such entries as aforesaid, within the preceding half year; and if such register or registers shall nCg- thVhofViuS tie or refuse to make and keep such entries, or to transmit or deliver such copies thereof as aforesaid, within the >respecttive times herein before limited for that purpose, he or they shall, for every stich offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to1 be recovered by a ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information. In S"J?Snt, tJr of any of his Majesty's courts of record, in which no essoin, pro- so"*", ns 1*tefftion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance,

'shall be allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, one moiety of Thai! all penalties and forfeitures given and granted by this a, all forfeiture* Audi be applied, one moiety to the informer or informers, and i(5° to the the ocher moiety to the use of the said rtsyal hospital.

Vili. And be it further enaed by the authority aforesaid. ^., 0. >ly. That aft penalties and forfeitures, and pam of penalties and hospitalj < forfeitures given or to be given to the use of the said royal hof- Those given to pital by this present a, or any other a or as of parliament, K'i ffl, fluftl and may be foed forand recovered in the name of the be lued'for m nailer or governor or of the lieutenant or deputy governor for the name of the time being of the said hospital. thereafter,

governor, or

deputy governor,

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c.ito. [r^ou

CAP. XX.

An act to enforce and render more effectual the laws relating to the qualification of members to fit in the bcufe of commons.

Preamble, re

WHEREAS by an act passed in the ninth year of the reign

in ait CAnnx*f ^er b?te ma)efly Sfttsen Anne, intituled An act for secur-a9nnx, ^freedom of parliaments, by the farther qualifying the members to fit in the house of commons, it was enacted, That no person Should be capable to fit or itote, as a member of the house of commons for any county, city, borough, or cinque part, within that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, who Should not have an eflute,

freehold or copyhold, for his own life, or for some greater cslate, either

in law or equity, to and for his own use and benefit, of or in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, over and above what would satisfy and clear all incumbrances that might off eft the same, lying or being with* in that part of Great Britain called England, tin dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the respective annual value therein limited; videlicet, The annual value of six hundred pounds, above reprizes, for every knight cf a Shire \ and the annual value of three hundred pounds, above reprizes, for every citizen, burgess, or baron of the cinque ports: now, in order to enforce and render the said act more effectual, be it enacted bl the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the determination of this present parliament, every person, except as is herein after excepted,

who shall be eleaed a member of the house of commons, shall, excepted) before lie presumes to vote in the house of commons, or fit forethey aft, there during any debate in the said house of commons, after are taddiver their speaker is chosen, produce and deliver in to the clerk of the said Imqfe, at the table in the middle of the said house, and haute i* fit- whiift the house of commons is there duly fitting, with their ting, a signed speaker in the chair of the said house, a paper or account signed ilhedule of by every such member, containing the name or names of the tucir respect parish, township, or precind, or of the several parishes, town-ships, or precincts, and also of the county, or of the several counties, in which the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, do lie, whereby he makes out his qualification, declaring the same to be of the annual value of six hundred pounds, above reprises, if a knight of a Shire; and of the annual value of three hundred pounds, above reprises, if a citizen, burgess, or baron of tho cinque ports; and shall also, at the same time, take and subscribe the following oath; videlicet,

All Members in future par Laments (not

tive qualifies tiens.

and take and

subscribe the following oath.

I A.B. do swear, That I truly and bona fide have such an estate in law or equity, and of such value, to and for my own use and benefit, of or in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, over and

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 41. 43

above what will satisfy and clear all incumbrances that may affett the same, as doth qualify me to be elected and returned to serve as a member for the place 1 am returned for, according to the tenor and true meaning of the acts of parliament in that behalf; and that such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, do lie as described in the paper or -account signed by me, and now delivered to i the clerk of the houj) ,

of commons.

So help me God, t:

And the said house of coownont is hereby impowered and re- which it to be quired to admiaifter the said oath and subscription, according administered to the directions of this act9 as occasion shall be, from time to time, to every person duly demanding the same, immediately after the usual after such person shall have taken the oaths of allegiance, fii- oaths of qua-pretnacy, and abjuration, at the said table: and the said oath ideation have and subscription herein before directed to be taken and made, bccu uken 5 shall be entered in a parchment roll, to be provided for that # d purpose by the clerk of the house of commons; and the dholes to be " papers or accounts so signed and delivered in to the said clerk as filed, aforesaid, shall be filed and carefully kept by him*

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Any member

if any person, who shall be elected to serve in any future pariia- to

meat as a knight of a Shire, or as a citizen, burgess, or baron hereto* of the cinque ports, shall presume to fit or vote as aforesaid as

a member of the house of commons, before he has delivered in or without be-such paper or account, and taken and subscribed such oath as j, g duly qual aforesaid, or shall not be qualified according to the true intent lined, his and meaning of the said recited act, and of this ac $ his election etoftion is Qull be and is hereby declared to be void, and a new writ shall raTlafo bciflued to elect another member in the said person's room. jflke. v

III. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained perfpm ex^ < shall extend to the deleft son or heir apparent of any peer or cepted out of -lord of parliament, or of any person qualified to serve as a knighttbe

of a Shire, or to the members for either of the universities in qtf*ifccaiH>D. that part of Great Britain called England, or to the members for that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XXI.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money oat Of the sinking fund, for the service of the year one titoufand seven hundred and sixty.

[Preamble.]

s, 6os, 7061. 90.9d. granted to his Majesty oat of the sinking fund. Clauseof loan. Tallies otiaan to be (truck. See. Orders registered and paid in course. No fee for registering, &c. Penalty for undue preference. No undue preference, where tallies are dated or brought the same day nor if subsequent orders be paid before such as were not demanded

in course. Orders assignable. Commissioners of the treasury impowered to prepare any number of new exchequer bills, containing one common sum, or different sums, in the principal monies. Clauses in the land tax act relating to exchequer bills, extended to this. Bills discharged to be cancelled. The bank of England authorized to advance the said sum of 1*60*706). 9*. pd. notwithstanding the act of 5 & 6 Will Je Mary.

Mil v

44. Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. zz, [1769.

Cap. xxii.

An act for limiting, conf dkdbetter ri^blatih

payment of the weekly allowances made by act of parliament, for the maintenance Juppaff

' tbmfehei during the aof militia men, emhcdecdavd

ordered out into aSnal feroice; and ft much of an all made in this session of parliament, intituled An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, as relates to the militia when embodied and in;

and for explaining and amending certain parts of the laws now in force, for the better ordering of the militia forces [f; ., rn that part of Great Britain England.

Preamble

WHEREAS by an atl in the thirty first year of his Md-

cittnfecfaiufci jtftfs reign, intituled An act to explain, amend, and cn-

r, ia.a<ti>Ge*. force an act, for the better ordering of the militia forces in the*>n, iri 1 "'several counties of that part of Great Britain called England; it ( is enafsect, That when any militia man be out into aUual

service, having a family not of ability to support themselves during, i- ', "1" - 11 hi' abfettce, the overseer or overseers of the where such family

JhsU resute, shall oHow to futh family such weekly allowance for their support, until the return of such militia man,

j.h 1-. any one Juf Ice of the peace; such allowance to be reimbursed out of

-ir the county flock by the treasurer of the county, and that futh treasurer

shall be allowed the same m his accounts: and whereat under the au-f-.'thority of the said act, sundry payment to fetch families

exceeding the sums necessary for their support:

persons having large families, have ben accepted and infilled as

\ Jlitutes, hired men, or volunteers in the militia, and are now in ac-

I'r i. J tual service \ in consequence whereof, larger sums have been raised and paid fir the purpose aforesaid, than necesstty required: for re-.'1.medy wneTeof; be it enacted by the King's most excellent raa-

' c jesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual'.JJ', and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem-

Overseer*to bled, 'and by the authority of the same, That if any militia ^oor°rates by man who shall have been accepted and inrolled as a substitute,

- orderof i^me or as a hired man, or as a volunteer, before the passing of this justice, a aft; or if any militia man who shall have been chosen by lot, weekly al- whether before or after the passing of this act, shall, when epi-t*Wd"nrtflU bodied and called out into actual service, and ordered to march, families of leave a Family unable to support themselves, the overseer.or 'militia men overseers of the poor of the parish, tything, or township, where embodied jpid the family of fusty militia man shall dwell, shall, by order of cMled out into some one justice of the peace, out of the rates for the relief, of proTOrtionate'^ P°°r such parish, tything, or township. pay to fueftfa- to the usual tnily a weekly allowance according to the usual and ordinary price of la- price of labour in husbandry, within the county, ridings divi-bounnhnf- f, on} district, or place, where such family shall dwell, i>)i, the

hour in husbandry with*

follow-

f^So.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 24. -45

following rule; that is to Ay; Fotvonft child under the age of '*> the county, W m ife P&*1 of ©lie.day's labour; for two c^il<jren un- "J "

dorjnS age aforesaid, the pnee of two dsfys labour; for three or the cjJp fodiChildren under the age aforesaid, the price of three days la- dren $ bouf; for five or more children under the age aforesaid, the price and where the offourdayslabour; and for the wife of such militia man, the J! f*!1

price of one day's labour:, and m every parish, tything* or town- ft n^atei*ship, vwhere the money arising by such rate* mall not be suffi- to be made*cifnt jfer jtbc purpose aforesaid, a new rate or rates shall be made and the over-fQr railings fumsufficient for that purpose; and every such week- fc?rs are to be 1 y allowance shall be forthwith reimbursed to the overseer or over- out

seers of such parish, tything, or townftup, by the treasureroF the of the county county, riding, or place, where such parish, tything, or town- dock, ship shall be situate, out of the publick (lock.

II. Provided always, That no family of any militia man. The families who shall not have been chosen by lot (except the families 9^ Slen fh.^U such substitutes, hired men, or volunteers, who shalf ha\fe Sftn accepted and inrolled before the passing of this act) shall, after Jot, and of the pairing of this act, be intitled to, or receive any firth week- ehcJfabftituses,

ly allowance. ^ired ena

7 and volunteers, already inrolled, are intitled to such allowance*

III. And be it enacted, That the treasurer of every county, riding, and division shall, and is hereby required to keep exalt and distinct accounts of all the monies that shall have been To by him reimbursed to such overseer or overseers as aforesaid, in pursuance of the dirdtions of this all; and shall, at the end of every (even calendar months, return the said accounts, together with the accounts which lie shall have received from the several treasurers, of the cities, towns, liberties, or places, to the office of the treasurer* remembrancer of the court of exchequer.

every

Treasurer of the county to keep and return an account of the monies reimbursed by him, or other treasurers, to the overseers, into the exchequer 7 months.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cities. Where any towns, liberties* divisions, and places, which fere not liable to ^ty.or Pl*c contribute to county rates by virtue of an all made in the twelfth*b|cn£y^year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for tbs mors easy fl Geo. to difejfing^tolleilihgy and levying of county rates; the justices of the contribute to Ipelfce for Iveiyiiich city, town, liberty, division, and place, at JF^t1* fenyYeflions of meeting, of the greater part of them then and apSnta there assembled, may and shall appoint a treasurer, and shall treasurer, id affds upon every parish, tything, township, hamlet, or vill, with- alfefs each in the limits of their respective jurisdtHions, in such proportions parish.&c.proas' the fates heretofore made For the relief of the poor have been [h^r°usualt0 ufdaTty assessfed, and shall cause to be paid out of the money pp^ rates' 'fciTIelted atfd levied for the relief of the poor of every such pa- m a furo sup-rish, tything, township, hamlet, or viil, into the hands of such £icnilo*£-treasuret4, stich sum or sums of money as they in their discretion ^[seers^the shall think sufficient for reimbursing to the overseer or overseers wcefcly of the federal parishls, tythings* townships, hamlets, or vills, lowance? paid within the limits of their respective jurisdictions, the amount by them., of the weekly allowances paid by such overseer or overseers to

the

4$ Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. m? f1760.

>t 1 1

' fht families of the rhilitia men residing within their respfdtivw '\-x'jurisidi&iohs as aforesaid; and every such treasurer shall forth-Yt ., with reimburse the same to every such overseer or overfeqrs, ap*r

ebrdinefy r and such treasurer is hereby required to keep exaefc trW^/an accounts of all the monies that shall have been Sq

acppj^t the P*d into his hands, and so by him reimbursed to such overseer mpftifM so re- or overseers as aforesaid; and shall, at thie end of every fix ca^ CtXui\ v ^endar chonths, transmit the said accounts to the treasurer of the or riding of which such city, town, liberty, division, and er of thjtooun- pliee, is, by an z£l made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his, ty every (6, present Majesty, intituled An act for the better ordering of the mi-m ittia fonts tn the federal counties of that part of Great Britain cal-

{'- led England, united with and made part of, for the purposes of the said ach

Treasurer of y. Provided, That the treasurer of the city of Lincoln^ and of ^ncplnC to county the &id city, shall transmit his accounts to the trea-traqlmit*surer of the division of Lindsey within the county of Lincoln. hh &cotmts to the treasurer of Lindsey division.

Provl^e<* always, an^ b lt enacted, That the treafuifcr

imbiufe'tp TC'any county> riding, city, town, liberty, division, or place, overseers any within the part of Great Britain aforesaid, who shall, after the money on ac- passing of this atf, reimburse to any overseer or overseers of the v^eRl ^allow Poor an^ Pari* ty thing, township, hamlet, or vill, any sum

an^ to the*°* sums of money tn pursuance of the directions of this act, on families of account of the weekly allowance to the family of any militia man snlgtia men, serving in the militia of any county, riding, city, town, liberty, serving in any division, or place, other than the county, riding, city, town. It-than*that tr berty, division, or place, where such family mall dwell, shall wherein such deliver or transmit an account of such money as he shall have so ftrmlies dwell, reimbursed, as aforesaid, signed by one or more justiceorjustice* t^-to of the peace for the county, riding, city, town, liberty, division, account there- or pl^ce, where such family shall dwell, to the treasurer ofhe of, signed by county, riding, city, town, liberty, division, or place, in the a|u|rce>to the militia whereof such militia man shall serve; and thereupon the treasurer to whom such account shall have been delivered or wherehT such transmitted as aforesaid, shall, and is hereby required, to pay to men serve, and the treasurer who shall have so delivered or transmitted such ache is to reira- count, the sum or sums so by him reimbursed to such overseer Wfethtmtheor overseers, and shall be allowed the same in his accounts.

VII. And, for avoiding all unnecessary expences on account

foments and ^ie Pay ^ie °cers militia when embodied and called

battalion*, to out into actual service, be it enacted, That the pay of every re-which com- giment or battalion of militia, to which the commissions for I°cers ^avc not been and given, pursuant to the dir were not afi regions of the feveraf acts of parliament for the better ordering signed before the militia forces in the several counties of that part of Great s May, 17(10, Britain called England, before the first day of May, one thousand and of all in- seven hundred and sixty, and of every independent Company of companies militia now embodied and in adhial service, when it shall, after nowembodied its return home, and discharge from such actual service, be and in actual again embodied and called out into actual service, shall be issued fervicci when ' and

1760.] Anno tricesimo? tesrio GeorgjIII. c. 2ju 47

and paid according to the following oftabljihineni; that is tathe same shall (ay. The field officer* of a regiment (which, when embodied.return home^and tri actual service, shall in no case consist of more than twelve^companies, nor left than eight companies, of eighty private t*en again etrrtxw at the mod, and sixty private men at the lead) intitled to pay, ed andd!Wd^ dull be one colohel, one lieutenant colonel, and ooe major ants where the number of private men shall amount to five companies, or to any number under eight companies, such militia bli(hfoent;]r.J flwfl befbrtried into a battalion, with one lieutenant colonel and To every re^r-f one major, and no other field officer intitled to pay; and where the number of private men shall amount to three companies, or*/'< 3

to any number under five companies, such militia shall also be, lieutenant*formed into a battalion with one lieutenant colonel, and no other colonel, and field officer intitled to pay; and in each regiment or battalion*maior '> of militia, there shall be intitled to pay a number of captains, JalTon^of or' lieutenants, and ensigns, equal to the number of companies inmQre poinpa- t, such regiment or battalion ("grenadier companies excepted, nies, i t

wherein there shall be one captain and two lieutenants intitled colonel, and t to pay) and in every such regiment or battalion there shall ndTo'every 7 iritftled to pay one adjutant, one quarter-mader, one surgeon, inferior baZ; one serjeant-major, and one drum-major, and a number of fer- lion, i Ireatl 11 jesnts and corporals, in the proportion of one serjeant and one cotoxri; corporal Uy twenty prirate men, and also two drummers to each 1

company; and mevery county, riding, and place, and in every ^6 enfigus, 'cfcy and town, being a county, within the pan of Great Britain equal to* be'aforesaid, and in the isle of Jrigbty and in the town of Berwick number of upon Tweed, where the number of private militia men shall not m y

be sufficient to form a regiment or a battalion, according to the (except gre- -intent and meaning of this act, the following establishment shall nadier comjfnu taiLe- place therein.; and the militia thereof, and the officers ofnies, wherein'such militia, shall, when embodied and in actual service, be %:

titled to pay accordingly; that is to say, The militia of such jieStenants)*' counties, ridings, places, cities, and towns, and of the said isle staff-officers: K of tVigbty shall be formed into independent companies, each t adjutant, company confiding of eighty private men at the mod, and sixty

private men at the lead; and to every such company there shall fageon. n be intitled to pay, one captain, one lieutenant, and one ensign, t ftrj? major, and a tmmber of serjeants and corporals equal to the number i dnrm-major, j herein before allowed to a company of militia: and it shall be with serjeants, lawful for his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, to join toge- an

ther any number of such independent companies, and therb- To the inde-with to form a battalion or battalions, or to incorporate them pendent com^ with any regiment or battalion, regiments or battalions, of mi- Rar"s liria, but so as the number of companies in any such regiment and°other S*or battalion do not exceed, or (all Short of, the number ot com- places, parties of which a regiment or battalion of militia isiierein be- t captain;

fore respectively allowed to consist, 1 linttfawmt^-

r 4 i ennytr, with

serjeants and corporals. Independent companies may be formed into battalions; or incorporated with- other regi menu, See.

VIII. And whereas doubts have arisen, whether a lieutenant of any county % riding, or place, can serve as a colonel in the militia for "t'

such r

48 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii' II. C. 44.

[17<x>.

Lieutenants of fab county, ridings or place, be it therefore declared and enacted aa^coloness aut^or*ry aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the lieu-

where noco- tenant of any county, riding, or place, to acb as a colonel of any regiment or battalion of militia for such county, riding, or place, for and during such time or times as there shall not be any colonel appointed for the command of the same regiment or battalion; but no lieutenant shall at any one time zA as a colonel to more than one regiment or battalion.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where his Majesty's lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, within the part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall, under the powers given by this zA, serve as colonel to any body of militia by this zA deemed a battalion, he shall not, when such battalion shall be embodied and in actual service, be intitled to or receive any other pay than that of a lieutenant colonel; and that no other person whatsoever shall serve, or be intitled to pay, as a lieutenant colonel in such

rfon to serve battalion, during the time that his Majesty's said lieutenant or be intitled shall serve therein as colonel; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it enacted, That where the number of officers in any regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, now embodied and in actual service, exceeds the number by

looel shall be appointed; but not to more than i regiment or battalion;

and is to receive pay as lieutenant colonel only, when fenring with any battalion embodied and called out; and no other

to such pay, during such time.

So many officers now embodied and in this zA intitled to pay under the establishment aforesaid, fuen and so many of them of each respective rank exceeding the number so intitled to pay, shall, within two months after the passing of this zAy be exempted from actual service, as shall desire so to be; and no officer so exempted shall be intitled to or receive any pay as an officer of the militia.

service, as shall desire it; but they are not to be intitled to pay.

XI. And whereas it might conduce to the better disciplining of the militia, if the adjutant of each regiment or battalion was allowed to be a commissionea officer in the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this zA it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, to grant unto the adjutant of each regiment or battalion a commission of lieutenant, or any inferior commission therein, if he shall think fit, although such adjutant shall not have the qualification mentioned in this or any former zA; and such adjutant shall be and is hereby freed and discharged from all penalties and forfeitures for taking and holding such commission, or acting as a commissioned officer in such regiment or battalion, without having such qualification; any thing herein, or any former zA or zAs, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the number of private militia men within any such city or town, as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to form one company according to the establishment aforesaid, then, and in such cale, the private

formacompa- militia men of such city or town shall be and be deemed part of,

the are to be anc* ^erven! ^omc c°mPanY or companies of the militia of deemed part the county or riding to which such city or town is, by an zA

made

service, as exceeds the number upon the estabiiih-xnent of pay; may be exempted from

Lieutenants or inferior commissions may be granted to adjutants, tho* they want a legal qualification;

and they are indemnified for holding the same.

Where the men of any city or town shall npt be sufficient to

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. aa, 49

(hade in the thirtieth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An ofjtodtofrrve

dft for the better ordering of the militia forces, in thefevtral counties JrV ^m5 c?- Of that part of Great Britain called England, united, for the pur- county, ic.*poses therein mentioned y and the deputy lieutenants and justipc* to which such' of the peaqe of and for the county or riding to which such city city or towa or town is so united, as aforesaid, shall, in such case, have full^3*/ power.and authority to adk within such city or town, with re- amTthe^p, ipect to such matters only as shall relate to the militia thereof, lieutenant* in the same manner, and to all intents apd purposes, asjHeyare and justices by law impowered and required to adk, with respect to the mi- maya^there^ litia of any other part of such county, riding or place; any do^in any^thing herein* or in any other adk, contained to the contrary not- county, with withstanding. resperf to the*

XIII. And whereas some doubt bath arisen, whether certain pro\ thereof. vifsons contained in an act tHade in this present session of parliament, ah the prori-intituled, An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the lions in the better payment of the army and their quarters, do at any time, or mutiny act in any case, extend to the officers of the militia and private militia men; it is hereby declared and enacted, That from the time are to extend: that any regiment, battalion, or independent company of mi- f

litia shall be drawn out and embodied, until they shall be re- drawn turned again, by order of their commanding officers, to their embodied, a* respective parishes or places of abode, all the provisions contain- to the JCwg1* ed in the said adk relating to officers and soldiers mustered, listed, regular for<?o* Or iri pay 1st his Majesty's service, do and shall equally extend ^52n!ft as to, and talce place, in respedk of the officers and private militia otherwise spe-men of every such regiment, battalion, or independent corapa- dally provkU ny of militia respectively, excepting only as to such particulars Cr^as are br shall be otherwise specially provided for by any adk or sfuima adks of parliament for regulating the militia forces within that part of Great Britain aforesaid.

XI Vi And whereas by a clause in an act made in the lof session The clausein of parliament, intituled An act for enforcing the execution of the act ^Gco. the laws relating to the militia; and for ferhoving certain dif- ^oMhalV Acuities, and preventing inconveriiencies attending, or which of^he^ualifi-may attend, the same; it is enacted, That one half of the estates cation of dep. thereby respectively required for the qualification of the deputy lieutenants lieutenants* and of the captains, lieutenants, and ensigns* of the ^of militia in the isle of Etyi in the county of Cambridge, shall be (halt lie Situate or arising within the said isle, from which provision some within the said inconvenience has been found to a rife; for remedy whereof, be isle, is r e-it ehadted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the said'r clause as requires that one half of such estates shall be situate or ny arising within the said ille of Ely, be, and the same is hereby in ElvorCam-repealed j and that one half of the estates by the said fecited adk bridgeihire j respectively required for the qualification of the deputy lieutenants, and of the captains, lieutenants, and enfigrls of the militia, in the said isle of Ely, shall be situate or arising within the said isle, or some other part of the county of Cambridge: and -

in case any person shall adk as a deputy lieutenant, or as a cap- notbeing1* tain, lieutenant, or epfign of the mifiiia, in the said isle, who listed, iatiU Yol. XXIII. E shall

5

same as with-in any other county.

[Preamble.]

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 23, 24. [1760.

shall not be respectively qualified in such manner as by the said recited clause (so far as the same is not hereby altered) and by this act is required, every such person shall be subject and liable to the same penalties and forfeitures as any person is subject and liable to for acting as a deputy lieutenant or officer of the militia, within any other county or place in England, without being qualified according to the acts of parliament now in force relating thereto.

Cap. xxiii.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Aim of money towards paying off and discharging the debt of the ifavy; and towards naval services, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

[Preamble.]

Credit of loan granted to his Majesty for raising 1, 500, 000l. Treasury may raise the same by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner as is prescribed by the land tax ad of this session, concerning loans or exchequer bills thereby to be made out. The clauses. See. in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, extended to the loans or exchequer bills to lie made forth in pursuance of this act. The exchequer bills lb made forth, and iftbed to the treasurer of the navy, not to be received again in payment of any tax, nor exchanged before6 March, 1761. nor may any action lie for such refusal. The principal and interest, with the charges attending, to be paid out of the next supplies j and if none sufficient be granted before 5 July 1761, they are then to be paid out of the sinking fund; and the monies so issued are to be replaced out of the firffc supplies. The bank impowered to advance on the said credit of loan, any sum or Aims not exceeding i, <oo, ooool. the ad of 5 & 6 W. Sc M. notwithstanding. Appropriation of the said money; viz. 1,000, 0001. towards discharging the navy debt; and 500, 000l. towards naval services in general.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for applying the money granted in this of -

liament, towards defraying the charge of pay and ing of the unembodied militia, for one year, ending the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and for explaining certain parts of the acts for the better ordering of the militia forces within that part of Great Britain called England, relating to the money to be given to private militia, upon their bang ordered out into actual service; and to the cloaths of private militia men, and to the time of the commencement of the pay of the embodied militia.

WHEREAS the sum of eighty thousand pounds has been granted to his Majesty, upon, towards defraying the charge of pay and cloathing for the unembodied militia, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, to the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one: in order therefore that the charge of pay and cloathing for such militia may be duly and properly defrayed and satisfied, be it enacted by the King's in oft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this ptefcot parliament a&mbledv

vjBo."] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 24*'

and by the authority of the same, That within ten days after Where pay that his Majesty's lieutenant, or, in his absence, any three deputy lieutenants of any county, riding, or place, within that the lieutenant* part of Great Britain called England, where pay has not yet been or deputy lieu-issued for the militia according to law, shall have certified to the tenant of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or high treasurer for ^"n^certU the time being, that three fifths of the number of private militia fiedTo the*men of any regiment, battalion, or independent company of the treasury the militia, of such county, riding, or place, have been chosen and actual inroll* inrolled, and that the like proportion of the number of the com- nir*nt million officers of such' regiment, battdlion, or independent company, have been appointed, and have taken out their com- cers required millions, and entered their qualifications as is by law required, to be inrolled* his Majesty's said lieutenant, or, in his absence, the said three pajr* deputy lieutenants, shall also certify the same to the receiver of clothing are receivers general of the land tax for such county, riding, oriffuable, place; and when any regiment, battalion* or independent com- are to certify pany of the militia, of any county, riding, dr place* within the the same also part of Great Britain aforesaid* that shall have been embodied ^neraUf the and called out into actual forvice, shall be disembodied and re- sand tax*turned home by order of their commanding officers, and there- and also the by be no longer intitled to the same pay as the officers and pri- r*tu*n of an^ rate men in his Majesty's other regiments of foot receive, his Majesty's lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, to which embodied and such regnhent, battalion, or independent company shall belong* called out, or, in his absence, any three deputy lieutenants, shallcertify to"Jj?1chh^?.ll4bt the receiver or receivers general of the land tax for such county, and eturoed

riding, or place, that such regiment* battalion, or independent home.

company* is disembodied and returned home as aforesaid; upon receipt of which certificate, such receiver or receivers general Receivers ge* of the land tax shall issue and pay the whole fum$ required for m^ke^fTues of the several uses herein after mentioned; that is say, For the pay months pay of the said militia* for four calendar months in advance from the in advance, date of such certificate, at the rate of six shillings a day for each fr?1|iedate adjutant, where an adjutant is by this act allowed $ and at the catw accwd-rate of one shilling a day for each serjeant, with the addition of ing to the two shillings and six pence a week for each serjeant-major, where establishment a serjeant-major is by this act allowed; and at the rate of fix of PaT here pence a day for each drummer, with the addition of fix pencelct dow|1*

H day for each drum-major, where a drum-major is by this act allowed; and also at the rate of one shilling for each private militia many wkh the addition of six pence to each corporal, for every day in which such private militia man, or corporal, shall be respectively employed in rite militia; and also at the rate of two shillings for each private militia man, with the addition of on* shilling to each corporal, for his march on the Monday and Saturdays Whitsun Week, to and from the place of general ex-ereife y rand also at (he fate of five pence a month for each pri*

race man* and drummer, for defraying the contingent expences of each regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia; nd also for half a year's salary for the clerk oi each regiment j

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 24. [1760.

to the regimental and battalion clerks, and the allowances to the clerk of the general meetings 5 and clerks of the Aihdivision meetings} and also pay for cloathing

of militia, or of the battalion of militia belonging to such county, riding, or place, at the rate of fifty pounds a year; and also for the respective allowances to the clerk of the general meetings, and clerks of the several subdivision meetings, at the rates following; that is to say, To the clerk of the general meetings, at the rate of five pounds five shillings for each meeting; and to the several clerks of the subdivision meetings, at the rate of one pound one shilling for each meeting; and also for the cloathing of the militia for such county, riding, or place, where the militia hath not already been doathed, at the rate of one pound ten shillings for each private man, and at the rate of two pounds for each drummer, and at the rate of three pounds ten shillings for each serjeant.

Where certi- II- Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every such ficates, as a- county, riding, or place, within the part of Great Britain afore-foresaid, have faj^ for which his Majesty's lieutenant, or, in his absence, any been received, three deputy lieutenants, shall have certified to the purposea-foresaid, and received the cloathing for the militia thereof, which shall not have been embodied and called out into actual service; and in every county, riding, and place, within the part of Great Britain aforesaid, where the militia shall, after having been embodied and called out into actual service, be disembodied, and be returned home by order of their commanding of-. fleers, and thereby be no longer intitled to the lame pay as the ^ncraTarTto °cersand private men in his Majesty's other regiments of foot make the ufu- receive, and such return shall have been certified as aforesaid; al issues, with the receiver or receivers general of the land tax for every such out any new respective county, riding, or place, shall make the issues or pay-that pun^fc menls aforesaid, without any new or other certificate made for p *that purpose.

The money to HI. And be it enacted, That all such sums of money afore-be paid to the said (except such as shall be due to the several clerks of the clerk of the meetings aforesaid) shall be paid by the said receiver or receivers

baua^ion or &encral lhe lan<* tax>nt0 t*lc hands of the clerk or clerks of a a ion; the regiment or regiments, or of the battalion of militia belonging to such county, riding, or place, upon his or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of appointment to such office, under the hand and seal of his Majesty's lieutenant for and for inde- such respective county, riding, or place; and where the militia pendent com- foalj bc form€d

into an independent company or independent rerpSive* companies, such sums as aforesaid shall be paid by the said re-captains or ceiver or receivers general of the land tax into the hands of the to their order, respective captain of each independent company of militia, or to such person as such respective captain shall authorize to receive the same, according to the number of persons hereby intitled to receive pay, of which such regiment or regiments, battalion or battalions, independent company or independent companies, A secondpay- shaft have been appointed to consist: and such receiver or re-, (bmade^with- ce*vers general of the land tax shall also, within fourteen days in " months a^tcr rite expiration of the third calendar month from the time after the first 5 of the said first payment, make a second payment for four calendar

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 24. 53

lendar months in advance; and shall also, within fourteen days and a third, after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time of the said second payment, make a third payment for four ca- (he^cond!17 lendar months in advance, for the pay and contingent expences of the militia, and for the allowances to the regimental or battalion clerk or clerks aforesaid, in the proportions herein before Receipts of mentioned: and the receipts of such clerk or clerks, and of such the persons to captain of an independent company, or captains of independent companies, or of such person or persons as such captain or captains shall so authorize to receive such money as aforesaid, shall charge the re-bc a sufficient discharge to such receiver or receivers general ceiven gene-of the land tax for the several sums of money so by him or them ral*

paid. The clerks are

IV. And be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or to pay one battalion of militia shall forthwith, after the receipt of such sums month in ad-of money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, one calendar J2"utant and month's pay in advance to the adjutant, and fourteen days pay todays to the in advance to the serjeant-major and drum-major of such re- ierjeant-major giment or battalion respectively; and to the captain or com- and drum-manding officer of each company belonging to such regiment or battalion, two months pay in advance for his respective com- \ pany, and for the contingent expences thereof; and so from vance to the time to time so long as any money on that account shall remain captains, for in his hands: which pay every such captain or commanding of- t.heir ^fp*0-ficer is hereby required to distribute to each person belonging ?°ini>a" to his company by this act intitled to receive the same, as it who are to di-Shall become due; and shall once in every year give in to the tribute the clerk of the regiment or battalion to which such company shall same abe-belong, an account of several payments he shall have made in account purfttance of this act, and shall pay back to the said clerk the for the same surplus, if any, of the money by him from time to time receiv- yearly to the ed, and then remaining in his hands, except the money by this and pay alt allowed for contingent expences, for the disposition whereof, {^7 provision is herein after made: and the said money allowed for and also the* the contingent expences of each regiment or battalion of militia, balance of the shall, once in every year, be accounted for by the captain of money allow-each company respectively in manner aforesaid, and the balance gent°c^ntUl- thereof shall be by him paid into the hands of the clerk of the j^ncesi regiment or battalion to which such company shall belong, to which is to he be applied to the general use of the said regiment or battalion, applied to the

as the them

ie field officers and captains thereof, or the greater part of recimenu n, shall, at a general meeting, direct: and the captain of Captains of each independent company is hereby required to distribute to independent each person belonging to his company intitled thereto, such companies to.money as he (half receive by virtue of this act; and the said to^heir0 money allowed for the contingent expences of each independent men^nd accompany of militia, shall be respectively applied to the particular ply the money life of such independent company by the captain thereof. allowed for

V. And be it enacted, That the said regimental or battalion £ont, nSent^tferfc may and shall retain to his own use, out of the money so aerk to*r©

him received, such further sums as shall complete the allow- tain in his*' E3 juice bands money

54 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 24. [1760.

for his own ance herein before made for his /alary 5 and such regimental or fa ary; battalion clerk shall pay to such person or persons as shall pro-\ duce an order from his Majesty's lieutenant, or from the com-the doathin^ mane^ng officer of such regiment or battalion, and such captain bill*. ° of an independent company, or such person as shall be by him appointed for that purpose, shall pay and discharge such sums of money as shall be due and owing for or on account of the cloathing of the said militia, not exceeding the rates herein before mentioned.

time^he*16 Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any re-

troops are giment, battalion, or independent company of militia, is or shall embodied, and be embodied and called out into actual service, and thereby the called out into officers and private militia men are or shall be intitled to the actual service, same pay as t^e 0fgcers and private men in his Majesty's other all pay from regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or receivers the receivers general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, to which celfc. 1110 rcg*ment* battalion, or independent company of militia, shall belong, whether to the adjutant, serjeants, private militia men, or others; and all money allowed as aforesaid for the The clerk of contingent expences of such regiment, battalion, or independent the general company of militia; and also the allowance to the clerk of such meetings is to regiment, or battalion, shall, during such time of actual service, fcoCnct cease, and nor be paid.

upon produ-

VII. And be it enacted, That the said receiver or receivers ring an order general of the land tax shall pay to the clerk of the general from the lieu-meetings his allowance, at the rate of five pounds five shillings amfthe clerks ^or meeting, upon his producing an order or orders for of the fubdi- that purpose from his Majesty's lieutenant, or from three de-vilion meet- puty lieutenants assembled at some general meeting or meetings, upon ings } and shall also pay to each and every the clerks of the sub-Fike order*iviiion meetings their several allowances, at the rate of one pound from the de- one shilling for each meeting, upon his or their producing an order puty lieute- or orders from one or more deputy lieutenant or deputy Iieute-mms' A-c nts assembled in the several subdivision meetings; which said ^"'order or orders shall be to the find receiver or receivers general receiveis ge- of the landtax a sufficient discharge for the payment of such al-neral. lowances, and be allowed in his or their account.

Regimental

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the clerk of and battalion each regiment or battalion of militia shall give security to his clerks to give Majesty's lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, to which security for such regiment or battalion shall belong, by a bond to his accounting Majesty in the penalty of one half of the sum required for the for the moniet whole year's charge of the regiment or battalion of militia to received by which such clerk shall belong, for duly answering and paying them j such sums as he shall, from time to time, have received, and b^o^d'wTth ^Jy "counting for the ft* <*nd for ^fonnwee of the the receivers trust hereby m him reposed; which said bond shall be lodged general, and in the hands of the receiver or receivers general of the land tax put in iuit by for the respective county, riding, or place, who, in case the said iwiTerform11 reg^meata^ or battalion clerk shall not duly perform the condi-alice'ot the" tiens comprised in the said bond, shall, and is hereby required conditions) forthwith

15r6b.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 24. 55

forthwith to put the said bond in suit in the name of his Ma-?n^ 1tJ'f7are jesty, his heirs, and successors; the full costs hnd charges of which suit shall be paid by the said regimental or battalion c£flj an(j clerk, to the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax, charges, who shall like wife be intitled to and receive to his or their own and 5*- Pf* use* at the rate of five pounds per centum out of all such monies as shall be by him or them recovered thereon, and shall account vered j for the residue thereof with the proper auditor of his Majesty's the residue to revenue, the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax be accounted charging himself or themselves therewith upon the next account the au- of the land tax to be by him or them passed.

IX. And be it enacted, That the clerk of every regiment or The regi. battalion of militia, and the captain of every independent com- cntal"4 pany of militia, in every county, riding, and place, within the cierics^d part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall, between the twenty fifth captains of day of March, and the twenty fifth day of June, in the year independent one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, deliver to the recei- companies, ver or receivers general of the land tax for the county, riding, fn^cccmnts^ or place, to which such regiment, battalion, or independent of their recompany shall belong, a fair account in writing of all monies by ceipts and did him received and disbursed for the service of the preceding year burfements, in pursuance of this act, with proper vouchers for the same; and balanc^ shall pay back to the said receiver or receivers general of the to the recei-land tax any surplus of such monies that shall be then in his vers general; hands; which said accounts, signed by such regimental or bat- who ar.c talion clerk, or by such captain of an independent company re- auntsinto spectively, shall be traosmitted by the said receiver or receivers the auditor's general of the land tax into the office of the proper auditor of office.

His Majesty's revenue. T.

X. And be it enacted, That in case his Majesty's lieutenant \0

of any county, riding, or place, within the part of Great Britain take proper aforesaid, shall neglect to take such security as aforesaid, from securityot the the clerk or clerks of his or their respective regiment or regi- clerks, or to ments, battalion or battalions, of militia, or to deposit the same bonds1 with in the hands of the receiver or receivers general of the land tax, t^e receivers for the same county, riding, or place, such his Majesty's lieu- general; tenant shall be answerable to such receiver or receivers general answer*

of the land tax for any loss of public monies sustained by the

default of fqch clerk or clerks. sustained by

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all penalties, their default* all costs and charges of suit, and all sums of money for which gecoyery of gny person or persons is or are by this a & made answerable, penalties, &c. may and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster$ by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eiToin, wager of law, or prote<ftion, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XII. And\ to obviate and prevent all doubts that have arisen, or may artfe, eonferning the claim of militia men in afluol service, to the guinea allowed, by the said all passed in the thirty fiirjl year of his Majestfs reign, to every private militia man ordered out into actual service> and by the said aQ directed to be paid to every such private

E 4 militia

56

Annp tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 25. [1760.

receive the guinea allowed by act $1 Geo. 2.

and the receivers general are to pay to the cap-

militia man, by their respective captains, on or before the day ap-Every militia pointedfor their marching; be it enacted and declared, That every Smoaftu 1 Pr*vate militia man, who has, or shall have been ordered out service^ is to iPt0 a<^ua^ service, whether at the time wheh the regiment, battalion, or independent company to which such private militia than belongs, has belonged, or shall belong, was or shall be first embodied and ordered out into actual service, or afterwards, and who shall not have received the guinea so allowed as aforesaid, shall, in consideration of his having been so called out into actual service, be, and be deemed to be, intitlpd to, and shall receive, one guinea from the captain of the company to which such private militia man respectively doth, did, or shall belong, or have belonged; which captain shall receive from the receiver or receivers general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, to the militia whereof such company doth, did, or shall tains the mo- respectively belong, so many guineas as now are, or shall be so £V*hadi86r ^uc' anc* amount thereof shall be allowed to such receiver that accountn or receivers general of the land tax, in his or their accounts.

No fee to be

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fee or paid for issuing gratuity whatsoever, shall bp given or paid, for or upon account warrants for of any warrant or sum of money, which shall be issued in rela-No militia tien to or in pursuance of, this act.'

man untrain-

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no private ed before palT- militia man who shall not have been trained and exercised being this act, fQre the passing of thi$ aft, shall be intitled to hiscloaths for his

his^doaths0 Own u^e' Unt1^ie ^ave ^erv^ for r^e space three years, until he has^unembodied; or for the space of one year, if embodied and served 3 yean, in actual service, after delivery of the said cloaths.

If unembo-

XV. And whereas doubts have arisen upon an act made in the year if fa*ac- thirtieth year of his present Majests reign, intituled An act for th^ tual service." better ordering the militia forces in the several counties of that Act 30 Geo. 2. part of Great Britain called England, with regard to the time when the pay of the officerj of the mtlitia and private militia men which have been, or fall be, ordered out into actual service, ought to com-Officers and meme; it is hereby further declared and enacted, That the offi^ men are inti- cers of militia and private militia men are and shall be in-

tied to pay, from the date

titled to pay, from the day of the date of his Majesty's warrant if the war- for drawing out and embodying the said militia; any thing rant for their herein, or in any othpf aft, contained to the contrary notwith-being drawn standing. out and cm- 0

Wied,

CAP. XXV.

An act for continuing certain laws relating to the additional

number of one hundred hackney chairs, and the powers given for regulating hackney coaches and chains.

Preamble, re- VII WHEREAS so much of an act made in the twelfth year of citing clauses the reign of his late as relates to the additional unm-

jn aft 11 Geo. for 0 f 0Be hundred baclney chairs therein, and olfi several

elaujes relating to the jurisdiction, and authorities, of the

(emmissoners for licensing and regulating hackney coaches and,

anc)

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. e.a5. 57

and of justices of the peace, and the rules, penalties, and forfeitures, orders and directions, in the acts herein after mentioned, dr* expiring: and whereas by an act made in the third year of the reign and 3

of his said late Majesty, the rates, duties, rents, payments, granted by, or mentioned in, former acts for licensing hackney coaches and chairs, w*r* perpetual^ subject to redemption by parliament;

*/ /V therefore proper that so much of the said act, made in the twelfth year of his Majesty's reign, as relates to the said additional.nutnber of hackney chairs, and the said several clauses, rules, penalties, forfeitures, orders, and directions, Should be in force, during the continuance of such rates, duties, rents, or payments aforesaid \ be it therefore enacted by the King's tnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritqal and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said act, So much of made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King the recited George the First, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty, by laying a duty upon all victuallers and retailers of beer and the additiomS ale within the cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly number of bills of mortality; and for prohibiting their fending beer or ale out of hackney their houses to dislant places in any pots or vessels less than a galion; ^'condn'ued and also for adding one hundred additional hackney chairs to those al- b^fe^raKub-ready licensed; and for applying certain arrears of former land taxes sequent a fts, towards the supply granted to his Majesty, for the service of the yearto be in one thousand seven hundred and twenty six; and for appropriating £orc{'for ruch the supplies granted in this session of parliament; as relates to the, Myformer additional number of one hundred hackney chairs therein men- aft relating tioned, which was to continue in force for eighteen years, from to the licens-the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and in£ hackney twenty six; and which, by another act made in the sixteenth chair/8shall year of his present Majesty's reign, was further continued until have continu* the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ance. sixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, apd is hereby, continued in full force and effect, for and during such further time as any former act relating to the licensing of hackney coaches or chairs, or any part of such former act, shall be in force and have continuance.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The clauses the fever?! clauses in an act made in the ninth year q( the rpignin the of her late majesty Queen Anne, (intituled An act for licensing9 and regulating hackney coache^ and chairs; and for charging certain new duties on flampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and on cards and dice, and on the exportation of rock salt for Ireland; and for securing thereby, and by a weekly payment out of the poji office, apd by several duties on hides and' skins, a yearly fund of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred apd seventy pounds, for thirty two years, to be applied to the fatifaction of such orders as are therein mentioned, to the contributors of any sum not exceeding two millions, to be raised for carrying on the war, and other her Majesty's occasions) and in an to Anns^ act made in the tenth year of the reign of her said late Majesty (intituled An act for laying several duties upon all fope and papeir

fiadf

5? Anno tricesimo emio Georgii II. c. 26. [1760.

wadi in Great Britain, or imported into the fame\ and upon chequered and flriped linens imparted; and upon certain Iilks, callicoes, linens tmd stuffs printed, painted, or stained; and upon several kinds of stampt vellum, parchment, and paper; and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets, and advertisvnents, for raising the sum of eighteen hundred thousand pounds by way of a lottery, towards bar Majestfs supply; and for licensing an additional number of hackney ihairs \ and for charging certain flocks of cards and dice; and for better flooring her Majestfs duties to arise in the office for the ft amp duties by licences for marriages, and otherwise; and for relief of persons who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have left exchequer bills or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon flock, port of the capital of the South Sea company, for the use of the n Anns, publish) and in one other act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her said late majesty (intituled An act for explaining the acts for licensing hackney chairs) and also in an act made in the first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First (in-and 1 Geo. i, tituled. An act for better regulating hackney coaches, carts, drays, carrs, and waggons, within the cities of London and Westminster, ^riWiSio tbC^tills of mortality; and for preventing mischiefs octd-Und power* offiime^ b drivers riding upon such carts, drays, carrs, and wag*

the commis- £*) relating to the jurisdiction, powers, and authorities of the fieoers {jar li- commissioners far licensing and regulating hackney coaches and censing, &c. chairs, and of justices of the peace, and the rules, penalties, coache/and lorfeitures, orders and directions, therein mentioned; which chair*, are to several clauses were to have continuance from the several be iu force times of the commencement thereof, for the respective terms during such therein mentioned; and which, by an act made in the sixteenth othe^pavt'of Xcar his Preknt Majesty's reign, were further continued un-the said acts til the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred ^relating to the and sixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session licensing, &c. of parliament, shall be, and are hereby, continued in full force and efifed, for and during such further time as any other part of the said acts relating to the licensing of hackney coaches or -chairs, shall be in force and have continuance.

hackney coaches, or chairs shall have continuance.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for reviving and continuing so much of an act made in the twenty first year of Majesty's at relates to the more effetl trial and of high treason, and mifpnsion of high, in the highlands in Scotland; and also for continuing two other acts, one made in the nineteenth, and the other made in the twenty first year of his present

tiny relate to the more effectual disarming the highlands of Scotland, and for securing the peace thereof.

Preamble; reciting

WHEREAS fa much of an act made in the twenty first year

(Uufei* of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for in act* tt the more effectual trial and punishment of high treason in the Geo. -'" highland*

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 16. 0

highlands of Scotland*, and far abrogating the pra&ieeof taking

down the evidence in writing in certain criminal prosecutions $ and for making Tome further regulations relating to sheriffs de* putes and stewarts depute, and their fubditutes; and for other purposes therein mentioned; as relates to the trial and fmmftment of high treason, and misprision of high treason, committed in the highlands of Scotland, is now expiring; and also so much of another act made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, j9 Geo. a*

An act for the more effectual disarming the highlands in Scotland; and for more effectually securing the peace of the said highlands; and for redrawing the use of the highland dress; and for further indemnifying such persons as have acted in defence of his Majesty's person and government, during the unnatural rebellion; and for indemnifying the judges and other officers of the court of judiciary in Scotland for not performing the northern circuit in May* one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and for obliging the maders and teachers of private schools in Scotland, and chaplains, tutors, and governors of children and youth, to take the oaths to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, and to regider the same; as relates to the more effectually disarming and securing the peace of the highlands of Scotland; and also so much of another l|Mj qc0

act made in the twenty first year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to amend and enforce so much of an act made in the nineteenth year of his Majesty's reign, as relates to the more effectual disarming the highlands in Scotland, and redrawing the use of the highland dress; and to madersand teachers of private school6, and chaplains; and to explain a clause in another act made in the same year, relating to letters of orders of epifoopal miniders in Scotland; and to oblige persons allowed to carry arms, and the directors of the banks there, and certain persons belonging to, and practising in, the courts of session and judiciary, to take the oaths; and to repeal some clauses in an act made in the fird year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Fird, whereby certain encouragements arc given to landlords and tenants in Scotland, who Chould continue in their duty and loyalty to his said late Majesty; and for other purposes therein mentioned; as relates to the disarming of the highlands, art near expiring: and whereas all these acts have been found useful and beneficial to the publick; be it therefore enacted by the King's most so much of excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the the fird recit-lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-dad of* liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so 9*°'*rc" much of the said fird mentioned act made in, the twenty fird tHai#and pu-year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the trial nishment of and punishment of high treason, and misprision of high treason, high treason, committed in the highlands of Scotland, shall, from and after ^d mifpnsion the fird day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, be trea" revived, and shall continue and be in force for the space of further conti-fewen years, and from thence to the end of the then next session nvtcA for 7 of parliament. years.

' IU And be it further enacted by thept}u>rity afofltftid, That f e

foad*ofi9&

Gq Anno tricesimo tercio Georgii II. c. 27. [1760.

1o much of the two other acts made in the nineteenth and twen-

*f1ateto the*Y Years rc*8n of h*8 present Majesty, as relate to

moreeffcftu* the more effectually disarming the highlands of Scotland, and fe-ally disarming curing the peace thereof, shall be, and are hereby continued, the highlands, and shall be in force from the time limited for the expiration further conti- thereof, for seven years, and front) thence to the end of the then Jear. 7 P*xt session of parliament,

CAP. XXVII.

An act to repeal so much of An act passed in the twenty ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, concerning a free market for fish at Westminster, as requires fishermen to enter their fishing vessels at the office of the searcher of the customs at Gravesend; and to regulate the sale of fish at the first band in the fish markets in London- and Westminster, and to prevent salesmen of fish buying fish to fell again on their own account; and to allow bret and turbot, brill and pearl, although under the respective dimen-. /tons mentioned in a former aB, to be imported and fold; and to punish persons who shall take or fell any spawn, brood, or fry of fish, unfizeable fish, or fish out of sea-Jon, or finelts under the fisce of five inches; and for other purposes.

Preamble, re- A S by An act made in the twenty ninth year of his

piting act* present Majestfs reign, intituled An act for explaining, a-9 Gea a. mending, and rendering more effectual an act made in the twenty second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for making afree market for thefale of fif).) in the city of Westminster; and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of fish; and for allowing the sale of fish, under the dimensions mentioned in a clause contained in An act of the first year of his late Majesty 5 reign, in case the same are taken with a hook, it was (amongst other things) enacted, That if any fisherman, or other person or persons whalfo-ever, master or owner of any fishing ship, Shop, smack, or fishing.tUjffil, coming from fta, or other person having the conduB of such fishing ship, fioop, smack, or fishing vessel, natives or foreigners, employed either in catching, bringing, or vending of fish, for the supply of the cities of London and Westminster, Should break bulk or make sale of their fish, or any part thereof, between Harwich and the Nore, or Margate and the Nore, to any person or persons to fell again, or Should not enter their ship, [loop, smack, or other fishing vessel, at such place or places, and within such time as therein was, and herein after is, mentioned, or Should keep any shall fish, or other fish whatsoever, in such their ship, fioop, smack, or other their fishing vessel or vessels, or in any well-boat or jlore-boat, after such their arrival, so as not to fell off their whole cargo of fish within the space of eight days, to be reckoned from the day of such their arrival at the $Nore as aforesaid, and thereof Should be conviBed before one or more

1jS0.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 27.

of his MajeJlfsjuJltces of the peace for the counties of Kent ot Essex, or before the mayor, recorder, or'such aldermen for the time being, who bad power to oft as justices of the peace within the corporations of Queenborough or Gravesend, on his, her, or their own confession or confessions, in writing under his or their hand or bands, or on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnessei\.which conviction Should be final', and without any appeal whatsoeiter 5 such ship, Jloop, smack, or fishing vessel, boat, Jlore-boat, or other' boat, into which the said fish, or any part thereof, Should be unloaded.or delivered, with all tackle, apparel, and furniture to the fume be-.longing, together with the whole cargo of such fish, Should be forfeit- id by the owners thereof, and disposed of as therein after mentioned; such forfeitures to be levied by difirejs and fate, by warrant under the hand and seal of any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace within the said counties of Kent or Essex, or of the said mayor, recorder, or aldermen, a Cling for the time being as magistrates, within the towns of Queenborough and Gravesend* or such mayor, recorder, or aldermen, of any other corporate town, between the said towns of Queenborough and Gravesend and the city of Westminster as aforesaid; which warrant or warrants the find justice or justices, mayors, recorders, or aldermen, was and were thereby impowered and required to make and issue accordingly, and to be directed to the high constable, petty constable, headborough, of tythingman, of either of the said towns of Queenborough or Gravesend, or any other towns as aforesaid, near unto where any such offences Should be committed, or where such ship, Jloop, smack, or fshing vessel, boat, Jlore-boat, or other boat, Should then be, to take and ftiTze the same, and sell and dispose thereof within fourteen days accordingly \ and one moiety or half part of the produce of such sale, after reasonable charges deducted, Should go and be paid to the informer or informers, as the said justices Should appoint, and the other moiety to the trustees appointed to put the said recited act in execution, and for the purposes therein mentioned: provided nevertheless. That in case any such fishing vessel was freighted or loaded with lobsters, or whose part loading might be made up with lobsters, and the fishermen or other person or persons, natives or foreigners, who Should be owners of such lobsters, or have the power to sell and dispose of the same, Should fell off her whole cargo of such lobsters, within twelve days after the arrival of such vessel, at the place or places therein before appointed for that purpose, and in all other respects conform to the directions of the said acts; then and in such case, the sale of the whole cargo of such lobsters, Should be, and was thereby declared to be, as good a sale thereof, as if such sale had been compleated and made within the said limited time of eight days before mentioned: and it was thereby further enacted, That from and af-> ter the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, there Should be paid to his Majesty's searcher or fcarchers at Gravesend, for the certificate of the entry of the arrival of any such fishing ship, Jloop, smack, or other vessel or vessels as aforesaid, the sum of two shillings, which was to be applied in manner following j that is to say. There Should be kept and retained by, and to the

ufc

62,

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 27/ [1760.

*/# of, the fend, starcher or farther:, yjr making out such certificatef six pence; and the remaining one /billing and six pence was thereby vested in the said trustees, and was to be paid by fitch fearther or starchers, from time to time, to the find trustees, or such other person or persons as the said trustees, or aky five or more of them* /bould, by arty writing for that purpose under their bands and feats, direct and appoint; and which said payment of one/billing and sixpencef on each fishing vessel as aforesaid, was to be applied by the said tru* flees, or any five of them, in the first place to pay such in* speftor or inspectoks of the fishing vessels, for his or their said service, and for the charges of a boat, such yearly film, as the said trustees, or any nine of them, /bould think was fit and reasonable for such fee*, vice and if any Jitrplus arose over and above, then to apply such furphts in the same manner as the surplus arising from the toUs and duties of the said recited act, were dir tiled to be applied: and it was thereby also further tnafttd, That the master, owner, chief officer9or mariner, who /bould have the care or conduct of any such ship, /loop, jmack, or other vessel or vc/ftls made use of for the catch* ing or importing of fish as aforesaid, /bould within three days after the arrival of such fishing/hip, /loop, smack, or other vessel or vessels at the Nore as aforesaid, truly report the time of such arrival to his Majestys said searcher or starchers at their office at Gravesend, or to the chief officer of his Majesty's customs there, who was thereby di+ refled and required to takenotice of and enter the same ina book to be kept for that purpose, and to give a certificate thereofto such ma/ler, owner, chief officer, or mariner belonging to tiesaidfishing ship, fioop, smack, or other vessel: and whereas the going to Gravesend, and the flopping the re to report to his Majesty's searchtr or starchers at their office at Graved end, or to the chief officer of his Majesty's customs there, the time of the arrival of every fishing ship, /loop, smack, or other vessel or vessels at the Nore, within the space of three days after such the arrival thereof at the Nore, hath been found inconvenient, and sometimes prejudicial, to the owners of such fishing ships, /loops, smacks, and vessels, as by flopping to male such report or entry there, fishing/hips^ /loops, smacks, and vessels, sometimes lofi the tide, and cannot get to Billingsgate market to fell their cargo of fish there, until the next day's market; and the great penalties the owners of such vessels are, by the said herein before recited act made in the said twenty ninth year if his present Majesty's reign, liable to in case of the neglect or omission of the ma/ler or other persons, who hath the conduit of the fishing ship, /hop, smack, or other fishing vessel (and in general is only fexvant to the owner or owners thereof) to make such report at Gravesend, as by the said herein before recited act is directed; and the not giving a power to appeal where the parties informed against deem themselves aggrieved by the conviction of a jufiicejf peace, tend to the discourage* Went of the owners of such fishing vessels, who are at a confmerabU expence to fit out such veffils to catch fish at sea; for remedy there* fore in the premisses, may it please your most excellent Maje* fty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 2^. 63

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That $0 much of from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand the recited seven hundred and sixty, so much of the said recited act made of 19 in the said twenty ninth year of his said present Majesty's reign, 1* as obliges the fishermen and others, mailers or owners, or hair- merfto enter* ing the conduct of any fishing ship, (loop, smack, or fishing vef-.and report fel, to enter their ship, smack, (loop, or other fishing vessel, their vessels with his Majesty's searcher or searchers at Gravesend; and to the "lthhe payment to such searcher or searchers thereof the sum of two Gravesend shillings for the certificate of such entry; and also to report the&c. repealed.'time of the arrival of such fishing ship, (loop, smack, or other fishing vessel or vessels at the Nore9 as aforesaid, to his Majesty's laid searcher or searchers at their office at Gravesend, or to the chief officer of his Majesty's customs there, shall be and is here* by repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That And such re- from and after the said twenty fourth day of June9 the master, own- port, for the er, chief officer, or mariner, who shall have the care or conduct* future, to be of any such fishing ship, (loop, smack, or other vessel or vessels made use of for the catching or importing of fish as aforesaid, ^arrfvalof shall, within three days after the arrival of any such fishing ship, every vessel (loop, smack, or other vessel or vessels at the Nore9 as aforesaid, with fish at with any such fish, truly report the time of such arrival of every ^ore, jo such fishing ship, (loop, smack, or other vessel, to the person who, £oaft offer the time being, shall act as deputed clerk in the coall office, fice, London, under the collector outward in the port of London, at the Custom*

Hottfe in London, who is hereby directed and required to take no- who is to make tice thereof, and to enter the same in a book to be by him pro-an entry, and vided and kept for that purpose 5 and also to give a'certificate there- g1*11* ? certl; of, if required, to such mailer, chief officer, or mariner, who shallhcate crco*make any such entry as aforesaid; and that there shall be paid to sech said person, who, for the time being, shall adlas deputed clerk at the said coall office under the collector outward in the said port of London, for receiving and entering every such report, and giving a certificate thereof, if required, the sum of two fhil- for whichs. Kngs, which shall be applied in manner following; that is to is to be paid; say; The sum of six pence, part thereof, shall be kept and re-6j. thereof to tained by and for the use of such person who, for the time being, go to the shall act as such deputed clerk at the said coall office, under the clerk; and laid collector outward, for receiving and entering every such report, and giving a certificate thereof, if required; and the sum vs. 6d- to the? of on© shilling and six pence, the remainder thereof, shall from trusteesof the time to time be paid by such said deputed clerk to the trustees of at the said fish market in Westminster for the time being, or such ster. person or persons as the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, by writing for that purpose under their hands, di-red or appoint; add the receipt of such person or persons as the 1

iaid trustees, or any five of them, shall, from time to time, di-red <sr appoint to receive the remainder of every such two tbil* lings, shall be and is hereby declared to be^ at all times, a full discharge to such said deputed clerk at the said coast office, snwder

64 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 27: [i

der the collector outward, for the same: and the money which shall be received by any such person or persons shall, from to be applied time to time, be applied by the said trustees, or any five of to uses and purposes as the money, by the said

r*herein before recited act to be paid them by the said searcher or searchers at Gratoeftnd, Was thereby directed to be applied.

The mailer, M* And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That &c.negleaing if the mailer, chief officer, or mariner, who shall have the care or to make such conduct of any such fishing ship, (loop, smack, or other fishing entry, forfeits, vessel or vessels, shall not, within the space of three days next "Sft, the arrival of such fishing ship, floop, fmaek, or other vessel or vessels* at the Noret as aforesaid, enter, or cause to be entered, every such fishing ship, (loop, Attack, or other fishing vessel or vefleis, with such said deputed clerk as aforesaid, at the said coast office, under the said collector outward, then, in every such case, on information being given thereof on oath before any justice of the counties of Kent, Surrey % EJJix, or Atiddlifexj or of the cities of London or Westminster, or before the mayor, v, recorder* or aldermen acting, for the time seeing, as magistratesr within the towns of ShteeriboroUgk and Gritvefend, or before the mayor, recorder, or aldermen, of any other corporate town between the said towns of Queenborough and Gravesend, and thef said city of Westminster, an3 ort such mailer or other person asr aforesaid, who shall have the care or conduct of any such fishing ship, floop, smack* or other fishing vessel of vefleis, as aforesaid, being convicted of having neglected or omitted to make suchr entry as aforesaid, either on his own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness* before any such justice or justices, the owner or owners, of every such fishing ship, (loop, ' smack, or other fishing vessel or vessels as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, and if he re-

IV. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That fufetor neg- every master, owner* chief officer* or mariner, who shall have jc^s to give the care or condu<$t of any such fishing ship, floop, smack, or time 'a* ar^ ot^er as aforesaid, shall also, at the time of his making, -

ticular and T" or causing to be made, at the said coast office, the report hereby true account required to be made by him, give to* and leave with the said of the several person who, for the time being, shall act as the deputed clerk at brou ht alive coa^ °ce> unc*erhe kid colle<ftof outward* a true and

to the Nore,* particular account, according to the best of the judgment and in his vessel, belief of every such matter, owner, chief officer, or mariner, as aforesaid, and either in writing or printed, of all firefh salmon* salmon trouts, turbots, and large fresh cod, and half fresh cod fifty, haddock, fcate fish, fresh ling, lobsters, foies, and whitings, which shall be brought alive to the Nore in every such, fishing ship, floop, smack, or other fishing vessel, as aforesaid, upon he forfeits 20l. pain that the owner or owners of every such fishing floop, Attack* or other fishing vessel or vessels, whose matter, owner, chief officer, or mariner, as aforesaid, shall refuse, neglect, or omit, to give or leave such account, or who shall give or leave any false or untrue account thereof, shall, on any such matter, owner* chief

-offi-

17^0.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 27. 65

officer, or mariner, as aforesaid, being convicted of anjr such offence, either on his own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness of witnesses* before any such justice or justices as aforesaid, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the and if after sum of twenty pounds; or it any such master, owner, chief of- arrival,

ficer, or mariner, who shall have the care or conduct of any such deilrov

fishing ship, floop, smack, or other vessel, or any other person on or throwT-board such tishing ship, floop, smack, or other vessel, after her way anvof arrival at the Nore, shall wilfully destroy, or throw or cast away, the said fill, or cause to be wilfully destroyed, or thrown or cast away, any n?1un* fish which the said fishing ship, fldop, smack, or fishing vessel, nmarkeu-° shall have brought from the sea that is not unwholesome, perish- ble, &c. ed, or unmarketable, such master, chief owner, officer, or ma- be is liable to riner, shall be committed to the house of correction, there to {jthe^Qufe remain without bail or mainprize, and to be kept to hard labour, Df correction, for any time not exceeding two months, nor less than one and kept to'month. hard labour

for any time not exceeding*months, nor lef* than one.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Method of all the above mentioned forfeitures shall be levied by warrant recovery of under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of any justice or efe]5ltu^c, justices of the peace as aforesaid, by distress and sale of the goods a °fC

and chattels of the owner or owners of the fishing ship, floop, smack, or other vessel, whose master, chief officer, or mariner, as aforesaid, shall be convicted of any such offence as aforesaid, by any such justice or justices as aforesaid, or by distress and sale of the fishing ship, floop, smack, or other tiftiing vessel or vessels, whose master, chief officer, or mariner, as aforesaid, shall have been convicted of any such offence as aforesaid, or of any nets, tackle, or furniture, as shall belong to any speh fishing ship, (loop, (mack, or other fishing vessel or vefleis, together with the costs of every such distress and sale; rendering the overplus, if any, after the money forfeited, and the costs of every such distress and sale, shall be paid, to the person or persons intitled thereto.

VI. And be it likewise enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the person for the time being who shall act as deputed ot°

clerk at the said coast office, under the said collector outward, ffce is to re-fha!, from time to time, receive at the said coast office evqry ceive and report which shall be there made, or offered to be made, of the n'.ak ?ntrY time of the arrival of every such fishing ship, floop, smack, or repomor other vessel or vessels as aforesaid, at the Nore, and enter the arrivals, same in a book to be by him provided and kept for that purpose;

and shall also, from time to time, receive at the said coast office every account which shall, from time to time, be brought, or offered to be made there, of the fresh faltnon, salmon trout, turbot, and large fresh cod, and half fresh cod fish, haddock, fcate fish, fresh ling, lobsters, foies, and whitings as aforesaid, which shall be brought in any such fishing ship, (loop, smack, or other fishing vessel as aforesaid, to the Nere; and shall also, from anj accounts time to time, with all convenient speed after any such account given in of fiib, of fish as aforesaid shall be brought to the said coast office, cause on board such Vol. XXIII..F the vessel*i

66 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 27. [1760.

and the book* the same, or the purport thereof, to be entered In same book to in which such^provided by the said person who, for the time being, shall be made[C ° act as deputed clerk at the said coast office, under the said are to be kept collector outward, for that purpose; and which book and books at the coast shall, from time to time, be kept at the said coast office, and

office, and may^at ass times m office hours there, examined into, and

minedebyX^y.

person;

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

and is to make That from and after the said twenty fourth day ot Jwse9 the [eturP! w*ck' person who, for the time being, shall act as such deputed clerk WednesdaysJ* at the kid coa^ °cc as aforesaid, under the said collector out-and Fridays! ward, shall, on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday in every week, to the mayor return, or cause to be returned unto the mayor of the city of

of London, London for the time being, in London; and to such person as the

fbn who ffiaT^trustees of the said fish market at Westminster, or any five of be appointed them, shall appoint, in the city of Westminster; and likewise to by the trustees the inspector as aforesaid, at such place as the said trustees, or for the fish any five of them, shall, by any writing signed by them, appoint Westmin fie r tllc ^arac to be ^ent to inspector, and give notice thereof, and also to the to the persons who for the time being shall act as deputed clerk inspector, at the said coast office as aforesaid; a true account in writing, or printed, and in a fair and legible ebarafter, of the time when every respective fishing ship, (loop, smack, or other fishing vessel tries andre-H" as aforesaid, shall have been entered at the said coast office as ports as afore- having arrived at the Non; and also of the fresh salmon, salmon'laid. trout, turbot, large fire(h cod, and half fresh cod fish, haddock,

fcate fish, fresh ling, lobsters, foies, and whitings as aforesaid, which shall have been entered at the said coast office as brought to the Non in such respective fiftiing ship, (loop, smack, or other fishing vessel as aforesaid, upon pain that the person who, for the time being, shall act as such deputed clerk at the said coast office as aforesaid, under the said collector outward, shall in any wise offend in the premises, and be thereof convicted, either on on forfeiture his own confession, or by the oath of one or more witness or of 51- for eve. witnesses, before any justice orjusticesas aforesaid, shall, for

Su or neglect cvcrY °^ence> negkft, or omission, forfeit and pay the sum g*of five pounds. m firti r

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, its arrival at* That no ^ve salmon, 1 salmon trout, turbot, large frefncod, half the Nore, is to fresh cod, haddock, fcate, fresh ling, foies, or whitings, shall at be removed any time after the arrival thereof at the Non as aforesaid, be out of the vef- pUt imo any well boat or (lore boat from or out of any suchfish-e in w ic ing j]00p9 smack, or other fishing vessel or vessels as aforesaid, in which the same shall have been brought to the Non9 upon pain that every person who shall offend in the premisses, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds; and that no such fish shall be unloaded or delivered out of any fishing ship, (loop, smack, or other fishing vessel or vessels, unless by retail, into any other vessel or boat after such her arrival at the Non9 but into such vessel or vessels, boat or boats, as shall be employed to carry the fish directly to the market of

Bit-

6

was brought, into the store or well boat of any other vessel, on pe. toalty of 20l. nor may any fish be delivered out of such fishing vessels, unless by retail, in-

17^o.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 27. By

BiFingfgate or Westminster\ and that no such vessel or boat, af- to other veffor such fish put therein, shall afterwards loiter or keep from go- cm*

ing, on directly, and as soon as may be, to and for the market p|0yed to car-to which such vessel or boat is appointed or bound; and in case ry the fish dir such vessel or boat, into which such fish shall be unloaded and redly to mar-delivered out for the market, shall remain above one tide with market her fish, after taking in the same, in her way between the place vessels shall of such taking in and the market at Billingsgate or Westminster as loiter on their aforesaid; or shall remain without delivering her fish there at or or bea^ before the next market, accidents of winds and weather excepted, ^ukinc ia every such person acting contrary to the said prohibitions, shall their loacting, he committed to the house of correction, there to remain with- in arriving at put bail or mainprize, and to be kept to hard labour for any time th* market, not exceeding two months, nor less than one month. her there*

the offender'is to be committed to hard labour for anytime not exceeding % months, nor less than t.

IX. And be it further enacted by authority aforesaid, That The inspector the inspector already appointed, and who shall hereafter be ap- is to examintf pointed under the said recited a#, shall from time to time cm* whether the ploy himself as the said trustees shall from time to time direct and appoint, in inspeding and examining whether the entries 7

amde at the said coast office as hereby directed (and whereof copies as aforesaid shall be transmitted to him) were made from due to time, within the time the same ought to have been, and according to the account which shall from time to time be transmitted from the said coast office to such inspector, foas that such inspector for the time being may the better discover and prevent the frauds designed to be remedied by the said recited act, and an(J f^this present act* and fee that no fish shall be put in any (lore or bc put well boats contrary to the intent of this act; and if any such in- in any itore spedor shall be negligent in the performance of his duty, or or well boats shall wilfully misbehave himself in the execution of his duty in contralto the preroiffes, he shall, on being convicted of any such neglect act*nto* or wilful mi(bchavk>ur, either on his own confession, or the oath on forfeiture, of one or more credible witness or witnesses as aforesaid, for any neg before any justice orjuftipes as aforesaid, forfeit and pay for, c* or w!, f^ every such neglect or wilful misbehaviour the sum of twenty of 2o^, aV, OU^,

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^y buy^y That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, no fresh n(h to be person who shall fell, or be concerned in the sale of any fresh fish fold again, ia by commission, shall directly or indirectly buy or be concerned ^bichhc is to in the buying of any fresh fish to fell again for his or her own fe- interested/* parate account, or for the joint account of him or herself and any other person or persons whatsoever: and if any person shall offend, in the premisses, and be thereof convicted either on his or her own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible wit-pefs or witnesses, by any such justice or justices as aforesaid, on forfeiture every such offender shall forfeit and pay for every such offence of the sum of fifty pounds.

XI. And whereas by an act of parliament passed in the fir/} year of Clause in ad Majesty King George the First> intituled An act* >.

the reign of hi/ late

ad

>ogk

Bret, turbot, trill or pearl, may be brought to market, tho* under the di-

Anno tneesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 27; [1769.

act for the better preventing fresh fish taken by foreigners imported into this kingdom; and for the preservation of theiry of fish; and for the giving leave to import Iqbfters and iurhots in foreign bottoms; and for the better preservation of falnaoa within the several rivers of that part of this kingdom called England; it is', amon^fl other things, enacted, That after the time in thf [said act mentioned^ no person Should bring to Shore in that part of Great Britain called England, or fell, offer, or expose to sale, or exchange for any goods, matter, or thing, any bret or turbot which Should not be of the length or size of sixteen inches from the eyes to the utmost extent of the tail; or any brill or pearl, which Should not be fourteen inches from the eyes to the utmost extent of the tail, under the penalties therein mentioned: and whereas bret or turbot, brill or pearl, are often taken in the sea with an hook, under the several dimtnfions in the fold last in part recited act mentioned, and if thrown again into the sea, it is uncertain whether such thereof as nave swallowed the booh, will afterwards live, or not 5 be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, bret or turbot, brill or pearl, although under the respective dimensions mentioned in the said clause of the said last recited adk, may be exposed to sale in England, any thing contained in the said last recited adk to the contrary notwithstanding, so as the same be not by any person or persons, at any time

inchc0nS °^'I^a^ter twenty day of June, sold by retail, at a pnee

e^by^he^re-" or rate exceeding six pence a pound for every pound any such cited clause, bret or turbot under the said dimensions of sixteen inches from lb as the same the eyes thereof to the utmost extent of the tail thereof, or any be (°, cl such brill or pearl under the dimension of fourteen inches from Semper lb.VC l^e eyes hereof to the utmost extent of the tail thereof, shall weigh, and after that proportion for any lesser weight than a If any greater P°unc*: an<* ifnY Person shall alk, demand, or take, for any price shall be such bret, turbot, brill or pearl, under the respective dimensions as aforesaid, any higher or greater price than at and after the rate of six pence the pound, and so in proportion for any lesser weight thereof than a pound, which any such bret or turbot, brill or pearl, shall weigh; or shall refuse or neglect to weigh and measure any such bret or turbofc brill or pearl, which shall be exposed to or for sale, when required; every such bret or turbot, brill or pearl, shall be forfeited: and it shall be lawful for any person to seize any such bret or turbot, brill or pearl, and deliver the same into the bands of a constable, and to charge be carriedf7o- such constable with the party who asked, demanded, or topk, gc-ther with any greater or higher price than as aforesaid for the feme5 and every such constable is hereby required to carry the party so charged, and also the bret or turbot, brill or pearl, which mall be so seised and delivered to him, with all convenient speed before some justice or justices of the peace, within whose jurisdiction any higher price than as aforesaid was asked, demanded, or taken, for any such bret or turbot, brill or oearl, which shall have been so seised: and if the person who shall be charged with any such offence, shall be convicted thereof, either on his or her

con-

demanded or taken,

or such fish shall not be weighed or measured, if required, the same may be seized, and the party, before a justice,

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 27. 69

confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or and the of-#rtneffds, by any such justice or justices as aforesaid, every such fender, ujwm offender shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings for to forfeit 20s! every such offence, and the bret or turbot, brill or pearl, which shall have been so seised as aforesaid, shall, by order of such justice or justices, be given to the person or persons who shall prosecute to conviction any such offender or offenders; and the and the money money paid for any such bret or turbot, brill or pearl, shall be {?aid for the returned to the party or parties who paid the same. turned.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, no per- No frcflL son shall fell, or expose to or for sale, at the first hand, at any hand

fish market within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or at the market, within one hundred and fifty yards of any such fish market, and or within a during the market hours of any such fish market, any fresh salmon, certain di-Talmdn trout, turbot, large fresh cod fish, or half fresh cod fish, n^Vm^rket 'haddock, fcate fish, fresh ling, lobsters, foies, or whitings, be- hoursf fore he or she shall have first placed up, or caused to be placed before a parti-up, in some conspicuous manner, on or over the form, bench, cular apeouj^t stall, or place, at which he or she shall offer or expose to or for Tale, any such fresh salmon, salmon trout, turbot, large fresh fortg Of £(h be cod fish/or half fresh cod, haddock, fcate fish, fresh ling, lobsters, placed over the foies, or whitings, a true account, and in a large, fair, and Kali or place legible character, and either wrote or printed, of all fresh fal- whe, rCuhe(?u? 'mbn, salmon trout, turbot, and large fresh cod, and half fresh aie 0 c'cod fish, haddock, fcate fish, fresh ling, lobsters, foies, or whit-'ings, which any such person shall then have, or have been intruded with, to fell; distinguishing in every such account, the several forts of all such fresh salmon, salmon trout, large fresh cod, and half fresh cod fish, haddock, fcate fish; fresh ling, lobsters, foies, or whitings as aforesaid, and the quantity of every Tort thereof respectively, which any such person shall then have, or is then intruded with, to fell: and if at any time of the morning or dav, m which any such account shall have been so and all fudi placed up, and before the fish market of that day shall be ended other fish as or over, any other fresh salmon, or salmon trout, large fresh cod J1311 b* fish, or half fresh cod fish, haddock, fcate fish, fresh ling, lob- fJ°UbJforethe fters, foies, or whitings, shall be brought to, or be intruded marketis ovsr, with, any such salesman or factor as aforesaid, to fell, every such are to be ad-salesman or factor, before he or she shall fell, or offer or expose ded to the ac* to or for sale, any of such other fresh salmon, salmon trout, count* turbot, large fresh cod, or half fresh cod fish, haddock, fixate fish, fresh ling, lobsters, foies, or whitings as aforesaid, shall add a true account or particular thereof to the account so before put up: and shall take care that every such account and accounts and the ac-which shall be so put up. shall continue up where the count kept up same shall have been first placed, until all the fish specified undefaced till therein shall be sold, or the fish market of the day on ^rk\eti°rover which the same shall be so placed up shall be over or ended, without being defaced or obliterated; upon pain that every one who shall in any wise offend in the premises, or who shall wil.

on forfeiture of iol. for offending in any of the premises, except for pulling down, or defacing, any such account, for which the forfeiture is 40a.

All spawn, fry, or brood of fish.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. Cfay.

fully take down, deface, er obliterate, any account which shall be placed up as aforesaid, during the ticnethe fameought to cmk- tinue up, and shall be convicted of any such offence (other than and except the taking down, defacing, or obliterating such account, which shall be placed up as aforesaid) on his, her, or their own confessian, or by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, before any such justice or justices as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; and that every person who shall be coavicted in manner as aforesaid, of taking down, wilfully defacing, or.obliterating, or causing to be taken down, defaced, or obliterated, aoy such account placed upas aforesaid, at any time whilst the same ought to have continued up, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings.

XIII. And for the better preservation of the jpawn, brood? and fey offjh % and for preventing the Jole offmalland unfizeable fish, andfish out of season? be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall, at any time after the said twenty fourth d*y of June, take, kill, or destroy, or knqwingly have in his or her possession, either on the water or on (here, or shall bring to ffiorc, or cry, carry about, fell, offer, or expose, to orforsale, or shall exchange for any goods, matter, or thing, any spawn, fry, or unfizeable fish brood of fish, or any unfizeable fish, or any fish out of season, or fish out of sea- any smelt which shall not be full five inches in length, from the ion, or fmeltsnofe to the utmost extent of the tail thereof; and if any one ch^Tf nm m premisses, it shall be lawful for any other

which°(hail be person or persons, under the authority of this act, to take and found in any seize all or any such spawn, fry, or brood of fish, or any unfizea-person's pof- ble fish, or any fish out of season, or any smelt of less size than fcff °be r t d vcnc^es ^rom t*le n°k to t^ie extent of the tail thereof,

together^ith wherever the same shall be found, together with all baskets and the offender, package in which the same shall be ib found or taken, and al(q to charge a constable, or other peace officer, with every such offender and offenders in the premisses; and after every such feizufe shall be made, the spawn, fry, or brood, or otherfish, as aforesaid, together with the baskets and package in which the same shall be lb seised, shall be delivered into the hands of some constable, or other peace officer; and every such constable, or other peace officer, is hereby authorised and required to take every such offender and offenders, with whom he shall be so charged for any such said offence, into his custody, and also the spawn, fry, or brood of fish, and all unfizeable fish, and fish out of season, and all unfizeable fmeks, and all baskets and package in which the same shall be so seized, and which shall be delivered to such constable, or other peace officer, as aforesaid, tobe taken be-and to carry every such offender and offenders, and all such tore a justice,) spawn, fry, or brood of fish, and all unfizeable fish, and, fish out of season, and all unfizeable fmelts, together with the baskets and package as aforesaid, which shall have been deliveredlo any such constable, or other peace officer, with all convenient speed, before some justice or justices as aforesaid, for such offender and offenders, to be dealt with according to law; and on the

con-

2nd be delivered over to a constable.

to be dealt with according to law j

176°.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 47. yi

con vision of any such offender or offenders, for any such saidnd oik con-

offence, before any such justice or indices as aforesaid, every such offender and offenders shall forfeit all and every such spawn, fci^aUfuch'

fry, or brood of fish, unfizeable fish, and fish out of season, and (pawn and every smelt and fmelts of less size than five inches from the nofenfh, See. to

to the utmost extent of the tail thereof, which shall be so seised, the Prosecutor*

together with all baskets or package in which the same shall be

so seised, and all such spawn, fry, or brood of fish, unfizeable

fish* and fish out of season, and unfizeable finelts, together with such baskets and package in which the same shall have been so

seised as aforesaid, shall, by order of the justice or justices before

whom the same shall be so brought, be delivered to the person or persons who shall have so seised the same, and shall prosecute

to conviction any such offender or offenders; and every offender

*nd offenders in the premisses who shall be convicted as aforesaid,

of any such offence, shall besides forfeit and pay, for every such and is to pay

offence, the sum of twenty shillings. moreover aos.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the under water bailiff of the city of London for the time Theunderwa-being, and also the officers of the city of London for the time ter bailiff, and being, commonly called The yeomen of the waterside % shall, from ycon^" of the and after the said twenty fourth day of June, from time to time, ^that the° take care to fee that the provisions hereby made concerning the provisions of sale of fresh fish in the fish market at Billingsgate, and for punish- this act coning persons who shall have there in his or their possession, any cerning the spawn, brood, or fry, of any kind of fish, or any unfizeable fish, Billin r

or any fish out of season, or any smelt of less size than five inches anVpuL

from the nose to the utmost extenc of the tail thereof, shall be nishment of enforced and carried into execution; and shall also, from time persons having time, take care that the provisions made by a Statute passed in the J^ble°fi0in' ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, (intitu- &c in their led, An act for the better preservation and improvement of the fishery poflection, within the river of Thames; and for regulating and governing the be carried in-eompany offishermen of the said river) against regrating of fish in and at the market of Billingsgate, or within one hundred and^9 Ann*C fifty yards of Billingsgate dock, be ftriCHy observed; and to lay against re-information, from time to time, before same justice or justices of grating of fish the peace of the said city of London, against every person and per-in th £a, <* fons whom the said under bailiff, or any yeoman of the waterside ^observed 5 for the time being, shall at any time find or discover to offend and lay infor-against the Statute, in order that every such offender may be pu- mation before ntshed as by the said last mentioned Statute is directed: and thata proper ma- from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, the person 1

persons for the time being, who is or shall be appointed by thegainst the said trustees aforesaid to supervise the fish market of the city of West- Statute; fmnjler, shall take care to fee, from time to time, that the pro-an^ thefuper* visions hereby made concerning the sale of fresh fish in the fish Hmket at Westminster, and for punishing persons who shall have Westminster is there in his, her, or their possession, any spawn, brood, or fry, to take care, in of aijy kind of fish, or any unfizeable fish, or any fish out of^manner, season, or any smelt* of leis size than five inches frQm the nose

F 4* tQbedulyc*ecut*

r

ji Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. coty* [f76bva

ted andobfcr-to the utmost extent of the tail thereof, so*tt'be'ctrfoTcedw4 vedtbfirei carried into execution: and if the under water bailiff or dnjo yeoman of the waterside of the said city of London^ for the time being, or the person or persons appointed, or to be appointed* as aforesaid, to fupcrvife the said market of the citf of fVifta

minster, or any of them, shall at any time be negligent, or fend in the premises, and shall becotivicted of any filth ftegtebt on penalty of or offenw, either on his own confession, or by the oath of one their or more credible witness or witness, before any justice or ju*

in& ifoMmy*ftices of the peace within whose juri(di6hon any such neglect or negiett or o- offence shall be committed, every such offender shall, for every mission f their such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, duty 5l.

XV. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Recovery and That any justice or justice of the peaceas aforesaid, withm hia application of or, their respective jurisdiction, shall, on application to him of thefor tenures. that purpose made, grant his or their warrant under hit

hand, and seal, or their hands and seals, to levy any money which shall be forfeited by virtue of this act, on the conviction of any offender or offenders, by distress and sale of the goods and*; chattels ofthcperson or persons who shall be convicted of airy ofc

fence against this act, together with the costs of every such distress and sale (except in the cases herein before particularly provided to charge the owners of such fishing ship, (loop; ftnack, or other fidiing vessel or vessels) and that one moiety of all the money which shall be forfeited for any offence committed against this a A (the application whereof is not herein before particularly ap-i' propriated) shall, when recovered, go and be paid to the perform or persons who shall prosecute to conviction any such offender or offenders; and the other moiety thereof, except where the> -conviction shall be for anyoffence committed in thecitv of Westminster, or for not making the entry at the said coast office of the time of the arrival of any such fiftiing ship, (loop, ftnack, or fibbing vessel, at the Nore as aforesaid, shall go, and be paid to and for the use of the poor of the parish in which any such offence shall be committed: and where any conviction shall be for any offence committed in the city of Westminster, or for not report* ing, as herein before is directed, the time of the arrival of any such fishing ship, (loop, smack, or vessel, at the said coast office; as aforesaid, the said other moiety of the money which shall be forfeited on any such conviction, shall go and be $>aid to the trustees appointed to put the said recited acts in execution, to be placed by them, or any five or more of them, or their order, to the general account of surplus of profits arising from the said fish market in Westminster, and to be appropriated as the said forphas in the said act, in the said twenty second year of his prefect Ma-For want of jesty's reign, is directed: and if sufficient distress at any time sufficient di- cannot be found, where from the money which shall be forfeited firefs whereon by any offender or offenders against this act can be levied on his, forfeitureJ the ^er7 or their goods and chattels, then, and m any such case, offender is to every such offender and offenders shall, by warrant under the he committed, hand and seal, ox hands and seals, of one*or more such justice or and kept to ju,

Ljrffa] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 27. 73

jaftkeadirc&od to fane peace officer, be apprehended, if he, she,*rd labour, or (they can be found, and be committed to some house of cor- fwany rrtftion Of the county; city, or place, w here any such offender shall " m^ths#

\$. apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for 3 aity time not exceeding three months, as an/ such justice or ju-fttces shall order, unless the money which shall be forfeited by ii^ offender or offenders shall be fboner paid.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Limitation of person shall be punished for any offence against this act, unless a Prosecution#. prosecution shall be commenced against him for the same within two months after every such offence shall be committed, or who shall have been punished for any such offence under any other law; and that where any person shall be committed to any house of cofredion for default of payment, or for want of sufficient di-strefe being met with to answer any penalty incurred by any offence against this act, and shall remain there during the time for which he, she, or they, shall be so committed, no such person shall be liable afterwards to be prosecuted again for nonpayment of such money forfeited 5 and that any person who shall inhabit inhabitants ire any parish in which any offence against this act shall be com- deemed com? mined, shall, notwithstanding such inhabitancy, be allowed and P*: "* admitted to be a competent witness.c cs.

XVII. Provided also, and be it likewise enacted by the authorityafore(aid, That any justice or justices of the peace before whom

any offender shall be brought and convicted of any offence against ties. this, ad, shall and may, from time to time, as he or they shall see occasion, mitigate any of the penalties under the sum of five pounds hereby innided, so as such mitigation doth not at any time extend to remit above one half of the penalty inflicted for any offence committed against this act; and every such mitigation shall be a sufficient discharge to the person offending, for fa much of the penalty under t he sum of five pounds as shall be so mitigated.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, -

That the justice 01* justices before whom any person shall be Con"

convicted by virtue of this act, shall cause fuen respective conviction to be drawn up in the form, or to the effect following, that is to lay.

To Wit R lt remembered^ That on this_k'JD day of in the year of the reign of A. B is convictei before

ri;of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the

ceufity of or city of or corpo.

ratifih of) (as the case shall happen to be) for

and do adjudge hint) hery or them the case shall be) to pay and forfeit the sum of

Given under our hands and seals (or my band and feat) the day and year abovesaid.

74 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 47. [1760.

Appeal may

XIX. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That it th to any person or persons who shall think him,

raf or quarter ber* or themselves aggrieved by the conviction of any justice or session, justices of the peace for any offence committed against this act, or the said recited act of the twenty ninth year of his said pre-fern Majesty's reign, to appeal to the next general or quarter fcf-Coa to be holden for the county, city, or place, in which any such obnviction shall have been made; the person or persons so entering into aPPea*ng, first entering into a recognizance in double the sum of a recogni- money forfeited, before such justice or justices, to prosecute such ance, and appeal with effect, and abide by the order or orders which shall giving due nor^made on such appeal; and giving eight days notice in writing locatorC Pr°' cvcry fu°h intention to appeal, to the party or parties on whole

prosecution any such conviction was made; and the justices of the county, city, or place, in which any such conviction shall and the justi- have been made, are hereby authorized and required in their ces at the said next general or quarter session after any such appeal shall be ^mhoriwd t ma^c> to kear a°d determine the matter of every such appeal, fcarand'de-0 an^ to make such order, and toaward such costs and damages, as tertninethe to them in their discretion shall seem reasonable; and to levy, matter of such by their order or warrant, the costs which shall be so awarded, appeal, &c. together with such money as they shall adjudge to be forfeited, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of any person who shall refuse to pay the same; and for want of sufficient distress, to commit the party or parties to the common gaol or prifdhuf the county, city, or place, in which he, she, or they, shall be apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the space of six months, unless the money which shall be adjudged to be forfeited, as well as the costs ordered to be paid, shall be sooner paid; and such order of any such justices at their general or quarter sessions, shall be final; and no proceedings der tobefin l\.an? Ju^ccs out of session, or in their said general or quar-

°*ter session, in pursuance of this act, shall be removeable by car-tiorari, or otherwise.

XX. Provided likewise, and be it also enradted by the au-JLimitatkm of thority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced addons. against any person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, every such addon or suit shall be brought within six months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the county, city, or place, in which such offence shall be committed, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in every such action or suit so to be General issue. brought, shall and may plead the general ifisue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, or that such action or suit shall be brought after the time limited for bringing the same vas aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants: and upon such verdict; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared

?7£q.v] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 75

or upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the

plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall be paid treble costs, and have such remedy for recovery of the same, as Treble costs, any defendant or defendants hath or may have, in any case, to recover his, her, or their coils by law.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for encouraging the exportation of rum and spirits of the growth, produce, and manufacture, of the British fu- gar plantations, from this kingdom, of British spirits made from tnelajfes. [Check spelling of molasses; refer to contents]

[Preamble.]

FOR encouraging the exportation of rum and spirits of the

growth; produce, and manufacture, of the British sugar plantations in America, from this kingdom, as merchandize, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au- f

thority of the same, That from and after the sixteenth day of The duties of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, upon the expor- cpj*°ro W* ration of rum or spirits of the growth, produce, and manufac-lure, of the British sugar plantations in America, from this king- of rum and dom, as merchandize, there shall be, instead and in lieu of spirits from all former drawbacks and allowances out of the duties of custom, t"c fh* a drawback, or an allowance of all the duties of ctlftom payable fjonsPmbe"re-upon the importation of such rum or spirits; and which draw- paid upon the back or allowance shall be made in such manner, and under such exportation rules, regulations, penalties and forfeitures, as any drawback or thereof; allowance, payable out of the duties of customs upon the exportation of such rum or spirits, was, could, or might, be made before the passing of this act.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and the du* from and after the said sixteenth day of June, one thousand seven ties ot excise hundred and sixty, all rum and spirits of the growth, produce, to* and manufacture, of the British sugar plantations in America y fu^hasfhaUbe which shall, before the payment of the duties of excise charged exported be-upon the importation thereof, be exported as merchandize, un- fore payment der the rules, restrictions, and regulations, herein after establish- the

ed and referred to, from any warehouse or warehouses in which said dutl* such rum or spirits hath been, or shall be, lodged or deposited, by virtue and in pursuance of an act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to impower the importers or proprietors of rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations, to land, the same before payment of the duties of excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in warehouses at their own expence y and for the relief of Ralph Barrow, in respect to the duty on some rock salty loji by the overflowing of the rivers Weaver and Dane; shall be freed and discharged from all duties of excise, in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

be*

Upon producing a certificate of such bond having been given, the rum or spirits men-

76 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. it. (i7'6d.

Exporter to before any such ram <?r spirits (half be delivered out of any ware-give bond forhouse, as aforesaid, for exportation, the person or persons in-thedueexpor- tending to export such rum or spirits, shall give bond, with fuf-tationthereof, ficient security, to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, to be approved of by the respective commissioners of excise in England'v and Scotland for the time being, or any three of them,

or by such person or persons as they shall, from time to time,

appoint for that purpose, in double the value of the goods and

1, the duties of excise payable thereon, that such rum and spirrtV, and every part thereof, shall (the dangers of the seas and enemies excepted) be really and truly exported as merchandize to, and landed in, such ports or places beyond the seas, as shall be specified in such bonds; and that the lame shall not be exported or carried to any other place or country whatsoever, nor re-landed in any part of Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, v 'strfey* Alderney, Sark, or Man, or either of them.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the rum and spirits lodged or deposited in such warehouse or warehouses as aforesaid, shall and may, from time to time, be delivered out of such warehouse or warehouses for exportation, and upon the exporter or exporters, or some person or persons on his, her, or their behalf, producing to the keeper or keepers of tioned therein such respective warehouse or warehouses, and to the officer or veredou °cers appointed by the commissioners of excise respectively to the warc-° atten<^ 'be same, a certificate or certificates from the respective Routes, commissioners of excise, or any one of them, or such person or persons.as they shall appoint to take such bond and security, as aforesaid, certifying that such bond and security hath been given,

the keeper or keepers of such warehouse or warehouses, and

officer or officers of excise attending the same, shall deliver so much rum or spirits, as shall be mentioned in every such certificate respectively, to be exported; and such respective keeper, or keepers of such warehouse or warehouses, and officer or of-

' ficers of excise, shall thereupon give to such exporter or exporters, or the person or persons employed to take care of the ai)d*ceruii* delivery of such rum or spirits, a certificate, specifying the quan-cate of the tity of the rum or spirits io delivered, the size or contents, and

9*a, u7* the marks of the cask or package in which such rum or spirits

of^he casks are contained, the quantity of rum or spirits contained in such lSsc. ta.be giv- cask or package on the landing thereof, the name or names of eji therewith, the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, of such rum pr spirits, and also certifying that the same are delivered oqt for exportation, and the day and particular time when, and to hPr°f!; UC*d whom, such delivery was made; which certificate shall be sign-J#tending the ^by such officer or officers of excise, and shall be produced to shipping? the officer of excise attending the shipping of such rum or spirits: Due entry to and the keeper or keepers or such warehouse or warehouses, and rC w !m*°^ the officer or officers appointed by the commissioners of excise to ipch e very, the fame> Hiall make such entries of the delivery of fu<; h

rum and spirits as by the said former act is cjire&eq to be made, with respetf to the rum and spirits delivered upon the payment of

?7

1y6q.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 28.

of the diittes; and no such warehouse keeper, or other person,

shall be subject to any penalty or forfeiture for making; any such delivery; any thing in the said former act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Bonds given upon oath being made before any two or more of the respective for the duties commissioners of excise, or two or more justices of the peace for vcJed°Up^, d on the county or place from whence any such rum or spirits are in- oath made* of tended to be exported, that the same are to be exported for mer- the intended chandize to be spent beyond the seas: and upon producing to exportation, the commissioners of excise respectively, or to their respective

officer or officers, having custody of the bonds given in pursuance of the said former act, for securing and paying the dudes of excise upon the importation of such rum or spirits, a certifi- and certificate under the hand or hands of the proper officer or officers of cates pro-the excise for the port or place where such rum or spirits were duced, See. of shipped, of the quantities so shipped, and that the same were quantltK proof spirits, and shipped in the presence of such officer or of- that^he* same fleers, and that ti.c same were accompanied with such certificate are proof fpU of the delivery from such warehouse or warehouses as aforesaid $ ritsi apd alffy and also upon delivery of such last mentioned certificate, such "Cejrc[j.verjr of, or person or persons respectively having the the^are* custody of such respective bonds, in case the whole quantity of hou/es,] rutn and spirits mentioned therein, shall be certified to be delivered and shipped as aforesaid, shall deliver up such bonds re- n*

spedHvely to the person or persons producing such respective cer- r.* u tificates; or in case only a part of the rum or spirits mentioned Ih^rum or in such bond shall be certified to be delivered and shipped, the spirits men-said of, or any person or persons respectively, shall tioned in the indorse on such bonds the quantity or quantities so delivered and shipped; and if at any future time or times, before the expira- livered and tion of the termstipulated in such bonds for the payment of such shipped, the duties shall have expired, the remaining part of the rum or quantity is to spirits mentioned therein, shall be certified as aforesaid to bede- ^n^nrjr?oa livered and shipped as merchandize for exportation, then such^t£e bonds respectively shall, in like manner, be delivered up to the is to be deli-person or persons producing such certificates, and the proprietors veredup.whtti and importers of such rum and spirrs shall be freed and discharged from the payment of all duties for or in respect of the ^]5fic^rto be importation thereof. delivered and

flipped; provided the same be before the time-ffipulated for payment of the duties.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- All rum and thority aforesaid, That the said drawback shall not be allowed, spirrs inti led nor shall the said bonds for securing the duties of excise be delivered up, or such indorsement as aforesaid made thereon, or the are to proprietors or importers be freed and discharged from the pay- portedincafiet ment of such duties of excise, for any rum or spirits which shall containlngnqt be expprted in any cask which shall contain less than one hun-rt, a41 loc* dred galions, or that shall be shipped on board anyveflel of less |nd°in VeflWi burthen than one hundred tons, or be exported from any port not less than not being the port of the importation of such rum or spirits. 100 tons bur-

upon the importation thereof;

78 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 28. 7^>.

The quantity

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority delivered out aforesaid, That the quantity ef rum and spirits so to be deliver-puted accord- e<* out ware^ou^ or warehouses, and to be exported, (haQ

ing to the be computed and allowed according to the gauge which shall be gauge taken taken at the time of landing the same, upon the importation thereof, in such manner as the duty of excise is by the said former act directed to be computed.

If af er deli

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, very amy shall That if any rum or spirits, after the delivery thereof from such be concealed, warehouse or warehouses as aforesaid for exportation, shall, be-ornotlhipped fore the shipping thereof, be lodged or deposited in any ware* within twelve house or other place, so as to be concealed from publick view or the calks an<*, nfpe<Tion > or shall not be shipped within the space of be opened, twelve hours after the delivery thereof; or if the cask or pack-or the same be age in which such rum or spirits are contained shall be wilfully reduced oral- opened, or any part of such rum or spirits taken thereout, or if riVyCorqualfty; t^c quality of such rum or spirits shall be changed or altered; in such ruin or each and every such case, all such rum or spirits, and the casks spirits are or packages containing the same, shall be forfeited, and may beorJ^d, K seized by any officer or officers of excise: and the person or per-Isuj b/putto ^ons w*10 ^all ^ave 8iven b°nd for the due exportation of such suit; ° rum or spirits, shall, upon proof of any such offence, be sub-unless the jedt to the penalty of such bond, and the same shall be put in of fu|t accordingly; unless the commissioners of excise, by whom forbear the or whose authority such bond shall have been taken, shall find £me. sufficient cause to forbear the same.

Bonds given

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for exporta- the bonds to be given by virtue of this act for the due and re-tien are not to gular exportation of such rum and spirits as merchandize, shall rill certificates not ^e^vercc^ UP or discharged until certificates shall be probe producwiof ^ucc<* the exportation to, and landing and disposal of such the due ex- rum or spirits at the ports or places mentioned in such bonds; portation and and proof made, upon oath, in relation thereto, in such man-landing, ner an(j form respectively, as is directed and required by an act madeMthereof mac^e in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for on oath, in preventing the exeejjive use of spirituous liquors, by laying additional manner re- duties thereon; for shortming the prohibition of making low wines "aa fol' by the and spirits from wheats barley, malt, or other grain, and from venthig^the tneal, flour, and bran, for encouraging the exportation of British exceflfive use made spirits, and for more effectually securing the duties payable up-ot spirituous on spirits, and preventing the fraudulent relanding or importation liquors, &c. thereof, with respect and in relation to the bonds to be taken by virtue of the said act upon the exportation as merchandize of.spirits drawn or made in Great Britain, from the materials in the the1 bonds for^a<^ mentioned and the condition of all the bonds to be exportation, taken by virtue of this act, shall be, to produce such certificates within such times respectively, as are limited by the said act made in this session of parliament, for producing the 'cCttificates therein required to be delivered: and all persons authorized by the said last mentioned act to administer oaths, are hereby authorized to administer such or the like oaths in pursuance of

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 2S. 79

this act: and in case no such certificates shall respecttvdy be produced, or proof respectively made within the times therein'limited, it shall and may be lawful for the respective commis- and of their sioners of excise to cause the bonds which shall be taken by vir- put ia tee of this act to be put in suit, unless they shall find fumcientuit#

£ause to forbear the same; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And, for the preventing the relanding of such rum or spirits If such mm after the same shall be Jlipped; be it further enacted by the au- or spirits shall thority aforesaid, That from and after the said sixteen th day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, in case any such ed> rum or spirits, entered as merchandize for exportation, shall not be really and bona fide shipped and exported (the danger of the or shall be seas and enemies excepted) or shall be landed again in any part fraudulently of Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, rc anded# Sark, or Man, or either of them, unless in case of distress to save the goods from perishing, which shall be presently made known to the officer or officers of excise, and the principal officers of the customs in the port; then, not only all such rum and the same, to-spirits, and the casks or other package, shall be forfeited and gather with loft, but also the person or persons who shall bring, or cause, ^JeMd* or procure to be relanded, such rum and spirits, or any part carriages em-thereof, into any part of Great Britain, or of the islands of ployed there-Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sari, or Man, or either of them,n, ire fortck-or be assisting, or otherwise concerned in the unshipping the same, e^J tllc or to whole hands the same shall knowingly come after the un- ^ned forfeit shipping thereof, or by whose privity, knowledge, or direction, double the the said rum or spirits, or any part thereof, shall be so relanded, amount otthe shall forfeit double the amount of the duties charged upon thedutie* importation of such rum or spirits; and the casks and other package containing the lame, together with the vessels and boats, and all the horses or other cattle and carriages whatsoever, made use of in the landing, removing, carriage, or conveyance of the same, which shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise: and if any matter, commander, or and the m-othet person belonging to any ship or vessel, shall assist in, or tter, &c. if fas connive at, the fraudulent landing any such rum or spirits as a- orcoa-foresaid, he, she, or they (over and above all other penalties ^oftSarit provided by this or any other act or acts now in force) shall, for fQ 6 months every such offence, suffer imprisonment for the space of fix imprison-months, without bail or mainprize; and in case the package of ment* such rum or spirits so entered for exportation, or any part thereof,

shall be altered at any time after the (hipp ng thereof, and before before arrival the arrival of the (nip at the port or place of discharge, the at the place ai matter, or other person taking charge of every such ship or vef* difclwrge, be (el, shall forfeit and lofethe sum of one hundred pounds. forfeits 10aL

XL And, for the preventing of frauds which may be committed in The rum or the exportation of such rum or spirits, be it further enacted by the spirit* to be authority aforesaid, That from and after the said sixteenth day t*6* of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, all such rum p 9

or

8o

and the exporter is to give 5 days previous notice of the shipping thereof;

and allow the officers to mark the calks,

and take samples, paying for the same, if demanded;

noon penalty of forfeiting fool.

If any rum

or spirits shall be altered or reduced in quantity or quality after being shipped, the lame is forfeited, and the persons concerned therein, forfeit also iool. Penalty of granting a false certificate, or of counterfeiting, altering, Ac any oath or certificate, it 500l.

One moiety to the crown, and the other to the prose-cptor,

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 28. [1760.

or spirits so to be exported shall be proof spirits; and in order that the same may be properly examined, and the casks marked, when any person or persons shall be defirousof shipping any quantity of such rum or spirits, they are hereby required to give notice thereof in writing to the officer of excise, of the division or place where such rum or spirits are intended to be (hipoed, five days next before such rum or spirits shall be put on (nip-board; in which notice shall be expressed the number of casks, and the quantity of rum or spirits, so intended to be shipped: and it shall be lawful to and for the gaugers, or other officers of excise, before the delivery of such rum and spirits from such ware-houses, and at any time afterwards, to mark all and every such casks, or other package, in such manner as the respective commissioners of excise shall direct, and to take a sample or samples (not exceeding one pint in the whole) out of each of the said casks, or other package, containing such rum or spirits, paying for such sample or samples (if demanded) according to the market price rum or spirits of the like quality shall be sold for, at the time such sample or samples shall be taken: and in case any person or persons shall put on shipboard any such rum or spirits, for exportation, as merchandize, without having given such notice as aforesaid, or shall obstruct or hinder the gaugers, or other offi. cers of excise, in the marking such casks or package, or in taking such sample or samples, he, she, or they, shall respectively forfeit for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds; and if the rum or spirits so intended for exportation as merchandize, shall, after the shipping thereof, be altered or reduced in quality or quantity, after any officer or officers of excise shall have examined the same, the said rum or spirits, and the cask or casks, or other package or packages containing the same, shall be forfeited and lost, and the person or persons who shall have so altered or reduced such rum or spirits, or caused or procured the same to be altered or reduced, shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence, and no drawback or allowance of the duties shall be made for the same, and no drawback is to be allowed for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall knowingly or wittingly grant any false certificate; or counterfeit, erase, or alter any oath or certificate made or given pursuant to this act, or shall knowingly or wittingly publish or make use thereof, such person or persons shall forfeit five hundred pounds; which forfeiture shall and may be prosecuted in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; one moitny whereof to he for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who will sue for, prosecute, and recover the same, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law' shall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance; and such oath or certificate so falsified, counterfeited, erased, cr altered, shall be invalid, and of no effect.

XIII. And, for the further encouragement of the exportation

of

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. a 8; 1 Si

of spirits drawn or made in Great Britain from melasses; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Art additional' sixteenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, drawback of I there shall be an additional drawback or allowance of three

I pounds three shillings, for every tun of such spirits so drawn or on au Qj-itift'made in Great Britain, which shall be exported for merchant made spirits dize to parts beyond the seas; and upon oath bring made before drawn from N any two or more of the respective commissioners of excise, or ex-

justices of the peace for the county or place from whence any being such spirits are intended to be exported, that the same were made of the t' drawn or made in Great Britain from melasses without any mi*- truth thereof ture with any other materials, either native or foreign; or in case such spirits shall be rectified spirits, then, upon oath made, that the lame were drawn or made in Great Britain from melasses

without any mixture with any other materials, either native of t

foreign, except what has been necessary for the rectifying the re-, f

of; and also on oath made, that the duties of the same are duly and of the

Eid, and that the lame are to be exported for merchandize to duties spent beyond the seas; and upon producing a certificate under the hand or.*hands of the officer or officers of excise for the cate produced port or place where such spirits were shipped, of the quantities of the quanti-1b shipped, and that the same were proof spirits, and shipped in lY

the presence of such officer or officers, the distiller or distillers,

or other person or persons exporting the same, shall be allowed pr0of (pints* or paid back, by the commissioneFS of excise, or their collector &<* for the port or place where such spirits shall be shipped off, the j

said additional drawback or allowance of three pounds three shillings for every tun of such spirits so shipped off, and so in proportion for any greater or lets quantity.

XIV. And be it further enacted tby the authority aforesaid, The powers^ That the said act made in this present session of parliament, regulations, and all the powers, authorities, rules, regulations, limitations, andcUufeV-restrictions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, &c. in t^c^therein contained or referred unto, relating to the drawback or cited aft, reallowance thereby granted upon spirits exported as merchandize, Jjiting to the and the discharge or putting in suit of the bonds to be taken hcr^y^rartt- virtue of the said aCi, and to the entring, shipping, and due and ccj ontfie ex^; regular exportation of such spirits, and the landing and clifpo- portation of ling of all and every part thereof in parts* beyond the seas, and spirits; and T to the preventing of all frauds and abuses, and punishing of of- or

fenders, shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, imposed, punjflj, ng levied, recovered, and put in execution, with respect to the frauds, &c.* drawback or allowance, hereby granted, and the melasses spirits extended t<* intended to be, or which shall be, entered for exportation by this virtue of this act, and for preventing, detecting, and punching, frauds and abuse9 relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, regulations, limitations, restrictions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again re-enacted in^rhis present aCh

XV. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority now the fines 'VoL* XXIII. G aforesaid, and penalties

82 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 29, 30. [1760.

arctobereco-aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by VCted* md act> or to b* incurred by virtue thereof, shall be sued for,

ap' levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise (not otherwise directed by this act) or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall and may plead the general if-Coneral liiue. an(j - c t^js a(^ an(j t^c fpCCjaj matter in evidence in his or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or actions, or be nonsuited, or judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defen-Treble celts, dants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXIX.

An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, and to indemnify justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, officers of the militia, and others, who have omitted to register or to deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes.

Preamble, reciting the several qualifying acts of i Geo. i. 13 Car. a.5 Car. 1, 30 Car. a, 18 Geo. 2. 30 Geo. 2. and 31 Geo. a. Further time to ia Feb. 1761, allowed to persons who have omitted to qualify themselves, as the said laws direct. Persons qualifying themselves in manner, and within the time, appointed, recapacitated and indemnified. Offices, &c. already avoided oy judgement of a court, and filled up, confirmed. None indemnified where final judgement bath been given for the penalty incurred.

CAP. XXX.

An act for widening certain lanes, and

within the city of London, and liberties; and for opening certain new streets and ways within the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS several lanes, and passages, viithin the eity of London, and the liberties thereof, are too narrow and incommodious for the passing and repajfing, as well of foot fengers as of coaches, carts, and other carriages, to the prejudice and inconvenience of the owners and inhabitants of houses in and near the same, and to the great hindrance of business, trade, and:

and whereas such defefls might be remedied, and several new Jhreett and ways be made within the said city and, to the great case,

faf'tJ>

[Preamble.]

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30.

*S

and convenience, of passengers, and advantage of the publick in general, in case the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council assembled, enabled to widen and enlarge the said narrow freets, lanes, passages, and to open and lay out such new

streets and ways; and for those purposes to purchase the several houses, buildings, and grounds, which may be necessary to that end: wherefore, for promoting and encouraging a design so useful Power given and beneficial to the publick. May it please your most excellent to the mayor, Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the aldermen, and King's most excellent majesty, by and With the advice and con- ^ecity^in sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this common present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, council assem-That the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in bled, to widen common council assembled, shall have power and authority, not Jireers and only to widen and render more convenient such and so much passages men-of the several streets, lanes, and pastages, mentioned and defcri- tioned in the bed in a schedule to this act annexed, intituled, The frjl fibe- schedule*

dale, in manner in the said schedule particularly mentioned, butj2y°out also to design, make, open, and lay out, such new streets, ways, such ngW oncg and pastages, in the parts and plactes particularly n^entioned and as are menti-. described in another schedule to this act also annexed, intituled, oned and de-The second schedule, in manner in such second schedule men- rationed. dule$

II. And, for enabling the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common wttincil assembled, to effect the and in order purposes aforesaid, be it further enacted by the authority afore- thereto, they said. That the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said ^with^he city, in common council assembled, shall have full power and owners and authority to treat and agree with the owners and occupiers of, occupiers, and all other persons interested in, such houses, buildings, °*/uch. grounds, and estates, as shall be necessary to be purchased For toes* the more effectual performance of any of the purposes aforesaid, shall be necef-and to purchase and become possessed of the same; and, upon fary for chat payment of such sum or sums of money as shall be agreed upon purpose, for for such purchases, to cause such houses and buildings, or so luLeof&cT much thereof as shall be necessary to be pulled down, and such grounds, or so much thereof as shall be necessary to be laid into new streets, ways, and pastages, or in, for, or towards, the widening, enlarging, or improving, any of the present streets, ways, and pastages, defcri bed in the two schedules hereunto annexed; and this act shall be sufficient to indemnify them the ?n<* mayor, aldermen, and commons of the said city, in common ywmninea council assembled, their agents, workmen, officers, and servants, or 0 oin* and all persons acting by or under their authority, against the heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, of any of the said owners or occupiers, as if the same had been fold and conveyed by deed of feoffment, bargain and sale, or other assurance in the law whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Bodies post. That it shall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick, tick, corpo-corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, uuftees and other persons, arc impowered to lell and convey lands for the said purposes;

and th*y are indemnified for what they shall (o do in Jrarfuance of this

but if they shall refuse to treat or agree in the premises, or shall be disabled from treating,

or cannot evince a clear title.

a jury is to be iiftnmoned.

and drawn according to the directions in s Geo. a.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30; [176a

and feoffees in trust, guardians and committee* for lunaticks and ideots, executors, administrators, and guardians whatsoever, not only for or on behalf of themselves, their heirs and successors, but also for and on behalf of their cestuique trusts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, femes covert, or other persons whatsoetffcr, and to and for all femes covert who are or shall be seised in their own right, and to and for all and every person and persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of, dr interested in, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be necessary to be purchased for any of the purposes of this act, to sell and convey all or any such lands, tenements, hereditaments, estates, and interests, or any part thereof, to the said mayor, and commonalty, and citizens; and that all contra&9, agreements, bargains, sales, and conveyances* which shall be made by such persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in law, to all intents and purposes, not only to convey the estate and interest of the person and persons conveying, but also to convey all right, estate, interest, use, property, claim, and demand whatsoever j of their several and respective cestuique trusts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, femes covert, or other persons whomsoever, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them; any law, Statute, usage, or any other matter or thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all such persons, so conveying as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of or in pursuance of this act, notwithstanding any omission or mistake of matter of form whatsoever: and if it shall happen that any person or persons, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, or other person or persons, seised of possessed of, or interested in, any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree for the sale and conveyance of their respective estates and interests therein, or by reason of disability, cannot agree with the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the said city, in common council assembled, or with any person or persons by them in this behalf authorised or appointed, or shall not produce and evince a clear title to the premisses they are in possession of, or to the interest they claim, to the Satisfaction of the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the said city, in common council assembled, or of the person or persons by them so authorized or appointed; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the (hcriffs of the said city, and they are hereby required, upon a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, to be issued and directed to them for this purpose by the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city (which warrants or precepts the said court are hereby impowered and authorized to issue) to impanel and return acorns petent number of substantial and disinterested persons qualified to serve on juries, not less than forty eight, nor more than seventy two; and out of such persons, so to be impanelled, summoned, and returned, a jury of twelve persons shall be drawn, by some person to be by the said court appointed, in such manner

\y6o-4] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30. 85

ner as juries for the trial of issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at IVtJlmnfter^ by an act made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better regulation of juries, are directed to be drawn; which persons, so to be impa- nelied, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said court, at such time and place as in such warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said court from any of whom day to day, till discharged by the said court: and all parties may be chal-conccmed shall and may have their lawful challenges against any lcnS*d* but of the said jurymen j but shall not be at liberty to challenge the EOtt carrajr# array: and the said court is hereby authorized 'and impowered, witnessesmay by precept or precepts, from time to time, as occasioit shall re- be also sura-quire, to call before them all and every person and persons whom- moned and soever, who shall be thought proper or necessary to be examined on

as witnesses before them, on their oath or oaths, concerning the premisses: and the said court, if they think fit, shall and an(i the court may likewise authorize the said jury to view the place or places may direct the in quefiion, in such manner as they shall direct; and the said jury^view court shall have power to command such jury, witnesses, and J*ces m parties, to attend, until all such affairs, for which they were q9summoned, shall be concluded: and the said jury, upon their and to assess oaths (which oaths, as also the oaths to such person or persons the damages as shall be called upon to give evidence, the said court is'here- pcnc^imon by impowered and required to administer) shall inquire of the J, ath i value of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and of the respective estate and interest of every person seised or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any part thereof 5 and shall assess and award the sum or sums to be paid to every such person or persons, for the purchase of such their estates and interests; and the said court shall give judgment for such sum or sums of money so to be assessed: which said verdict or verdicts, and their ver-and the said judgment, decree, or determination thereupon (no- j cani?ie tice in writing being given to the person or persons interested, ^vfn thereat lead fourteen days before the time of such assessment, decla upon, ring the time and place of the meeting of the said court and (previous nojury, by leaving such notice at the dwelling-house of such person or persons, or at his, her, or their usual place or places of y\n to[hegl- abode, or with same tenant or occupier of some of the said parties int* lands, tenements, or hereditaments, intended to be valued and rested) assessed, in case such party cannot otherwise be found out to be served with such notice) shall be binding and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatsoever, against all and every person or aretobebind-persons, bodies politic and corporate, claiming any estate, right, >n<? and con-title, trust, use, or interest, in, to, or out of the said lands, te- to nements, or hereditaments, and premisses, either in possession, p 1, 1 reversion, remainder, or expectancy, as well against the King's most excellent majesty, his heirs and successors, as against infants and issue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, and femes covert, and persons under any other legal incapacity or disability, and all trusteqf and ceftuiquc trusts, his, her, and their heirs, succes-

G 3 for*,

and the said verdicts,

*ements, other proceedings, are to be writ

86 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. go.

[1760.

fors, executors, and administrators, and against all other persons whomsoever; and the said verdicts, judgments and decrees, and all other proceedings of the said court and juries, so to be made, given, and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on parchment, and signed by the town clerk of the said ten on parch- cjty for ttime being.

signed by the And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the au-

tpwn clerk, thority aforesaid, That upon payment of such sum or sums of U'money, so to be awarded or adjudged, the person or persons to ment of she whom the same shall be so awarded, for the purchase of the said purchase-mo- lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or for the purchase of any

ney, the parties to

of the said lands and grounds.

estate or interest therein, shall make and execute, or procure to

.. be made and executed, good, valid, and legal conveyances,

execute legal alignments, and assurances in the law, to the said mayor and conveyances commonalty, and citizens, or to such person or persons as the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council assembled, shall order, direct, or appoint, of the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or of such estate or interest, for which such sum or sums of money shall be so awarded* and shall procure all necessary parties to execute such conveyances, alignments, and assurances; and shall do all acts, matters, and things, necessary and requisite to make a good, dear, and perfect title to the said mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, or the person or persons so by them in this behalf to be appointed as aforesaid 5 and such conveyances, alignments, and assurances, shall contain all such reasonable and usual covenants as, on the part of the said mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, or of the person or persons so by them in this behalf to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be reasonably required: and in shall not make case such person or persons, to whom such sum or sums shall be orexecutele- awarded as aforesaid, shall not be able to evince their tide to gal convey- the premisses, and to make, or procure to be made, such good, ances thereof, valid, and legal conveyances thereof as aforesaid, or shall refuse so to do, being thereto required, and such sum or sums, so assessed and awarded as aforesaid, being tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, on their making such title, and executing, or procuring to be executed, such conveyances, alignments, or assurances, as aforesaid; or in case such person or persons, to vendiri con whom such sum or sums of money shall be so awarded as afore-cemin/a° " said, cannot be found within tire said city, or liberties thereof;

or in case, by reason of disputes depending in any court of law or equity, or for defect of evidence, it shall not appear what person or persons is or are intitled to the premisses in question; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said court of mayor and aldermen, to order the said sum or sums, To assessed and awarded as aforesaid, as and for the value of, and purchase-money for the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be paid into the bank of England, for the use of the parries interested in the said premisses, to be paid them, and every of them, according to their respective estatesand interests therein, at such time as the said court shall o.der ant} 6 dirqft;

But if they

upon tender of the sum awarded,

or cannot be found, ora

cerning a right to the premisses,

the money is then to be paid into the bank for the use of the parties.

1766.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30. tj

direct: and the caftiier or cashiers of the bank of England, who shall receive such sum and Aims, is and are hereby required to

give a receipt or receipts for such sum or Aims, mentioning and and a receipt

specifying for what premises, and for whose use, the same is or for the

are received, to such person as shall pay any such sum or Aims, amc'

into the bank as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That All verdicts, all such verdicts, judgments, sentences, decrees, orders, and judgements, other proceedings of the said court of mayor and aldermen, and juries, as relate to, or concern any lands, tenements, or here-coed[ng*of ditaments, so to be purchased as aforesaid; and all receipts the court, which the said cashier or cashiers of the bank shall give for any and receipts sum or Turns of money paid into the bank, in consequence of any such verdict and judgment; shall be entered into a distinct inp^ book or books, which shall be kept among the records of the per bookstand said court: and the said verdicts, judgments, sentences, decrees, kept among and orders, and other proceedings, shall be deemed and takenj|c records of to be records, to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and the foal? be

same, or true copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be deemed good good and effectual evidence and proof in any court or courts of evidence of law or equity whatsoever: and all persons mall and may have th* fa&* recourse to the same gratis, and take copies thereof, paying for may^h*!* every copy, not exceeding two hundred words, four pence, and thereto, and so proportionably for any greater number of words: and im- copies taken mediately on such payment, and entry of such verdicts, judge- there°A ments, sentences, decrees, orders, and other proceedings, of the and enuy*said court and juries* and of such receipt or receipts o? the said made as afore-cashier or cashiers as aforesaid, all the eftite, right, title, inte- faffi, the right rest, use, trust, property, claim, and demand, in law and equity, and property of the person or persons for whose use such money shall be paid, es j8ct£^ft " in, to, and out of, the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, it, the corpo* and premises, shall vest in the said mayor and commonalty and ration ab(p-citizens, or the person or persons to whom the mayor, alder- lutely* men, and commons of the said city, in common council assembled, shall order, direct, or appoint such conveyances to be made; and they shall respectively be deemed in law to be in the a&uai seisin or possession thereof, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually, as if every pepfqn, having any estate in the premises, had actually conveyed the same to them by lease and release, bargain and sale, inrolled feoffment with livery and seisin, fine and recovery, or any other legal conveyance whatsoever: and such payment shall not only bar all right, title, interest, claim, and demand, of the person or persons to whose use such payment was made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and conftjrued to bar the dower and dowers of the wife and wives of such person and persons, and all estates tail, in reversion or remainder, against the issue and issues of such person and persons, and every person claiming under them, as, £ffectually as a fine and recovery, or either of them, would do, jf levie ' or suffered by the proper parties in due form of law.

88 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30. [1760.

The purchase-

VI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for w^tlinouhc court may°r an^ aldermen, after such payment into

partie^ijne- anc* mtry as aforesaid, upon the petition or any per-

retted, may be son or persons in whom the legal estate, in possession, of such placed out in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, was vested at the time of the said payment into the batik, to place out or invest, or to cause to be placed out or invested, such sum or (urns of money, or any part thereof, in forne of the publick funds, or on government fecuTity, at interest, in the names of the chamberlain, town clerk, and comptroller of the chamber of the said city, for the time being; and the same shall, as soon as conveniently may be, after the death or removal of any of them, be, by the survivors or survivor of them, transferred into the names of the chamberlain, town clerk, and comptroller of the chamber of the said city, for the time being; and so, from time to time, as often as any one of the said officers shall happen to die, or be removed, in trust, to transfer and assign the same to such person or persons to whom the premisses (hat! Wlong, on their executing proper conveyances thereof; and in the mean time, in trust, to pay the interest: and dividends arising therefrom to such person or persons, so in possession of the said premisses as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all and every person or persons who would be intitled to recover the mesne profits of the premisses against the person or persons so in possession, in case the same had hot been so conveyed to, or vested in, the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or other person or persons as aforesaid, shall be intitled to recover the

the public funds, &c.

in the names of the chamberlain, town clerk, and comptroller for the time bring,

in frust, to the interest and dividends to the £ud parties.

Tb* persons intitled to recover the mesne profits of the pre-snilTes against the persons in

possession, ^um or ^UII1S to ar*k from interests and dividends as aforesaid, are intitled tp by action of debt, or otherwise, against the person or persons recover thejn- who shall receive the same; and the governor and company of ter5^, ra(?ne> the bank of England are hereby authorized and required to obey tsto'obsy any and orders, from time to time, as shall be made by

order of the 7 the said court of mayor and aldermen, for the payment of fuefi court made sum or sums of money, or any part thereof, in order to the for th^t pur- same being invested in publick securities as aforesaid: and the f>ut the city is mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or other person or not to be di- persons to whom the find premisses shall, by the mayor, alder-it orbed in men, and commons of the said city, in common council aflem-their poflef- bled, be ordered or appointed to be conveyed as aforesaid, shall ion* be quieted in the seisin and possession of the lands, tenements,

and hereditaments, for which such money shall be so paid as nor isaccount-aforesaid, and shall not be answerable or accountable, in any able for the court of law or equity, for the money so deposited and placed oin^dFore- out as any otherwise than according to the tenor, pur-

port, and trite meaning, of this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any same covert is or shall be seised/ in fee Ample, or in tail, general or special, or for life, of any such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, so to be purchased by the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or other person or persons as aforesaid, or of any interest in the same, to her separate use, free from the contfoul

or

said.

Where same

jeovert is (eif-ed io fee Ample, &c. in any of the premisses to her foie ami Separate use.

1760] Anno tricesimo tcrrio GEORGII II. c. 30J 89

or intermeddling of her husband, the purchase-money arising the purchase* from the sale of such estate or interest of such same covert, on tobe

the conveyance of such estate or interest to the said mayor and ^rat-

commonalty, and citizens, or other person or persons as afore- trust, to be re-said, shall be paid to such person or persons as (he shall, by invested in writing under her hand, nominate to receive the same, in trust, thr° to be re-invested in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be same uses. conveyed and settled for such uses, estate, and interest, as the said same covert had in the premisses so purchased by the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or other person or persons, as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The m0liey

That the principal money arising from the sale of any houses, payable in edifices, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which shall be respectc of purchased for the purposes contained in this adfc of any body |and!* Incorporate or collegiate, corporation aggregate or foie, being feof- corporate0 fees in trust, guardians, committees, or other trustees, shall be bodies, &c. paid to them respectively, or to such persons as they shall re- is to be paid spectively nominate to receive the same, in trust, with all con- tjnm or venient speed then afterwards to be reinvested in the purchase of*

other messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be be reinvested conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to, the like in otherlandsf uses, -trulls, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the to^houses, edifices, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whichfameufrgf shall be purchased from them respectively by the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or other person or persons as aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, or assured, at the time of such the purchasing of the same, or so many thereof as, at the time of making such conveyances and settlements, shall be existing and capable of taking cffedh

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That All bargains all bargains and sales whatsoever, to be made and acknowledged and (ales in by any person or persons whomsoever, and which shall be in* aa ^nd rolled in the hustings of the said city, of any such lands, tcne- inrolleci in the -ments, and hereditaments, as shall be purchased by virtue of huttings,

and for the purposes of this act, shall have the force, eflfed}, deemed good and operation, in law, to all intents and purposes, which any and valid in fine or fines, recovery or recoveries whatsoever, would have, iflaw* levied or suffered by the bargainer or bargainers, or any person or persons seised or any estate in the premisses, in trust, for or to the life of such bargainer or bargainers, in any legal manner or form whatsoever.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Memoriahof That all and every person and persons whosoever, having or all claims of claiming any right, title, interest, use, property, claim, and de- right, &c. to mand whatsoever, whether in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy; in, to, or out of, any lands, tenements, or he- ^chafed and reditaments, which, by virtue and for the purposes of this act, conveyed os shall be purchased and conveyed, or mentioned or intended to aforesaid, be conveyed, by any such bargain and sale as aforesaid, shall, are to be en-within the space of five yearsj to be computed from the date of tered, withw

go Anno tricesimo tertio GEORGII II. C. 30.

[17&V

the date of the the inrollment of such bargain and fall, enter a memorial of ^eir right, ritle, interest, use, property, claim, and do* and foie, with an* in a book to be for that purpose prepared and kept by the town the town clerk of the said city; which book the saidtown cleric clerk; is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for

his fee foren- which entry he shall be Entitled to such fee, and no other, as same* the register of the county of Middlesex is by law intitled to, for All claims not the registry of a memorial containing the same number of words; enteredorpro and all and every person or persons whosoever, not entering such Teemed within right, claim, and demand, within such time, and in such man-null and void. ner> as afc>resaid, or, having so entered the same, and not pro- Ifecuting such* their right, claim, or demand, with effe<&, within the space of five years, to be computed from the time of such entry, shall be for ever barred of all right, title, ufc, equity, property, claim* or demand whatsoever, whether in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, in, to, upon, or out of, the said premisses, and every part thereof; and the fakl mayor and commonalty, and citizens, and those claiming by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the possession of all such lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises 5 any law, Statute, usage, matter, or thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Persons W-

XII. Provided nevertheless, That any person or persons, bar-r, e<h°*&hCir re^ any interest, claim, or demand what-

by virtue of f°ever> to> out 0£ the kid lands, tenements, and heredi* this act, may taments, by virtue of this act, shall be at liberty to bring an bring their action or actions of debt, or for money bad and received to his, action for the her, or their use, or take such other legal remedy as he, she, or ney received" t^ley* shall think proper, against any person or persons or the kc. 9l*gal representative of any person or persons, who received the purchase-money arising from such sale of the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or premisses aforesaid and that in every such case, the plaintiff or plaintiffs, on proof of such title as would have enabled them to recover such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, or any estate or interest in the same, shall recover the said purchase-money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to their interest in the said premises, together with such interest as shall be equivalent to the mesne profits of the premises which they would have been intitled to recover, in case this act had not been made.

Tenants at

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every tenant at will, or lefleei wiH, or lessee for a year, or other person or persons, in posses-h>r a year, &c. fion of any fdch lands* tenements, hereditaments, and premisses, up^mibediMe 0, 1 any Part thereof, which shall be purchased by virtue of, and poflefuon of for the purposes of this a<$, and who shall have no greater in the premisses, terest in the premisses than a tenant at will, or as lessee by pg-. role for a year, or from year to year, shall deliver up the possession of such premisses immediately to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or to such person or persons as the mayor* aldermen, and commons of the said city, in common council assembled, shall appoint to tafce possession of the fgrae, iq case

the

1760.] Anno tricosimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30. 91

the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the said city, in common council assembled, or such person or persons authorized by upon pay-them, shall pay or tender to him or them six months relit of the ment, orten-fame premisses, or shall give him or them twelve months notice der* to quit such possession, when such person or persons in possession shall, at the end of the said twelve months, or so (bon after as ties to quit he or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the same; the possession of the (aia premises to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or the person or persons authorized by the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council assembled, to take possession thereof: and that in and if they case any such person or persons, so in possession as aforesaid, shall I*

refuse to give such possession as aforesaid, then it shall and may ^he

be lawful to and for the said court of mayor and aldermen to court may if-issue their precept or precepts to the sheriffs of the said city, to sue their pre-deliver possession of the premisses to such person or persons as SfP*.°the shall, in such precept or precepts, be nominated to receive the ^oare to defame: and the said (herifls are hereby required to deliver such ijVer possession possession accordingly of the said premisses, and to levy such accordingly, costs as shall accrue from the issuing and execution of such pre- and l*jythe cept or precepts, on the person or persons lb refilling to give cution*" possession as aforesaid, by distress and sale of his, her, or their goods.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Mortgage*, That all and every person and persons, who shall have any mort- upon tender # gage or mortgages on such lands, tenements, and hereditaments of the princi-M aforesaid, not being irv possession thereof by virtue of such mortgage or mortgages, shall, on the tender of the principal gather with' money and interest due thereon, together with six months in-half a year's tcreft of the said principal money, by the mayor, aldermen, and extra interest* commons, of the said city, in common council assembled, or by such person or persons as they shall appoint, immediately assign are to assign such mortgage or mortgages to the said mayor and commonalty, over their and citizens, or to such person or persons as the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council af- 79

fern bled, shall appoint; or in case such mortgagee or mortgagees or otherwise, shall have notice, in writing, from the mayor, aldermen, and upon6months commons, of the said city, in common council assembled, or glvcn the person or persons so by them appointed, that they will pay and payment off and discharge the principal and interest which shall be due on of the princi-the said mortgage or mortgages, at the end or expiration of fixp*landinte-months, to be computed from such notice given s that then, at JJJail be* then the end of the said fix.tnonths, on payment of the principal and due,

Interest (b due, fudt mortgagee or mortgagees shall assign their interest in the premisses to the said mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, or such person or persons as the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the said city, in common council assembled, shall if they refuse, appoint: and in case such mortgagee or mortgagees shall refuse the interest to so to assign as aforesaid, on such tender or payment, that then thax time'r qU interest on every such mortgage shall ccafe.

92 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30.

[1760."

and upon pay-

XV. And be it farther enacted T*y the authority aforesaid* prlncj0^al*and That uP°n of the principal money and interest due on

interest^oto anT' mortgage as aforesaid* into the bank* at the end of fix the bank, at months from such notice as aforesaid* for the use of the mort-the end of 6 gagee or mortgagees, to be paid him* her, or them, at such time JSch^tice>in 35 ^e kid court rf mayor and aldermen shall order and diffedt 5 for th°use of the cashier or cashiers of the bank shall give a receipt or receipts such mortga- for the said money, in like manner as is herein before directed* gee* in cases of other payments into the bank; and thereupon all the

ftier's'reei t c^atc> right, title, interest, use, trust, property, claim, and de-taken for tlSe TOand* of the said mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of every person same, or persons in trust for him, her, or them, shall vest in the said

the right of mayor and commonalty* and citizens 5 and they shall be deem-eisto^S*to, n a^ua^ P°^on of the premisses comprized in w the city. such mortgage or mortgages, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

The purchase-

XVI. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, to That all sums of money, or other consideration, recompence, ed to th^rar^" or fat*sfa<ftion, to be paid and made pursuant to any such agree-ties, ment or verdict as aforesaid, or which shall be due on such mort-

*nd on their gage, shall be tendered to the party or parties' intitled to the tof ac' lame 5 and in case of refusal to accept the same, shall be paid in-hthentobe^10be bank En$an&\ before the mayor, aldermen, andcorh-paid into the mons, of the said city, in common council assembled, or any bank, person or persons authorized or appointed by them, shall proceed

be/orethepre, to pUj^ down any house or houses, or other eredfions and made use of; buildings, or to use the ground for the purposes of this act: and the monies to the said monies shall be paid into, and the accounts thereof be, (land in the from time to time, carried on by the bank, in the names of the name*of t.he chamberlain, town clerk, and comptroller of the chamber of "XT' t*le kid city, for the time being, in trust for the persons intitled and comptrol- to the said monies, er, in trust for the parties intitled thereto.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* fine theftie- That the said court of mayor and aldermen, shall have power, rifts, their de- from time to time, to impose any reasonable fine, not exceed-putiet, bailiffs, ing the Aim of ten pounds, on such sherifft, or their deputy or or agents, deputies, bailiffs or agents respectively, making default in the premisses, and on any of the persons who shall be summoned jurymen, apd returned on any such jury or juries, who shall not appear*

evidences OI. w re^e to be ^worn on the said jury or juries, or,

being so sworn, shall not give his or their verdict; and also on any person or persons who shall be summoned to give evidence touching any the matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or and all other faall remfe to be sworn, or who, being sworn, shall rpfufe to persons, mak- give his, her, or their evidence; also on any other person or ir*g default in persons who shall, in any other manner, wilfully neglect his or and?ev^theSl the'r duty in the Premi*fes, contrary to the true intent and same by di- meaning of this^dfc; and from time to time to levy such fine ftrpfs and sale, or fines, by distress and sale of the offender's goods* by warrant under the h^nd jjnd feaj, or h*nc)s and seals, of any justice

qt

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 39. 93

or justices of the peace, together with the reasonable charges of every such distress and falc, returning the overplus (if any) to to be applied the owner: and all such fines shall be applied to the use of the ^d/welT and poor of the hospitals of Bridewell and Bethlehem, within the said Bethlehem city, and be paid for that purpose to the treasurer of the said hospitals. hospitals for the time being.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted and declared where the by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, body proprietors or bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, shall be applied to, by*

or on behalf of the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said an^nm

city, in common council fcflembled, to treat for, fell, dispose of, veyance of or convey, for any of the purposes of this act, any part or parts any premises of any house, warehouse, yard, or ground, in the actual occu- lct by tilcm* pation of one tenant, or of several joint tenants $ and the person or persons, body or bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, signify their so applied to, shall, by notice in writing, to be left at the comp- inclination to troller's office in the guildhall of the said city within thirty days treat*&c* next after such application, signify his, her, or their inclination or desire to treat for, fell, dispose of, and convey, the whole of such house, warehouse, yard, or ground 5 then and in every such the whole of case, the whole of every such house, warehouse, yard, or ground, shall be deemed, taken, and held, to be necessary to be pur* ^necesfiurTo chafed, for effecting the purposes of this act: and if it shall be pm^aZi} happen that the mayor? aldermen, and commons, of the said but if the > city, in common council assembled, shall not think proper or court shall not be willing to purchase the whole of such house, warehouse, yard, dr ground, then, and imevery such case, nothing in this £bole, the ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to compel proprietors the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers thereof, to treat for, are not botjad fell, dispose of, or convey, any part of such house, warehouse, to yard^ or ground; any thing herein before contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by theautho- Such parts of rity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the any mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common % £ the Stoefj council assembled, or any person or persons in whom any house fafy for the*or ground shall be veiled by virtue of this act, to let, fell, or opening or dispose of, so much or such parts thereof, as shall not be necef- widening of fcry for the opening or widening of any of the said streets, lanes,

ways, and passages, to any person or persons, to and for such f0idby the ufeor uses as they shall think proper, court, or pro-

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho* prietors.

rity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the A committee mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common ma.y aP-council assembled, and they are hereby authorized and im- dele-powered, from time to time, to appoint a committee to manage gated to them and transact such matters and things as shall be necessary in or for carrying.about the execution of the purposes intended by this adfc 5 which 1 fC.furp's committee so to be appointed, shall have such or so much of °0executfen* the powers and authorities by this act given to the mayor^ al-

tfcrmcn, and commons, of the said city, in common council

4cm-

94

ed, may be of such committee.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30. [1760.

assembled, as the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council assembled, shall, from dole to time* think fit or proper to delegate to such committee, but no person*

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the autho-here describ- rity aforesaid, That no person concerned in building, or dealing in any materials for building, shall be capable of acting as a member of any committee so to be appointed, or intruded to manage or conduit the execution of the purposes aforesaid; neither shall any person be eligible or capable of acting as a member of such committee, during such time as he shall have qr execute any office or place of profit by or under the authority of this act, or hold any place or employment under the said mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, or during such rime as he shall have any share or interest in any contract or agreement for effecting the purposes aforesaid.

XXII. And whereas by the pulling down several of the said houses and buildings or some port or parts thereof and laying the same into streets and ways for the purposes aforesaid, the refterst vicars9or curatesy of the respective parishes wherein such houses and buildings respectively now Jlandy will fa deprived of their remedy for recovering the tythes, or yearly Jims of money, or customary payments in lieu of tythes, now charged on such respective houses or buildings* and payable by the respective occupiers thereofunless some provision shall be made by this act for the future payment of the same; be it The tythe, See. therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whatever the charged on tythe, or yearly sum of money, or cudomary payment in lieu of tythe, charged on any messuages, tenements, or buildings, to be pulled down and laid into dreets and ways under the authority of this act, shall be valued or ascertained at, by any jury to be impanelled by virtue of this act, shall be deducted out of to be deduced the sum at which the said messuages, tenements, or buildings, purchase-mo- va^u^ or ascertained, and the same shall be paid into

ney, and paid the chamber of the city of London, for the use of the said city: into' the and all such tythes, sums of money, or cudomary payments in

chamber of lieu thereof, which shall be in arrear, or shall then after become

due and payable to the re&ors, vicars, or curates, of the said respective parishes wherein such houses, buildings, or tenements, respectively are, for or in respdt of any such hbuses, buildings, or tenements, which, or whereof any part or parts, shall be so pulled down and laid into dreets or ways, shall for ever then afterwards be charged upon all and every the manors, meduages, lands, tenements, markets, fairs, and all other the revenues of and belonging to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the said city, in possession or reversion, but without prejudice to all precedent charges thereon; and such arrears shall be forthwith paid; and the growing payments shall then after be pay-

__________ able to the re&ors, vicars, or curates, of the said several parishes

lain to the re- respectively, and their successors for the time being, for ever, spe&ire rec- clear of all taxes and deductions, by the chamberlain of the said cars a&c Vfr c*ry ^or tltnc being, at f°ur m°A usual quarterly feads, ofail taxes^or days of payment, in every year (that is to by) the annunciation

any messuages, to be pulled down and laid Into the dreets, is

London, and is to be thereafter chargeable with all arrears thereof, on the city lands, &c.

and paid Quarterly by the Chamber-

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30. 95

tien of the blessed Virgin Mary, the nativity of Saint John Bap-nd deduc-tift, the feast of Saint Mickail the Archangel, and the nativity of t*ons, our blessed Saviour, by equal payments fh every year; the first payment thereof to begin and commence on such of the said feast days as shall first and next happen after the pulling down any of such houses, buildings, or tenements, or any part or parts thereof, and laying the same into the streets and ways aforesaid, for the purposes aforesaid.

XXni. And whereas so much of the at7, pqffed in the eleventh Act u Geo. i. year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for the better regulating of buildings, and to prevent mischiefs that may happen by fire within the weekly bills of mortality, and other places therein mentioned, as relates to the pulling down or rebuilding of partitions or party walls between house and house, is confined to cases where one of the houses is to be ere fled or built 5 and it may happen that party walls within the said city, or liberties thereof may be so far out of repair as to render it necessary to pull down and rebuild the famey although neither of the adjoining houses require to be new built: and whereas the workmen, appointed by virtue of the said recited off to examine party walls, are often equally divided in opinion about the necessity of rebuilding the famey whereby a certificate from the major part of such workmen, as by the said receited act is required, cannot be obtained, and the purposes of the said act, in many inflames, have been evaded 5 be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the So much of said recited act as relates to party walls, within the said city or th recited liberties, shall, from and after the passing of this present act, ex- p^y waU$, tend, and be construed, deemed, and taken to extend, to all i3 to extend*cases whatsoever, within the said city or liberties, where it is or to all cases shall be necessary to pull down and rebuild any party wall, whe- |icrc it (halt ther either of the adjoining houses shall or shall not be, or required to be, rebuilt or new built: and that from and after the and rebuild passing of this present act, in case: he major part of the workmen any party wall appointed, in manner by the said recited act prescribed, to view withm the ci* the party wall of any house or houses, within the said city or ^rfieschere. liberties, intended to be pulled down, shall not, within the space of 5 of one month next after such appointment, sign a certificate in and where a writing, as by the said act is required, then, and in every such majority of case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the court of mayor (haiiWrefufe to and aldermen of the said city, and they are hereby authorized sign a certifi. and required, upon application to them for that purpose made, cate pursuant by the owner or occupier of either of the houses between which the act* the party wall so propofet} to be pulled down, shall be, to name on^Miwtion and appoint one other able workman to be added, to the work- to them, may men appointed by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited act: appoint ano-and the workmen, so appointed by virtue or in pursuance of thetl, cr w°r.kr5atl said former act, and of this present act, or the major part of ^umber*° them, who shall meet for that purpose (reasonable notice having w 1

been given to ail of them of such intended meeting) shall view the party wall, so proposed to be pulled down: and >1 case the and the majo-major part of such workmen shall certify in writing, under their nty certifying

hands, taeiculHm

96

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30. [1750.

such wall to be hands, that such party wall is defective and bad, and ought to bad, be pUUed down, then, and in such case, it shall and may be

puHed°down to anc* for wher or occupier of either of the said act-

and rebuilt, joining houses to cause such party wall to be pulled down and subject how- rebuilt, and he or she shall have such remedy for recovering a ever to thede. moiety of the expences thereof, as in and by said recited a d isL thehifticSn8*ven or provided; subject nevertheless to mch appeal and de- upol^appTal to termination, by the justices of the peace of and for the said cithern. ty, as by the same ad is directed.

XXIV. And whereas it would tend greatly to prevent the spread- ing of the fatal effects of fire within the said city and liberties, if party walls between house and house, within the same, were to be made of greater thickness than is prescribed by the act passed in the Ad 7 Anne seventh year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for making more effectual an act, made in the sixth year of her Majesty's reign, for the better preventing of mischiefe that may happen by fire; and if no timbers, except the timbers of the roof girders, and the templets under the same, were laid into the party walls \ and if the ends of the girders, lying within the said party walls, did not exceed one foot; and if none of the ends of the girders in adjoining houses met, or were lend opposite to each othery and the fsdes thereof were laid at leaf nine inches difiant from each other; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Party walls, all party walls which, from and after the expiration of three for the future, calendar months next after the passing of this act, shall be erec-are 10 be two ted or built within the said city or liberties thereof, shall be two half thick in* anc* a half thick at the lead, in the cellar, and two bricks,

the cellar, and thick upwards, to the top of the garret floor 5 and that the same two bricks shall be built of (lone, or of good, found, hard, well burnt bricks,

upward $ an(j none other; and also that, from and after the expiration of

an no tun-^fajj three calendar months, no timbers, except the timbers of the roof, girders, and the templets under the same, shall be laid into the party walls erected or built, or to be erected or built, within the said city or liberties; and that the ends of girdei hitoTu^feme ty*ng within such party walls, shall not exceed one foot; ar the girders'that none of the ends of the girders, in adjoining houses, (h; not to be more meet, or be laid opposite to each other; and that the (ides ther than foot cf Hiall be at least nine inches distant from each other: and and iotto any head builder, matter bricklayer, or workman, shall ere and build, or cause to be erected and built, any party wall, with in the said city or liberties, contrary to the eiredions, true intent, and meaning of this act, or shall use, in the building then of, any bricks, other than good, found, hard, well burnt bricks or shall lay any timber in any party wall erected or built, c to be9inches which shall be erected or built, within the said city or libertiei di*h0t h? contrary to the directions, true intent, and meaning of this a6 ^penalty of t*len head builder, matter bricklayer, or workman, shall forfeiting 501. for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, for every of- to be equally divided, one moiety thereof to the informer, and fence in any the moiety to the poor of the parish where such building of the pre- £c> ancj tQ^ievied by warrant under the hands and Teals

of

bers, except those of the roof, girders, and templets, are to be laid

meet, or be opposite to tnofe in the adjoining houses, and the (ides

snides;

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30. 97

of two or more of- his Majesty's justices of the peace, by distrest to be divided

and sale of the offender's goods, upon conviction upon oath

pne or more credible witness or witnesses, or upon his or theif Of the

own confession, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner pariO), &c.

or owners: and for want of such distress, the offender shall be imprisoned for the space of six months, uriless the said penalty

shall be sooner paid, by warrant under the hands and seals of the said twp justices, who are hereby required dnd impowered to issue such warrants accordingly.

XXV. And whereas several noufes within the said city and liberties art, in part, ere fled or built over the grounds of other proprietors, or the several floors, rooms, or parts thereof \ are the property of different per font, whereby difficulties and disputes, may arise amongst the said several owners or proprietors, touching the pulling down and rebuilding the said premisses, or the party walls thereof \ and such rebuilding may thereby be prevented or delayed, to the great injury and inconvenience of such of the owners as are deferous to rebuild the fame\ for remedy thereof, and in order to prevent the fatal effects of Where a part, fire, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any owner of a house, within the said city or liberties, in part erected or built house gone to overgroqnd being the property of some other person*or where- d£f, % us to re-of the fevfcral floors, rooms, or parts, are the property of different build the fame, persons, shall be so decayed as to make the owner of the said but the other ground, or of any part or the said house, desirous to rebuildthe P3*18

lame, and the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers of such [Jin therein, house, or of any part or parts of the said house, (hill not be able

or willing to join, or by reason of any legal disability cannot join in such rebuilding, then, and in every such case, it shall the court, and may be lawful to and for the court of mayor and aldermen upon applica-of the said city, and they are hereby authorized and required, jherad upon application to them by the party so desiring to rebuild, tp pj^tflcsto*issue their order to the sheriffs of London to summon a jury to be surveyed be and appear before the said court, at such time as the said by a jury*court shall appoint, then and there to try whether the premisses ought to be rebuilt or not, and to cause notice thereof to b'e given to or left at such premisses, for such owner or owners, occupier or occupiers: and if such jury shall be of opinion and if they that the premisses o, ught to be rebuilt, and any of the said own- shall be of ersor occupiers, or some person Qr persons on his, her, or their ^hefa^eouent behalf, (halInot, incourt, upon fuchverdi<ft, declareandfignifytheir to be rebuilt, consent and readiness to him in the expence of such rebuilding, and any of the then such jury shall be again impannelled and fwprn to enquire Part*f8 shall and fix the value of the part or parts of the said house belonging confenuojoin to the person or persons so refusing of neglecting to'signify, or*mthe ex-being legally disabled from giving his, her, or their consent to pence, such rebuilding; and, upon payment or tender of the value, the jury is to which shall be awarded by such jury, to she p^fty or parties in- "j terected, ^f he, ' (he, or they can be found within the said city, son'8 parts or the liberties thereof, or upon payment thcfeof into the bank and upon pay-of Ragland y in the name of the chamberlain of the said city for roent or ten-Vol, XXIII. H; ./;

1 &C,

9& Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30. f 17604

the time being, for the use and behoof of the person or persons intitled thereto, in case he, she, or they cannot be found within the said city or liberties, the estate and interest of the party ttt parties. To refusing or rtegleAing, or being disabled as aforesaid, the premisses of, in, or to the said premisses, Khali vest in the person or per* to vest in the fons applying for and obtaining such award or verdict; and S?r^the>ver^n" bc> ^lc' or ^ey immediately proceed to pull down and re-6'&f who may build the said house and premisses, and any or every part there* proceedto pull of; and shall from thenceforth hold and enjoy the same for ever; down and re- against such owners and occupiers, and his, her, and their heirs, build the executors, admimftfators, and assigns, and all other person* amc* whatsoever.

Whereaparty

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any party Wall within the said by virtue'of city or liberties Khali, by virtue of the said recited act Of the e-& 11 Geo. 1. seventh year of his late Majesty's reign, and of this prfefent a A; and rebuilt fce pOlkd down, and rebuilt agreeable to the directions of thi* present act, by the owner or occupier of ofte of the adjoining 6fCFhfc aft, houses, the expehce of such party wall shall be estimated and the expence computed at and after the rate ot seven pounds per rod; anjr shall be com- thing in the said former aA to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority a*-

*nd where any foresaid, That in all cases where any party wall shall be ereAfed Sud^bebuilt^built, agreeable to the directions of this present act, in exteu-agreeable to ^on any contraA or contraAs entered into with the buildet* the directions or worktnan before the first day of March, one thousand seven of this act, hundred and sixty, the expence Of such party wall shall be 5 an^ebn^mate^ and computed at and after the rate of seven pounds p& tract entered T°d*any thing in such contraA or contraAs to the contrary irito before thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

March, 1760, the expence shall be computed in like manner.

XXVIII. And whereat houses and tenements in several parts if the said city of London, and the liberties thereof are osten, either from litigated titles thereto, or the obstinacy or poverty of the owners or proprietors thereof or of parties interested therein, in so ruinous a condition, that passengers passing thereby are in danger of their lives, from the falling thereof or of bricks or timber therefrom; and often are hurt by the falling of the walls thereof or of bricks or timber therefrom; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. Where any That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoO-k°Use °tihn knc* seven hundred and sixty, if any presentment shall be made ^presentedas by any inquest or grand jury in London, that any hoiffes or te-in a ruinods nefnents in the said city of London, or the liberties thereof, are condition, in such ruinous condition, it shall be lawful for the court of the coart shall mayor and aldermen, and the said court is hereby required, on order a fUffi- notice of any such presentment being made, and on a copy cient hoard to thereof being laid before4 them, to cause, with all convenient forethefiimc" t^cn afterwards, a proper and sufficient hoard to be put9up to guard all such ruinous houses and tenements from the publick street, and to cause notice in writing to be given to the

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. go.

99

owner, owners or other person or persons intereded therein, ^d giveno-or they, can be found in the said city of London or tice to the the liberties thereof; and if not, to cause such notice in writing owner to take tb be left at the premifie* in such^ruinous condition; to repair the same, or to take down such buildings, as the case shall re- sliding*

n* e, within the space of six days then next ensuing: and if forthwith % t owner or owners, or other person or persons intereded in and if such any fiach houses or tenements, shall not repair or take down the shall not fatoc, within the said space or six days after any such notice as with^K^ aforesaid shall be given or left as aforesaid, then, on proof, on court may on oath, being made of any such notice being so given or left, cause such the said court is hereby authorized and required, with all con- for

vesient speed then afterwards, to order and cause all or so much <fownfCaU4 of such houses or tenements as are or shall be in such ruinous secured s condition, and likely to be dangerous to passengers passing thereby, to be taken down and secured, in such manner as shall, from time to tuene, be thought requisite: and all the charges of putting and levy thi up every such hoard, and taking down and securing all or (o charges on much of such ruinous houses or tenements as shall be necessary to be taken down or made secure, for the safety of passengers found j passing that way, shall, from time to time, be paid by the owner or owners of such houses or tenements, if known, and he,

(he, or they* can be met with, within the said city of London, or the liberties thereof: and if such owner or owners shall, on demand thereof, neglect or refuse to pay the same, then <such charges may be levied, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and teals, of any such judice or justices of the peace, by distrest and sale of the goods and chattels of such owner or owners, if any such can be found in the said city of London; and if no fitch owner or owners can be met with in the said city of London, or the liberties thereof, or sufficient distress of his, her, or their goods or chattels cannot be met with, where from such costs and charges may be levied j then, and in every such case, the person or oa the fu- or persons, who shall, at any time then after, occupy any1 ThoufS such houses or tenements, or the ground whereon the same dood, c f is and are hereby required and authorized to pay the same, and to deduct the same out of the relit thereof: and if he, she, or they, shall neglect or refute to pay such charges, then the same shall, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of any such justice or judice$ as aforesaid, be levied by didrefs and side of the goods and chattels of any such occupier or occupiers, in manner as other didrefles and sales are by this a A dirscted to be made, together with the cods of every such di-fircfe and sale; and the landlord and landlords of the premides which is to be is and are hereby required to allow every such occupier and oc- In

cupiers all such charges which he, she, or they, shall so pay, or which shall be recovered by didrefs and sale from him, her, or them, as aforesaid, upon receipt of the respective relit: and every occupier, paying any such charges, shall be acquitted and ^ifeherged, for so much money as he, she, or they, shall so pay, as if the same had been actually paid to such person or

relit.

IOO

The money recovered to be paid to the chamberlain.

Where the pavements of the streets shall be damaged by the breaking up the same, to amend or relay any water pipes. See.

any justice, upon complaint, or view thereof, may give notice at the office of the proprietors of the water works, See. to make good, or new lay such pavements forthwith i

and if such order shall not be complied with.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30. [1760.

persons, to whom his, her, or their relit Should have been due or payable; and such money, as the same, shall, from time to time, be received or recovered, shall be paid to the chamberlaii} of the said city, and be by him from time to time placed to the credit of the cash of the said city of London.

XXIX. And whereas the pavements of the streets in the city of London and the liberties thereof are frequently damaged, by the breaking up of the same to amend or new lay water pipes, or to lay water therefrom, belonging to proprietors of water-works, and by improper laying of such water pipes, and also by the burjling, leaking, or ouzing of water pipes belonging to the proprietors of water-works; and such pavements are sometimes relaid, and also amended, by pa-viours employed by such proprietors of water-works, with bad materials, and in an improper manner, and whilst the ground is wet by the ouzing of the pipes, and by reason thereof the pavement made on the ground when Jo wet often gives way, and has holes therein; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, at anytime after the said twenty fourth day of June, it shall be made appear, on oath, before any justice or justices of the peace of the said city of London, by any credible person, or shall be found on the view of any such justice or justices, or by the presentment of any inquest or grand jury of the said city, that any pavement in the said city or liberties thereof, is damaged by the breaking up the same to amend or relay any water pipe or pipes, or to lay water therefrom, belonging to the proprietors of any'water-works, or by the bursting, or leaking, or ouzing of any water pipe or pipes belonging to the proprietors of any waterworks, or by the improper laying of any water pipe or pipes in the said city of London, or the liberties thereof, belonging ta any proprietors of water-works; or that any such pavement hath been laid down, amended, or new or relaid, by any pavi-our employed by or under any proprietors of water-works, with bad materials, or in an improper manner; then, and in any of the said cases, it shall be lawful for any such justice or justices to cause notice thereof, in writing, to be given or left, by the party or parties complaining, at the public office of the proprietors of the water-works to whom such water pipes which shall have occasioned any such damage shall belong, or by whole paviour any pavement shall have been so defectively laid new, or re-laid, or amended, with bad materials, or in an improper manner, or with their collector of the district in which any such default in pavement shall be, to make good, amend, or new-lay, in a proper manner, every such pavement, within the space of three days next after every such notice, in writing, shall be so given or left as aforesaid: and if the proprietors of such water-works shall not, within the said space of three days next after every such notice, in writing, shall be so given or left as aforesaid, cause, at their costs and charges, every such defeCHve pavement to be well and effectually re-laid, repaired, or amended, with good materials, and in a proper and effectual manner, it shall be lawful for any such justice or justices of the said city to, 2 cause

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30. uyi

cause every such pavement, defective or improper pavement, to such Justice be well and effectually relaid, repaired, or amended, with good may Iet mcn materials, and in a proper and effectual manner, by any pavi-10'*0* our or paviours any such justice or justices shall think fit to employ for that purpose, having regard to the condition such pavement was in before the same was damaged by any of the means aforesaid: and every paviour who, pursuant to any order of any who shall be such justice or justices, shall relay, or new lay, repair, amend, P*d their'or make good, any such pavement, or defective or improper afaSSnedby pavement, as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, be paid the a justice, ^charges of doing thereof, as the same shall be ascertained under the hand or hands of some justice or justices of the said city of London^ who is and are hereby respectively authorized to ascertain the same; and also to determine and adjudge whether all or who is like-what part of such charges ought to be paid by the proprietors of wife to deter-such water-works, or whether any and what part thereof ought Tin#b^hom to be paid by the person or persons who was or were liable by c9w

law to have made good such pavement, in case the same had not thereof, ought been damaged by some of the means as aforesaid: and if the pro- to be paid; prietors of such water-works shall not, on demand being made an(J ont^cir at their public office, or on their collector of the distritt as a- refusal of foresaid, of the money which shall be ordered to be paid by them payment achy any such justice or justices aforesaid, pay the same, within cotdinglymay the space of three days next after any such demand as aforesaid ch^gCCby <ji_ shall be made thereof; or if any person or persons liable by law stress and sale. to have made good any such pavement as aforesaid, shall not pay such proportionable part of the charges of making good the same, as any such justice or justices as aforesaid shall determine and ascertain, by any order which shall be made and signed by him or them, ought to be paid by such other person or persons respectively, within the space of three days next after any such notice thereof shall have been given to, or left for, such other person or persons, at his, her, or their usual place of abode, and demand of payment thereof shall be made on him, her, or them, or at his, her, or their usual place of abode; then on oath being made of such demand, and of the money so ordered to be paid remaining unpaid by the space of three days from the time of the same having been demanded as aforesaid (and which oath every such justice and justices as aforesaid is and are hereby respectively impowered to adrainifter) any such justice or justices, shall by warrant under his hand and seal, or their hands and seals, directed to the constables of the said city, cause the expences of amending every such default in pavement, defedfcive or improper pavement, or new or relaying any such pavement as aforesaid, which shall have been amended or relaid under any such order as aforesaid, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the proprietors of such water works, or of the coHedfcor as aforesaid of the district in which any such default of pavement as aforesaid shall have bee^, or of the other persons liable to make good any such de-fcdhve pavement, in such proportion as any such justice or justices

102 Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. & $0. [1700.

as aforesaid shall determine and ascertain the dime ought to be Co paid, together with the charges of every such distress and sale, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owners thereof) And which money, when levied, shall be paid to the paviour or pa-viours who mall have been employed by any such justice or ju — dices as aforesaid, and have amended, repaired, or relayed, any such pavement or pavements as aforesaid.

Inhabitants

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore&d, deemed com- That the inhabitants of any parish where any offence against As P*j£nt wit- shall have been committed, shall be admitted and allowed tty* be a competent witness, notwithstanding his or her inhabitancy in such parish.

- Mo order of

XXXI. And it is hereby also enabled by the authority afore-a justice may said. That no order which shall be made by any Justice or iu-be quashed for ftices, by virtue of or under this act, or any other proceedings want of form, to^had, touching the conviction or convictions of any offend- er or offenders against this a d, shall be quashed or vacated for or removed by Wi>nt of form only; or be removed or removeable by Certiirarif Certiorari. or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his M*j& % 's courts of record at JVtftninJitr.

Limitation of

XXXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That addons. if any action shall be brought, or suit commenced, agaififtany person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, or in relation to the premises, or any of them, such adson or suit shall belaid or brought within six months next after the'fad*done) and shall be laia or brought in the city of Lwdtn, and

not elsewhere: and the defendant or defendants in such action General iitiie. may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the fj>$ci?l matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance, and by authority of this act: and if the same shall appear to have been fodone, or if any action or suit, shall not'be brought within the time before lift)fed) or shall be brought in any other county or place than as afo*4-said s then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendahts j or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or fosse* a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or actions; or if a verdict shall pals against the plaintiff or plaintiffs; or if^ upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaiis-tiffs; the said defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and Treble eofts, shall have such remedy for recovering the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have, for costs, in other cases by law.

[Publick act.]

XXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That this act shall be deemed a publick act; and shall be taken notice of gs such, by all judges, justices, and all other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the fan)e.

Fit*

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. g.3*

Fifft SCHEDULE to which tho aft? refer*

1 Openings tobc made.

In the Ward of Adderfgatt.

In dip ward of Atdg.all. passaget fffy fttt wide, to U openei % from tbt maforCi Jiofi fating Crutched Fiyers, m tie occupation Dent,

k a direli line to tht Minories.

A passage, twenty fivo foot w4b to be opened, through North-

umberland Alley, into Crutched Fryers.

In the ward of

A passage, twenty five feet wide, to be through Angel Court, in Bishopsgate Street, into Little Saint Helen's.

A passage, twenty feet wide, to be, from Broad Street,

tjktuguuoion Court, into Bishopsgate Street.

In. Coleman Street ward,

A passage, fifty feet tvide, to be, from the north end. of

Tohennoufe Yard to London Wall.

In the ward of Farringdon without.

A Passage, thirty feet wide* in the middle part of Snow Hill,

from theme to Fleet Market.

A passage, twenty put feet wide from ButcheihaH Lane into little Britain.

In fhrrwgdon ward, within.

To malt a passage through Cock Alley, on tht south side of Lud-

Site Hill, andoppofte to the Old Baily into Black

ryers.

Second SCHEDULE to which the act. refers:

Passages to be improved and enlarged*

la the ward of AUgate.

TO puS down the btups on the toff side of BiBiter Lane, in order to enlarge tbt passage to the width of thirty feet.

To pnU down the houses at the east end Leaden hall Street, to

pule the passage there thirty pvt feet wide*

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 30.'- [47Go.

To pull down such part of the houses on the east side of Poor Jury Lane, beginning at, and including, a house on the north side of The. Horse and Trumpet, and extending southwards towards Gtuld Square, as will be sufficient to range in a line with that end of the lane next to Aldgate y the passage of which is\ intended to be made thirty five feet widey by pulling down, and setting back, all the houses from the gate so the said Horse and ^Trumpet,

In Broad Street ward. f\

To pull down the house at the wefi end of the buildings situate between Cornhill and Threadneedle Strfc$t. and opposite to the south end of Prince's Street, and lay the ground into the-street.

To pulldown the houses on the south side of Threadneedle Street, extending from the house before mentioned eastwardy till it reaches to that part of the street which is opposite to the bank gates; and torn*

- large the passage there to thirty five feet in width.

In the ward of Coleman Street.

To pull down one house on the north east corner of the Old Jury, and another house at the south wefi corner, of Coleman Street, both f f which are occupied by braziers, and lay the ground thereof into the street.

In CordwaineSs ward.

To pull down the house at the north east corner of Trinity Lane near the Dog tavern, and lay the ground into the street.

In the ward of Cornhill.

To pull down the house at the wefi end of the buildings situate between Cornhill and Lombard Street, and lay the ground into the street.

In the ward of Cripplegate within.

To pull down the houses which project forwards at the wefi end of Silver Street, from the end of Monkwell Street, quitts through into Aldersgate Street, to make a commodious street forjy feet wide.

To pull down the house at the corner of Aldermanbury facing Milk Street, which was formerly the Baptist Head tavern, and lajp the ground thereof into the street.

In the ward of Farringdon within.

To pull down the tin Shop, and the trunkmaker's house, at the south wefi corner of Cheapside, hading into Saint Paul's Churchyard, and lay the ground into the street.

To pull down such part of the htufes in Creed Laqe as are nt-ccjjary to widen the passage to thirty, feet.

In the'ward of Farringdon without.

To pull down dll the houses in the middle row between the paved alley adjoining to Saint Sepulchre's church and Giltspur Street,

'the north end thereof quite through to the south end, which facet Hart Street, and lay the ground into the street.

To

1?60.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. jo.

To pull down all the houses in the middle row between the Great

Old Baily and Little Old Baily, beginning at the north end whieb fates Hart Street, and proceeding, including the

Baptist's Head at the south end, facing the Great Old Baily, and day the groitnd into the street.

- To pull down the /bopsor /beds under Saint Dunstan's church in Fleet Street, and lay the ground into the street.

In Langbtum ward.

To pull down such part of the b, at the end of Mark Lane, next to Fenchurch Street, as will make the passage thirty feet wide. '

To pull down such part of the houses at the end of Lombard Street as will make the passage there thirjy feet

In the ward of Portsoken.

To Pud down the house at the north ea/l corner of Hounsditch, and

adjoining to the churchyard, and lay the ground thereof into the street.

In Tower ward.

To pull down fiuh part of the houses on Saint Dunstan's Hill, adjoining to the George alehoust, andoppofite to the chain, and such part

of the warehouses opposite to the end of Saint Dunstan's church, as tuill render the passage there thirty feet wide.

To pull down the house on the north wefi corner of Great Tower Street, now occupied by. mafier Crawford, a, and also

the house on the south eafi corner of Little Tower Street, nowin the occupation of me/fieursJulon Lindner, in order to make that dangerous passage safe and convenient.

Tt opull down the house in Mark Lane which adjoins to the church of Allhallows Staining, and project twelve feet before the other in order to make it range in a line with the find houses, and enlarge the narrow passage there.

In the ward of

To pull down the houses on the northfide of Thames Street which are situated and reach from Elbow Lane to College Hill, and also those houses on the southside of the findJlreet which reach from Vintners Hall to Bull Wharf Lane, to make thefindJlreetforty

feet wide.

To pull down the house at the corner of Tower Royal, facing College Hill, and lay the ground into the street.

In the ward of

To pud down the house at the north eafi corner of Bueklerlbury, which projects before the other buildings.

In Bishopsgate ward.

To pull down the two houses between New Broad Street New

Broad Street Buildings, which projefl so far into the street as to make

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c.jr

malt tb* pajfa&i andtowmatnictiim to tbt Jineit

and tnttmvtment.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for regulating the proceedings in persona) actiont is the courts baron of the hundred of High Peak, and manor of Ceftlctta, in the county of Derby.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for draining and preferring certain fro lands and low grounds in the Hie of £ly, and counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between MUdeo-hall River south, Plant Load and Brandon River north, bounded on thfe west by the river Ouse, and on theeaft by Winter Load, BariWett Bkooke, and the Hard Lands of Mildenhall; and fof impowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the grieat level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certaTh fen lands lying within the limits aforefeki, commonly catted Inverted Lands,

CAP. XXXIII.

An act to amend and render more effectual two gfts passed in the eleventh and sevenfeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing farera} rends leading to and from the town of Derby, in the county of Derby.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for making more effrftual, and continuing the term, and enlarging and altering the powers, of an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the road leading from the city of Gtoucelier, towards the city of Hereford! and for repairing other roads in the county of Gloucester, in the said act mentioned.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for erecting piers, and other works, for the security end improve-

i raent of the harbour of New Shorehom, in the county of Sessex, rod for keeping the lame in repair.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for repairing fevera) roads leading to the town of Oakhampton, in the county of Devon.

Cap. xxxvii.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts made in the fifth year of his late Majesty, and in the ninth year of his present Majesty*! rrign, for repairing the road from Beacousfictd in the county of Bocks, to woken Church in the county of Onon.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of nil present Majesty, for repairing and widening the rood leading from Market Harborough in the eoanty of Leicester, to the pound in the parifitof Brampton in the county of Huntingdon $ and by one other act made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual the said former act.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road near the west ena of the town of ChesterfieW to Matlock Bridge s and also the road leading out of the said road over Darley Bridge to Cross Green*and also the road leading out of the bft mentioned road, to, the turnpike rood pear B^owdly Bridge, in the county of perby.

1760.] Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 40, 048.

CAP. XL.

An act for extea ding the powers granted by an act passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the town of Wrot-ham, in the county of Kent, and from thence to the village of Poots-Cray, in the said county, to the road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath* to the town of Maidstone.

CAP. XLI.

A* for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the high road from the borough of Tamworth, to Ashoy de la Zouch, in the county of Leicester j and from Sawley Peny in the fidd county, to a turnpike gate, at or near the end of SwarcliffLanc, leading to Afoby de la Zouch afore Arid.

CAP. XUL

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Haleworthy, in the pa* rifli of Davidstow, in the county of Cornwall, to the east end of Wade* bridge in the find county; and from the west end of Wadebridge afore* foid, into and through the borough of Mitchall in the AM county.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by several acts of parliament of the eighth year of her late majesty Queen Anne, the ninth year of his late majesty King George the Fiirft, and the fifteenth year of his present Majestys reign, for repairing the highways between the

bouK commonly called The Horse-shoe House, in the parish of Stoke. Goldington in the county of Bucks, and the town of Northampton, and the road from the north bridge of Newport Pu&nel in the county of Bucks, to The Horst-shoe House.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers contained in two several acts of parliament, auric in tbq twelfth and sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repriring the road from the Dun Cow in the town of Dunchurch, to the town of HBlmorton in the county of Warwick) and from thence to Saint James's end, in the parish of button, in the county of Northampton \ and for making the ume acts more effectoaL

CAP. XLV.

An act for extending and continuing the navigation of the river Wey, otherwise Wye, in the county of Surry, to the town of Godalming, in the said county.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for repairing and widening the high roads from Hinckley to Woo*full Bridge, and Sufo from Hoo.afh-Xanc, through Old Lane, and from Swannington to Lee Gutter) and from thence to Melbourn Common, and from Ibftoek to Measham, in the counties of Lekefter and Derby*

CAP. XLVII.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads therein mentioned, lying in the counties of Derby, Leiceftef, and Warwick.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the roads from the town of Halifax, and from Sowerby Bridge, in the county of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Lktlcbtorough, in the county of Lancaster.

Anno tricesimo tertio Georgii II. c. 49, -59. [1760.

CAP. XLIX.

An act to amend an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for making the river Weaver navigable from Frodiham Bridge to Winsford Bridge, in the county of Chester $ and for the more effectual preserving and improving the navigation of the said river.

CAP. L.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several rOacfs leading from the market house in the town of Kidderminster, in the county of Worcester.

CAP. LI.

An act for repairing and widening the road, < from the bars at Boughton, within the liberties of the city of Chester, to Whitchurch $ and from thence to Newport in the county of Salop, to Ivetfey Bank, in the county of Stafford; and from thence to Cattle Bromwich, and Stone Bridge, in the paritti ot Hampton on Arden, in the county of Warwick} and from Cattle Bromwich to Birmingham in the same county, '

CAP. LU.

An act for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging, the bridge over the river Avon, in the city of Brittol. and erecting a temporary bridge adjoining; and for widening the ttreets, lanes, ways, and pastages, leading thereto, and for building another bridge, over come other part of the said river, within the said city, if necessary j and for opening proper ways and passages thereto.

CAP. Lin.

An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one firth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale, porter, or beer, brewed for ialef Or vended, within the town and paritti of Dalkeith.

CAP. LIV.

An act for raising money for fimshing* and compleating the repair of Leeds Bridge, in the county of York, and for the purchasing.and taking down the houses and buildings, which straiten and obstruct the passage to and over the said bridge.

CAP. LV.

An act for amending and widening the road, from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the south side of Wortley, in the county of York, where it joins the turnpike road, leading from Rotherham to Manchester.

CAP. LVI.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Deanbum Bridge, through Greenlaw, and part of the Jedburgh road, by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to Cordhill in the county of Durham j and for building a bridge over the Tweed, near Coldftrearri.

CAP. LVII.

An act for the amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the thirty nine mile ttone, at the upper end of Stone Street, in the town of Maiattone in the county of Kent, to a certain place called Tubb's Lake, in the parish of Cranbrooke, in the said county.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for repairing the roads from the town of Brecon, to the parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the county of Hereford, and for, building a bridge over the river Wye, at Bredwardine Passage, in the same county.

---

CAP. LIX.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads, leading to the borough of Launceston, in the county of Cornwall.

