THE

Statutes at large,

FROM THE

Ninth to the 15th Year of King George II.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES

during that Period.

VOL. XVII.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1765.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

A

TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all (uch Adis as are extant in print, from the Eighth to the Fourteenth Year of King George II.

Anno 9 Georgii II.

Cap. i.T?OR continuing the duties X1 upon malt, mum, cyder and perry in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix.

Cap. 2. To punilh mutiny and de-fertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix.

Cap. 4. To amend an aft pafled in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled,  An act to preferve and encourage the woollen and filk manufactures of this kingdom, and for more effectual employing the poor, by prohibiting the ufe and wear of all print-tedy painted, Jleinedy or dyed callieoes in apparely houjhold fluff, furniture9 er otherwifty after the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and twenty two (except as is therein excepted) lo far as relates to goods made of linen yarn, and cotton wool, manufaftured in Great Britain.

Cap. 5. To repeal the ftatutc made in the first year of the reign of King James the First, intituled. An Vol. XVII,

aft againjl conjuration witchcraft and dealing with evil and wicked jpi-ritSy except fo much thereof as repeals an aft of the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabethy A-gainfi conjurationSy enchantmentSy and witchcraftSy and to repeal an aft pafled in the parliament of Scotland in the ninth parliament of Queen Maryy intituled, Anentis witchcraftSy and for puniftiing such persons as pretend to exercife or ufe any kind of witchcraft, forcery, inchantment, or conjuration.

Cap. 6. To indemnify persons who have omitted to read the prayers, and make and fubferibe the declarations direfted to be read* made, and fubferibed by the aft of uniformity of the thirteenth and four* teenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for doing thereof.

Cap. 7. To explain and amend an aft palled in the first year of the reign of his present majesty, intituled, An aft fcf repairing and enlarging the read leai:ng from the houfe called The fign of the Bells, in the parijh of Saint Margaret in Roche-fter, to Maidflone, and other roads therein mentioned in the county of Kent.

Cap. 8. For the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the parifti of Saint Martin in the Fieldsy within the liberties of the city of Wejiminjler. a	Cap.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 9. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft paffed in the eleventh year of his late Majesty King George the First, intitulea.  An act for repairing and amending , the road from Bigglefwade in the county of Bedford, to Bugden* and through Alconberry to the top of Al-conberr^ Hill, orcrofspofi, leading into Sautery Lane, on the York and Edinburgh road, and fom the faid town of Bugden to the town of ’ Huntingdon, and from Crofs Hall in Eaton Soken in the faid county of Bedford, to Great Stoughton Common in the faid county of Huntingdon.

Cap. jo. For repairing and widening the road leading from Saint Dun-jlan'i Croft near the city of Canter-bury, to the water-fide at Whitjla-ble in the county of Kent.

Cap. 11. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft palled in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled.  An act for repairing the road from Beconsfield in the county Bucks, to Stoken Church in the county of Oxon.

Cap. ta. To enable the juftices of the peace, afting for the weftern divifion of the county of Kent> to purchafe a convenient piece of ground for building a gaol for the faid county, and for impowering the faid juftices to apply part of the county flock of the laid divifion towards the fame.

Cap. 13. For the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the parilh of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the liberties of the city of JVejlminfler.

Cap. 14. For repairing the roads leading from Henley Bridge in the county of Oxford to Dorchefter Bridge, and from thence to Culmm Bridge, and to a place called Mile Stone in the road leading to Magdalene Bridge inwthc faid county.

Cap. 15. For enabling the mayor, bailiffs, and burgeffes of the borough of New Windfor in the county of Berks, to repair and maintain their great bridge over the river of Thames,znd the way thereon Reading from the faid borough of New fVitd-for to Eton in the county of Bucks.

Cap. 16. For continuing the term and powers granted by an aft paffed in the fourth year of the reign of his late maiefty King George the First, intituled.  An act for repairing the highways from Crown Comer in tlje town of Read-ing (leading by and through the fevered parijhes of Shinfield and Heck-field, in the jfeverel counties of Berks, Wilts, ana Southampton; to Ba-fingftoke in the faid county of Southampton.

Cap. 17. For the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the panlhes of Saint Margaret, and Saint John the Evangelijl, within thecity’and liberty o ilVeJlminJler.

Cap. 18. For reviving and continuing the afts therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending a claufe in an act made in the first year of the reign of his late maje-fty King George the First, intituled.  An act for making the laws for repairing the highways more ejfeftud, relating to the appointing Icaveng-ers in cities and market towns, and the ordering the affeffments for the repairing and cleanfing the ftreets therein.

Cap. 19, For the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the parish of Saint Anne, within the liberties of the city of IVeJl-minfler.

Cap. 20. For the better enlightning of the ftreets of the city of London.

Cap. 21. For repairing the highways from Sunning Lane End next Twy-ford, to the Old Bear Inn in Reading in the county of Berks.

Cap. 22. For rebuilding the parish church of Gainjburgb in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 23. For laying a duty upon the retalers of spirituous liquors, and for licensing the retailers thereof.

Cap. 24. For exhibiting i bill in this present parliament for naturalizing; her royal highnefs the princefs of Wales.

Cap. 25. For more equal paying and better collecting certain fmall fums for relief of (hipWrecked mariners, and diftrefled persons, his  Majesty’s fubjeCts, in the ports of Cadiz, and port Saint Mary’s in the kingdom of Spain, and for other ufes, ufual-ly contributed to by the merchants trading to the faid ports.

Cap. 26. For indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify them-felves for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpofej and for amending fo much of an aCt palled in the fecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, as requires persons to qualify them-felves for offices before the end of the next term or quarter feflions; and also for enlarging the time limited by law for making and fub-fcribing the .declaration against tranfubflantiation; and for allowing further time for inrolmcnt of deeds and wills made by papifts $ and ior relief of proteftant pur-chafers, devifees, and leflees.

Cap. 2^. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny Sterling, upon every Scots pint* of ale and beer brewed, or brought into, and fold within the town of Irvine, and liberties thereof: and for laying a duty of one penny Sterling upon every ton, or ten horfe loads of coals, carried to the harbour of the faid town, and (hipped there for tranfportation.

Cap. 28. For naturalizing her royal nighnefs the princefs o f Wales.

Cap. 29. For budding a bridge crofs

the river Thames, from the Uevo Palace Yard in the city of Wejimin-fter, to the oppofite (bore in tbd county of Surrey.

Cap. 30. To prevent the lifting his  Majesty’s fubje<fts to serve as fol-diers without his  Majesty’s licence.

Cap. 31. For continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth of a penny Sterling, on every pint of ale and beer, that shall be vended or fold within the city of Gla/gow, and for extending the fame over the villages of Gorbells and Port Gla/gow, and privileges thereof, for the benefit of the laid city and villages.

Cap. 32. For continuing for the pur-poles therein mentioned, the additional duties upon ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, laid by an adl pafted in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First.

Cap. 33. To render the law more effectual for preventing the importation of frdh filh taken by foreigners, and to explain fo much of an adt made in the thirteenth and fourteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to (hips exporting filh to the porta of the Mediterranean Sea, and for the better preservation of the fry of lobfters on the coaft of Scotland.

Cap. 34. For enabling his Majesty to borrow any fum or fums of money not exceeding fix hundred thou-fand pounds, to be charged upon the furplufles, exceffes, or overplus monies, commonly called Thefinking /irredeemable byparliament, and for the further dilpofition of the (aid fund, by paying off one million of South Sea annuities, and for appropriatingthe fupplies granted in this felfion of parliament.

Cap. 35. For indemnifying persons who have been guilty of offences against the laws made for fecuring the revenues of customs and ex-a 2	cife



A TABLE of the tlfe* ahd for enforcing thofe laws for the future.

Cap. 36* To reftrain the difpofitions of lands, whereby the fame become unalienable.

Cap. 37. For further encouraging and regulating the manufafture of Britijh fail cloth, and for the rpore effectual fecuring the duties now payable on foreign fail cloth imported into this kingdom.

Cap. 38. To explain and amend fo much of an act made in the fecond year of his present Maiefty’s reign, intituled.  An act for the more effectual preventing bribery and corruption in the eleftions of members to serve in parliament, as relates to the commencing and carrying on of profe-cutions grounded upon the faid aft.

Cap. 3Q. For making more effeftua! two afts of parliament, one of the tenth year ot the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne*, and the other of the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the road from Highgate Gatehoufe in the county of Middlesexy to Barnet Block-houfe in the county of Hertfordand the road from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the Angel in Enfield Cbace\ and for amending Cane-wood Lane, leading from Highgate to Hampjlead in the faid county of Middlesex.

Private Alls.

Anno 9 Georgii II.

I.	 An act to enable John Harrifonan infant, now called John Newport, and the heirs of his body, to take and ufe the furname of Newport>

Ijurfuant to the direftion of Henry ate earl of Bradford deceafed.

2.	 An act for naturalizing Peter Cal-lifieSy Zachary Cahuacy and others.

3.	 An act to enable Bartholomew Richard . Barneby efquire, otherwise

STATUTES.

Lutleyy and the iflue of his body, to take upon him and them the fur-name of Barneby, purfuant to the will of John Barneby efquire, deceafed.

4.	 An act for naturalizing Henry Lys and Frederick Ludovick Metzner.

5.	 An act for fettling the estate of William late earl Cowper deceafed, to the ufes and for the purposes mentioned in certain articles of agreement, made between William now earl Cowper, and his brother, and the iflue of Spencer Cowper efquire, deceafed.

6.	 An act to enable Harry earl of Stamford, and Harry Gray efquire, commonly called lord Gray, fon and heir apparent of the faid earl, to make a fettlement upon the marriage of the faid lord Grayy notwith-ftanding his infancy.

7.	 An act for impowering the truftees named in the will of Thomas late earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, to lay out the refidue of his per-fonal estate in the purchafe of luch lands and hereditaments, as in this aft are mentioned.

8.	 An act for difeharging the estate purchafed by the truftees of Charles Cavcndijh elquire, commonly called lord Charles Cavendifby from the trufts of his fettlement, and for enabling the faid truftees to fell and difpofe of the fame, for the purposes therein mentioned.

9.	 An act for exchanging of lands between Sir John AJlley baronet, and the prefident and fellows of Queen’s College in Cambridge.

10.	 An act to enable the dean and chapter of Saint Peter1s, Wejlmin-fiery to convey a piece of ground with three houfes thereon, at Knight(bridge^ to a truftee, for the contributors to Saint George's hof-pital, and their fucceflors.

11.	 An act for making effeftual articles of agreement, touching the e-ftates late of Roger Nowell the elder,

of



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of Read in the county of Lancajler> efquire, and Roger Nowell his fon, tying in the fame county and in the county of Torky and vefting the faid estates in truftees, to be fold for the payment of debrs, and other purposes therein mentioned.

12.	An adt for fale of an undivided fourth part of the manor of Plump-ton, and certain lands and hereditaments in the county of Suffix, the estate of Elizabeth Shore and her daughters, and for vefting the money arifing thereby in truftees for the fame ufes, to which the faid estate now ftands fettled.

13.	An adt for vacating the grants and fettlements of certain manors, lands, and tenements, made by George Parker efquire, upon the marriage of Francis his fon with Jaquete his now wife, and for fettling other lands inftead thereof.

14.	An adt for vefting the eqOity of redemption of all the lands of inheritance and leasehold eftates, late of Charles Bentley efquire, de-ceafed, lying in the county of Wor-cejler, in truftees, to be fold for payment of his debts, and making fome provifion for Penelope his widow, and Charles and Penelope infants, his fon and daughter,

15.	An adt for vefting the estate of IVilliam Gee efquire, in truftees, to fettle the fame, purfuant to an a-

. greement made previous to his marriage with Elizabeth his wife, daughter of Roger Talbot efquire.

16.	An adt for explaining the will of Jofepb Banks efquire, deceafed, and for impowering fevcral persons, claiming under the faid will, to make jointures and leafes, in such manner as is therein mentioned.

17.	An adt for inclofing and dividing the common field called Aldermin-

Jler common field, common pastures, and other common grounds, in the parish of Alderminjler in the county of Wortejler.

18.	An adt for dividing and inclofing the common field and plots of commonable lands, and for (tinting the common or heath in the manor

. of Ixwortb within the parish of /*-worth in the county of Suffolk.

19.	An adt for dividing and inclofing certain commons and wafte grounds called Stankham and Soldridge commons in thfe parish of Old Alresford in the county of Southampton.

20.	An adt to enable Charles Herbert efquire, now called Charles Sheffield, and his ifiue, to take and ufe the furname of Sheffield, purfuant to the will of John late duke of Buck-ingbamjbire and Normanby, deceafed.

21.	An adt to enable Reginal Lygon efquire, otherwise Pyndar, and the heirs male of his body, to take upon him and them the furname and arms of Lygon, purfuant to the

. fettlement of William Lygon efquire, deceafed.

22- An adt to enable William Berkeley efquire, now called William Portman, and his iflue male, to take and ufe the furname of Portman only.

23.	An adt to enable Robert Kendalls efquire, now called Robert Cater, and his ifiue, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Cater.

24.	An adt to enable John Shales, commonly called John Barrington, and the heirs of His body, to take and ufe the furname of Barrington, purfuant to a fettlement made by Sir Charles Barrington baronet, deceafed.

25.	An adt to enable George AUgood efquire, lately called George Smithy and the heirs male of his body, to take and ufe the furname of Allgood only, purfuant to the will of George Allgood gentleman, deceafed.

26.	An all to enable Robert Phillips efquire, and his ifiue male, to take and ufe the furname of Lee, purfuant to the will of Robert Lee e-fquirc, deceafed.

23	27. An



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

27.	 An act to enable John Gilbert e-fquire, and the heirs male of his body, to take and ufe the fumame and arms of Cooper, purfuant to the will of John Cooper of Thurgarton, efquire, deceafed.

38.  An act to enable John Sinclair, eldeft fon of Henry late lord Sinclair deceafed, to fue or maintain any aftion or fuit, notwithdanding his attainder, and to remove any difa-brlity ip him, by reason of his faid attainder, to take or inherit any real or perfonal edate, that may or shall hereafter defcend or come to him.

29.	 An act to enable William Murray to fue or maintain any aftion or fait, notwithdanding his attainder, and to remove any difability in him, by reason of his faid attainder, to take or inherit any real or perfonal edate, that may have descended or come to him fince his Jate  Majesty’s mod gracious pardon, dated the twentieth day of July, in the seventh year of his reign, or that shall hereafter defcend or come to him.

30.	 An act for naturalizing Friederich Feltbufen.

31.	A*\ aft for making effeftual what has been agreed been Alan lord vif-count Mialeton in the kingdom of Ireland, and his four nieces; and for the fecuring the payment of ten thousand pounds agreed to be paid them; and to enable him to make good the agreements in his rparriage articles.

32.	An, aft t0 enable John Freeman efquire, heretofore called John Cooke, and his heirs, to take and ufe the furname of Freeman, purfuant to the will of William Freeman efquire, deceafed; and also to im-power the faid John Freeman, and others, to make leafes of the edates devifed by the faid will.

33.	 An act to enable the guardians and trudees of Samuel Put an in-

fant to compound with Samuel Piet merchant, for a sum of money decreed to the faid infant by the court of Chancery.

34.	 An act for fale of part of the e-date late of Thomas Faux, efquire, deceafed, for difeharging his debts and incumbrances.

35.	 An act for inclofing and dividing the common fields and common grounds in the parish of Wejl Stafford turn Froom Bellett in the county of Dorfet.

36.	 An act for vefting in John Sallom gentleman, and his heirs, a reversion in fee of lands and hereditaments therein mentioned, in the county of Lancajltr, forfeited by Gabriel Hejkethy attainted of high treafon.

37.	 An act to enable the commiflion* ers of the treafury or the lord high treafurer for the time being, to compound with Edward Randolph late of London merchant, and his fureties, a debt due to the crown for cudoms for tobacco/

38.	 An act for naturalizing David Purry and John Anthony Merle.

39.	 An act for naturalizing John Reej/en.

Anno 10 Georgii II.

Cap. 1. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majeily certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven.

Cap. 2. For punishing mutiny anc} desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to hi$ Majesty by a land tax to te rarfed in Great Britain, for the  service of

the



A TABLE of the STATUTES,

the year me tlioufimd seven hun-dr ed and thirty feven. ap. 4. For continuing an act palled in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King the First, intituled. Am o(l f laying a duty tf turn pennies Scot*, tr tne fueth part tf a penny	Jltrling, every pint

tf ale erbeer that	be vended tr

fold within the town tf Dunbar, improving and preferring tbe	,

and repairing the town , and building a febool, and other buildings there, and for fuppfying the jaid town with	frefr .

Cap. 5. For enlarging the term granted by an ad palled in tbe twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King	Georg the First, in-

tituled, Am aft for repairing roads therein mentioned, leading into tbe eity of Worcefterj and for repairing several other roads, lying contiguous to the lame; andVor reducing the toll or duties granted 00 (beep and lambs by tbe laid aft.

Cap. 6. For the better repairing and paving the highways, ftreets and watercourfes within the city of New Sana, and far eniightning the ftreets, lanes, and paflages, and better regulating the nightly watch within the faid city.

Cap. 7- For contininag an aft pafled in the third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For laying aduty of two pennies Scots, or one fueth part of a penny flerling* on every thu of ale or beer that Jhall ho vended or fold within the town of Damfreis, and privileges thereof for paying the debts of the faid town, and for building a cbtereb* and making a harbour there 1 and for laying a duty on the tonnage of (hipping, and a duty on goods imported and exported into and out of the port of the faid town, for the better re* pairing the (aid harbour.

Cap. 9. To make perpetual an aft mado i* the feremh year pf the

reign his pre/ent Majesty, intituled. An at? to prevent the infamous frac* ties of flock-jobbing.

Cap. 9. For making navigable the river or brook called Worfley Brook, from H&rjley Mill, in the town (hip of Worfley, in the county palatine of Lancafler, to the river Irwell in the faid county.

Cap. io. To impower the iuftices of the peace for the county of Bucks* to raife money to difeharge the debts incurred on account of build* ing a gaol and court rooms, and for 6ni(hing the fame for the ufe of the county.

Cap. n# For making more effeftual two afts of parliament, one of the fixth year ot the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne* and the other of the eleventh year of the reign of < his late maiefty King George* For repair'tng the highways from Old Stratford in the county ^Northampton, to Dunchurch in the eounty of Warwick.

Cup. 12. For repairing the road frotrf Hertford Bridge Hill* to the town of Bafingfloke* and also the road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid, to the town of Odiham in theoounty of Southampton.

Cap. 13.. For indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify them-felvesfor offices, or totakethe oaths required within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for thofe purpofes.

Cap. 14. For collefting at the port of Leghorn certain ftnall Turns of money, to which the merchants trading there have ufually contributed, for the relief of (hipwreck-ed mariners, captives, and other diftrefled persons, his  Majesty’s fubjefts, and for other charitable and publiek ufes.

Cap. 15, To enable the present and jfoture proprietors and inhabitants of the houles in Red lion Square* in the couaty of Middlefetf to make a p 4	rate

 k^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

rate on themfelves, for railing money fufficie nt to indofe, pave, watch, clean, and adorn the laid fquare.

Cap. 16. For explaining and amending an a dt paffed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aftfor building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from the New Palace Yard in the city of Westminster, to the oppofite Jbore in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 17. For repealing the present duty on fweets, and for granting a lefs duty thereupon; and for explaining and enforcing the execution of an ait paffed in the ninth year of his present  Majesty’s reign, intituled.  An act for laying a duty upon the retalers offpirituous liquors, cud for ticenfing the retalers thereof and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise deftroyed.

Cap. 18. For rebuilding the church of the parifti of Saint Olave, in the city of London, and in the borough of Southwark* in the county of Surry. Cap. 19. For the more effectual preventing the unlawful playing of interludes within the precindts of the two univerGties, in that part of Great Britain called England, and the places adjacent, and for explaining and amending lb much of an adt paffed iri the laft feflion of parliament, intituled,  An act for . laying a duty upon the retalers of Jpi-rituous liquors, and for lie enpng the retalers thereof as may affedt the privilege of the faid univerfities, with refpedl to licenfing taverns, and all other publick houfes within the precin<fts of the fame.

Cap. 20. To enable the magiftrates and town council of the burgh of Lanark, to repair and maintain their bridge over the river Clyd at Clyd/bolm, in the (hire of Lanark.

Cap. 2i» For making the chape! m the hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate, in the parifti of TowceJlery in the county of Northampton, a parifti churcn, and for appointing a di-ftrift or parifti thereto, and for enabling the mafter of the free grammar fchool within the faid hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate to be vicar of the faid parifti church.

Cap. 22. For the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the city of London, and liberties thereof; and for making more effectual the laws now in being, for paving and cleanfing the ftreets and fewers in and about the faid city.

Cap. 23. For explaining, and amending, and making more effedtual several a&s of parliament made in the fourth, fixth, and tenth years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, refpedtively, for repairing the several roads therein mentioned in the counties of Surry, Kent, and Suffix; and for enlargihg the terms and powers by the faid adts granted; and for repairing the road lying between Nonefucb and Worcejler parks, in the parifti of Cuddington, in the faid county of Surry.

Cap. 24. For enlarging the term and powers granted* by yi adt paffed in the ninth year of the reign of his , late Majesty King George the First, intituled.  An act for repairing and widening the road leading from the Black Bull Inn in Dunftable in the . county of Bedford, to the way turning out of the faid road up to Shafford Houfe in the county of Hertford; and for preventing the driving of cattle through private grounds and paf-fages, to ayoid the payment of the toll charged upon cattle by an adt of the first year of the reigh of his late majesty, and the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, For repairing the roads from South

Mims



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Mims to Saint Albans, in the jaid county of Hertford.

Cap. 25. For the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the liberty of Saffron Hill, Hat-ton Garden, and Ely Rents, in the parifti of Saint Andrew Hoiborn, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 26. For relief of infolvent debt-

ors.

Cap. %•]. For laying a duty upon apples imported from foreign parts; and for continuing an ad patted in the fourth year of the reign of his prefen^ Majesty, For granting an allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpowder; and for taking off the drawback upon exportation of foreign paper; and for the better fecuring the payment of the bounty on the exportation of British made fail-cloth; and for * giving further time for the payfnent of duties omitted to be paid lor the indentures and contrads of clerks and apprentices.

Cap. 28. To explain and amend fo much of an ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An alt for reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, Jlurdy beggars9 and vagrants, into one oft of parliament; and for the more effeftual punijhing fuchrogues, vagabonds, Jlurdy beggars, and vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be fent, as relates to common players of interludes.

Cap. 29. For enabling his Majesty ■ to fettle a revenue for fupporting the dignity of her royal highnefs the princefs, in cafe (he shall furvive his royal highnefs the prince of Wales, and for exempting such yearly fum or fums of money, as his Majesty hath granted, or shall grant to his faid royal highnefs from the payment of fees, taxes, and other charges whatsoever, and for enabling his faid royal highnefs to make lestfes of lands, parcel of

the dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the lame.

Cap. 30. For repealing the duties payable ad Valorem, upon foreign oyfters imported into this kingdom, and for laying another duty thereon.

Cap. 31. For regulating the company of watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen rowing on the river Thames, between Gravefend in the county of Kent, and Windfor in the county of Berks.

Cap. 32. For continuing an ad for the more effedual punithing wicked and evil difpofed persons, going armed in difguife, and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of his  Majesty’s fub-jeds, and for the more fpeedy bringing the offenders to juftice; and for continuing two claufes to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river or fea bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop-binds, contained in an ad pafled in the fixth year of his present  Majesty’s reign; and for the more effedual punishment of persons removing any materials ufed for fecuring marfh or fea walls, or banks, and of persons malici-oufly fetting on fire any mine, pit, or delph of coal, or cannel coal, and of persons unlawfully hunting or taking any red or fallow deer, in forefts or chafes, or beating or wounding keepers, or other officers, in forefts, chafes or parks; and for the more effedually fecuring the breed of wild-fowl.

Cap- 33. For making navigable the river Rodon, from a little below a mill called Barking Mil} in the county of Effex, to Tllford Bridge in the faid county.

Cap. 34. To difable Alexander Wilfon efquire, from taking, holding, or enjoying any office or place of ma-giftracy in the city of Edinburgh, or elfcwhere, in Great Britain j and

for

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES. '

foe impofmg a fine upon the corpo-

' ation of the faid city.

Cap. 35. For the inoreeffe<£tuaI bringing to juftice any persons concerned id the barbarous murder of captain John Portions, and pttniftung such as shall knowingly conceal any of the (aid offenders.

Cap. 36. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an ad pafied in the eighth year erf the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For repairing the highways from the fiones end at White Chapel Church in the county of Middlesex, to Shen-field, and to the furtbermojl part of the parijb of Woodford, leading to the town of E pping, in the county of Efiex ; and for repairing the ixod leading from the caufeway in the pafith of Low Layton (through tVanfteai) to the end of the parifil of Woodford next to the parifil of Cbigweu in the faid county of EJfex.

Cap. 37. To prevent the ad made in the twenty first year of the reign of King James the First, intituled. An all for limitation of aUions y and for avoiding fviUinlaw,being pleaded, infilled on, or taken advantage of, by any persons claiming under the will of Richard Norton efouire, of Soutbwicky deceafed, aeainftany claim, title, or demand, which Thomas Norton efquire, hath to or upon the manor of Old Alresford and lands in the county of Southampton, fettled by indenture of the fifth of March, one thousand fix hundred and fiftv feven, or the rents and profits thereof.

Private Afts.

Anno to Georgii II,

J. An act to enable Anthony James efquire, and his heir male, and other persons therein mentioned, to take and ufe the furname of Kecky pur-fuant to the will of Anthony Keck gentleman, deceafed,

2.	An a d for naturalising Jcfepb Pouihon.

3.	An act for naturalizing Nicholas Mqgens, John Timmerman,, Theodore Davel, and others.

4.	An act for fale of the capital raef-fuage of Gunnerjburyy and other lands and hereditaments, late the estate of Sir John Maynard knight, ferjeant at law, and for purchafing another estate to be fettled to the ufes of his will.

5.	An act for fale of a certain lifehold estate of Thomas Cook efiquire, in the county of Gloucejler, and fpr fettling feme freehold and copy-hold estates of inheritance of greater value to the feme ufes in lieu thereof.

6.	An act to enable the truftees and teftamentary guardians named in the will of Thomas Hejketb, late of Rufford in the county of Lancaftert efquire, deceafed, to perform the fame, and make leafes for lives in his fettled eftate, for paying his debts during his Ton’s minority, ini' eafe of an estate devifed by him to be fold.

7.	An act for inclofing and dividing certain common pafture grounds called Purton Common and Pjcrton Stoke Common, within the parifil of Purton otherwise Puritan, in the county of Wilts.

8.	An act for enabling Sir Jacob Des Bouverie baronet, and John Des Bouverie efquire, and their refpec-tive iflue, and Elizabeth Des Bou-veriey After of the faid John* to take and ufe the furname of Bou-verie% purfuant to the defire of Jacob Des Bouverie efquire, and Sir Chrijlopher Des Bouverie deceafed•

9.	An act to enable John Harvey efquire, now called John Thnrjbyy to take and ufe the fumarne and arms of Thur/byy in purfcance of dip will of William Thurjbyy efouire* deceafed.

10.	An sd to enable the truftees in

tbe

 CaOOQle

A TABLE of the

the laft will of Thoms fallow gentleman, deceafed, to fell the rectory impropriate of Berwick Saint Jams in the county of Wilts, for the payment of his debts.

II. An act to enable truftees, during the refpedive minorities of George Talbot efquire, and his younger brothers, to grant leafes of the estates of the (aid infants in the counties of Salop, Worcejter, Berks, Cbefter, Stafford, Oxford, and Wilts. n. An act for (ale of the manor and capital mediiage of Swallowfield, late the estate of Thomas Pitt cf-quire, deceafed, and for purchaf-ing another estate to be fettled to the ufes of his will.

13.	An act for naturalizing Godfrey Wichelhaufen, John Francis Noppe, John Stephen Maffon, Thomas Bar-baud, and John DiHman.

14.	An act for fale of part of the ef-tate of Daniel late earl of Winchtl-fea and Nottingham, deceafed, for payment of debts and incumbrances charged upon and afteding the fame, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

15.	An act for eftablithing and confirming a partition of the estates of Sir Robert Furneje baronet, de-cealed, among his three daughters and coheirs, and for fettling their

‘fcveral fpecifick (hares and allotments to such ufes as their several undivided third parts thereof ftood limited before (uch partition, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

16.	An act for inrolling of certain indentures of leafe and releafe, executed by Sir William Dudley and dame Elizabeth his wife, and for making the exemplification and attefted copies of such indentures, and also of an ad of parliament and certain articles of agreement therein referred to, evidence in aH courts of law and equity in Ireland.

17.	Ap ad for fale ot the .manor of

STATUTES.

Kippax in the county of York, part of the fettled estate of Sir Reginald Graham baronet, and for fettling his estates at Norton and Nunwick in the fame county, being of greater value, to the fame ufes, and for making a partition of the manor of PVhitwell between him and his brother Richard Graham efquire.

18.	An act to eftablifh an agreement made by the devifccs of Sir Samuel Ongley knight, deceafed, with Sir Roger Huifon knight, for the falo of two mefluages on the eaft fide of Bi/bopfgateJlreet in the city of London, and for the purchafe of two mefluages on the north fide of ThreadneedU Street in the faid city, with part of the money arifingfrom the faid fale, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

19.	An act for confirming an agreement between theredorof thepa-ri(h church of Saint Mary Woolnoth and of the united parifties of Saint Mary Weolnotb and Saint Mary Woolehurch in the city of London, and the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of the faid city, with the confent of the patron and ordinary, for .the grant of a parcel of ground therein mentioned lying in Stocks Market, to the faid mayor, com-? monalty, and citizens, in confide-? ration of a rent of ten pounds a year, payable to the faid redor and his fucceflors for ever.

20- An act to enable Peter Legh of Lyme, efquire, to revoke or alter fome of the ufes and estates ljmit-ed in a fettlement formerly made by him, and to impower certain tenants for life therein, to make jointures and provifion for daugh-r ters and younger fons in the lifetime of tne faid Peter Legh the elder, and with his confent.

21.	An act to enable Peter Shakerley, and George Shakerley, fons of George Shakerley, to make fuitable jointures for their wives * and provifion r for

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

. for their daughters and younger Tons out of the estates of the faid George Shaker ley the father, lying in the counties of Cbefhr and Lan-cajler.

22.	An act to enable the guardians of Anthony Langley Swymmer, anin-

.. fant, to join in making leafes of certain mines in the county of Flinty with the other owners thereof, during the minority of the faid infant.

23.	An act to veft the estates of Frederick Trench efquire, in the counties of Wejl Meath and Meath in the kingdom of Ireland, in truftees to raife money for the payment of debts, and after difcharging the faid debts, to the qfe of the faid Frederick Trench, and his heirs, and for refettljng other lands therein mentioned to the ufes of his marriage fettlement.

24.	An act for fale of part of the fettled estate of George Cary efquire, lying in the county of Devon, for difcharging Several debts and incumbrances of his late father and grandfather, and for fettling an estate in the county of Middlesex to the ufes of his marriage fettlement.

25.	An1 ad to enable George Seton of Barnes, to fue or maintain any action or fuit, notwithstanding his attainder, and to remove any difability in him, by reason of his faid attainder, to take or inherit any real or perfonal eftate, that may or lhall hereafter defcend or come to him.

26.	An act to enable James Rollo, only fon of Robert Rollo, late of Pow-hotife, deceafed, to fue or maintain any adion or fuit, notwithstanding his attainder, and to remove any difability in him, by reason of his faid attainder, to take or inherit any real or perfonal estate that may or shall hereafter defcend or come to him.

27.	An a & to enable Jordan Long-

dale of Cliff in the county of Tori,

- to fue or maintain any adion or fuit, notwithstanding his outlawry, and to remove any difability in him, by reason of his (aid outlawry, to take or inherit any real or perfonal estate that may or shall hereafter defcend or come to him, and also such real estate as he wa9 intitled unto in reverfion or remainder be-, fore his faid outlawry.

28.	An act for dividing and inclofing certain open and common fields within the lordfhip and parish of Stallingborough in the county of Lincoln.

29.	An act to enable Edward Mount-fort, and his iflue male by Mary his now wife, to take and ufe the furname of Grofvenor.

30.	An act for naturalizing Bartholomew Barratty, Bartholomew Gai/a-tin, Francis Perrier, and James holier.

'

Anno 11 Georgii II.

Cap. j. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the  service of the year . one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight.

Cap. 2. For punilhing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap.3. For repairing the road leading from the Trent Bridge in the county of t he town of Nottingham^ through Cojlock, otherwise Cortlingflock Lane, to the bridges, commonly known4 by the name of Cotes Bridges, in the county of Leicejier.

Cap. 4. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny ftcrling, upon every Scots

pint



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

pint of ale and beer which (hall.be brewed for fale, brought into, vended, rapped, or fold within the town of Aberbrothocl, and liberties thereof.

Cap. 5. For taking down and rebuilding the church of the parilh of All Saints in the city of IVorcefter. Cap. 6. For enlarging the term and powers granted by two ads of parliament, one of the third and the other of the tenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For repairing the highways fro>n that part cf Counters Bridge which lies in the pari/h of Kenfing-ton in the county of Middlesex, leading through the towns of Brentford and Hounflow, to the Powder Mills in the road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge in the faid county, in the road to Colnbrooke.

Cap. 7. For continuing the term and powers granted and given by the ads paifed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the third, and in the ninth and tenth days of the reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the harbour of Dover in the county of Kent 5 and for reftor-ing the harbour of Rye in the county of Suffex to its ancient good-nefs.

Cap. 8. For continuing the terms and powers granted and given by the ads pafled in the twelfth and thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King William, and the tenth year of her late Majesty Queen Anne^ For recovering, fe-curing^ and keeping in repair the harbour of Minehead in the county of Somerfet.

Cap. 9. For the relief of such prison-ers for debt as have by unavoidable accidents loft the benefit of an ad pafled in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, An afl for re-lief of infolvent debtors ; and for the indemnity of such (heriffs and gao-

lers as have incurred any penalties* on account of such prisoners not being discharged ; and for extending the benefit of the faid ad to creditors whofe debtors were committed to prison fince the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and were detained there upon the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, and have chofe to continue there.

Cap. 10. For enlarging the term and powers granted and given by an ad pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the roads from Lemsford Mill in the county of Hertford, to Welwyn, and from thence to Cory’s Mill, and from Welwyn through Codicot, to Hit-chen in the faid county; and also for repairing the roads from Cory’s Mill to Hitchen aforesaid.

Cap. 11. For allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papifts, and for relief of proteftant purchafers, devifees, and leflees.

Cap. 12. For continuing of an ad made in the fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

 An act for the better regulation of lafage and ballajlage in the river Thames.

Cap. 13. to enlarge the term and powers granted by an ad of parliament made and pafled in the third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled.  An act to enable the parijhioners of the parijh of Saint Mary Rotherhith in the county of Surrey, by certain funeral ratet therein mentioned, to finijh the faid parijh church $ and to enable the faid parishioners to raife such further fums of money as shall be ne-ceflary for purchafing a convenient piece of ground for an additional burying ground, and for other riie purposes therein mentioned.



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 14. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised , in Great Britain, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight.

Cap. 15. To empower the court of lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London to fet the price upon all coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the port of London from Newcajlle and the ports adjacent thereunto, for the space of one year ; and to oblige, for the term therein mentioned, fitters and others vending and loading (hips with fea coals at New-cqflle and the ports adjacent thereunto, to deliver such coals to any matters of (hips applying for the fame ; and vfor further obliging buyers and fellers of fea coals at Billingfgate or other place of, fale within the bills of mortality, to fign their contrads for coals; and for the admeafurement of all carriages what-fbeverufed in loading (hips with coals in the port of Newcajlle, and members thereunto belonging.

Cap. 16. For continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny fterling, on each pint of ale and beer that shall be vended or fold within the town of In-vernefs,and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the faid town, and other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 17. For fecuring the estates of papitts conforming to the protef-tant religion, against the difabili-ties created by (everal ads of parliament relating to papitts; and for rendering more effedual thefeveral ads of parliament made for vetting in the two univerfities in that part of Great Britain called England, the presentations of benefices belonging to papitts.

Cap. 18. To continue two several ads therein mentioned ; one for encouraging the growth of coffee

in his Majesty’s plantations in Akte* rica, and the other for the better fecuring and encouraging the trade of his  Majesty’s  sugar colonies in America.

Cap. 19. For the more effedual fecuring the payment of rents, and preventing frauds by tenants.

Cap. 20. For the more effedual fecuring the payments of certain Aims of money direded by an ad made in the forty third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An all for the relief of the poor, to be paid by the re(pe&ive treafurers of every county in England and Wales, for the relief of the poor prisoners in the King's Bench and Marjbalfea prisons.

Cap. 21. To empower the present truftees under the laft will and tef-tamentof John Marjhal gentleman, deceafed, to lay out a certain sum of money, now in their hands, for pulling down and rebuilding the parish church of Chrijl Church in the county of Surrey ; and for in-clofing a piece of ground lately pur-chafed for an additional cnurch yard to the faid church.

Cap. 22. For punilhing such perlons as shall do injuries and violences to the persons or properties of his  Majesty’s fubjeds, with intent to hinder the exportation of corn.

Cap. 23. To explain and amend an ad patted in the eighth year of his present  Majesty’s reign, intituled. An all for rebuilding the parijb church of Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the county 0/Middlefex.

Cap. 24. To amend an ad patted in the twelfth and thirteenth year of the reign of King William theThird, intituled. An ail for preventing any inconveniencies that may happen by privilege of parliament.

Cap. 25. For building a bridge crofs the river Thames from the Woolljla-pie, or thereabouts, in the parish of Saint Margaret in the city of Westminster, to the oppofite ihore in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 26. For enforcing the execution of an adt made in the ninth year of his present  Majesty’s reign, intituled, An off for laying a duty upon the retalers ofjpirituous liquors, and for licenfing the re talers there#.

Cap. 27. For granting to his Majesty the lum of two millions for the fcrvice of the year one thoufimd seven hundred and thirty eight; and for paying to the governor and company of die bank of England one million, for redeeming an annuity of forty thousand pounds payable to them j and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament.

Cap. 28. For the better regulating the manufatture of narrow woollen cloths in the IVeJl Riding of the county of York.

Cap. 29. For repairing the road from Shoreditch Church through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and crofs Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the turnpike at Mile End in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 30. For explaining and amending an adt of the eighth year of his present  Majesty’s reign, intituled.  An act for the application of the rents and profits of the efiates forfeited by the attainders of James late earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Rad-cliflfe.

Cap. 31. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices, or to read the prayers and make the declarations and iub-feriptions required within the ref-pe&ivc times limited by law ; and for allowing further time for thofe purpofes.

Cap. 32. For enlarging the time granted by an adt pafted in the third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled,  An act for enlarging the time granted by an aft pajfed in the eighth year of the

reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled.  An act for making q convenient dock or bafon at Liverpool, for the femrity of ill Jhips trading to andfrom the faidport of Liverpool, and for enlarging the fame, by making an additional dock, and building a pier in the open harbour there; and for enlightening the faid dock.

Cap. 33. For repairing the roads from the town of Loughborough in the county of Leicejler to the town of Derby in the county of Derby, and from the faid town of Derby, to the town of Braffington in the faid county of Derby, and from the faid town of Derby, through the town of AJhbome in the faid county of Derby, to Hurdloe Houfe in the pa-riftipf Hartington in the faid county.

Cap. 34 For the effedtual draining and jprefervation of certain fens called dawdle Fen, Waterden, and Redmoor, and one piece of fen ground called The Holts in the lfi$ of Ely in the county of Cambridge.

Cap. 35. For the better enlighteninc; the ppen places, ftreets, lanes, pal-fages, and courts, and for the better regulatingthe nightly watch and bedels within the parish of Chrijl Church in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 36. For enlarging the terms and powers granted by two a<fte of parliament, one of the fourth, and the other of the fixth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the firft, for the repairing the roads from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the parish of Saint George in Southwark in the county of Surrey (leading to the Lime Kilns in Eajl Greenwich) to the first Mill Pond at South End, in the parish of Lewijham in the county of Kent 1 and for amending the road from Wejlminjler Ferry at Lambeth in the laid county of Surrey, to New Crofs in Deptford in the faid county of Kent j and for amending and male-

2



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ing the faid a Sts more effectual; and for amending the roads from the Lime Kilns aforesaid to the town of Dartford in the faid county ; and from a place called Saint Thomas a Waterings, in the faid parish of Saint George, to the Stones End in Bermondfey Street in the faid county of Surrey.

Cap. 37 For enlarging the term and powers granted in and by an a St made in the tenth year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, For enlarging, amending, and maintaining the road between Northfleet, Gravefend, and Rochefter, in the county of Kent; and also another alt made in the eleventh year of his late maiefty King George the First, For enlarging the term granted by the faidformer ably and for other purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending the faid alts; and also for repairing the highway from Northfleet aforesaid to Dartford in the faid countv.

Cap. 38. For verting the real and per-fonal estate of Hugh Nai/ht(quire, who was late a prisoner in his Ma-jefty’s prison of the Fleet, and ef-caped out of the fame, in truftees for the benefit of his-creditors.

Cap. 39. To enable the adventurers, owners, and proprietors of the taxable lands, and the owners and proprietors of the free lands in Deeping Fens, and other fens in the county of Lincoln therein mentioned, to raife a competent sum of money for the effeltual draining and future preservation of all the faid fens, according to their agreement in that behalf, and to carry the faid agreement into execution, and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

Private Afis.

Anno 11 Georgii II.

X. An all for naturalizing Abraham Blydejleyn*

2.	An alt for verting the manor of Goldborn, part of the fettled estate of William duke of Devonjhirey in the county of Lancajlery in the faid duke and his heirs, and for fettling the manor of Blackballin the county of Derby in lieu thereof, to the like ufes.

3.	An alt for verting divers lands and hereditaments in the counties of Kenty Sujfexy EjfeXy Hereford, and Monmouth, and the city of London, entailed by the will of Elizabeth late dutchefs of Bedford, in John duke of Bedford in tee fimple, and for fettling other estates in the counties of Bucks and Hertford of greater value to the like ufes, in lieu thereof.

4.	An alt for verting certain lands and hereditaments in the kingdom of Irelandy part of the fettled ertate of Richard earl of Burlington and Corkey in truftees to be fold for payment of debts, and for fettling other lands and hereditaments of greater value to the fame ufes.

5.	An alt for explaining and amending a certain truft and power, contained in the fettlement made on the marriage of Richard lord vif-count Molineux of the kingdom of Irelandy with Mary lady Molineux his now wife, for railing portions for the daughters of the faid marriage, and for the better afeertain-ing and more effeltually fecuring the faid jJortions.

6.	An alt to diflolve the marriage of Sir William Morice baronet, with lady Lucy IFharton, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

7.	An alt to enable Sir Bryan Broughton baronet, an infant, to enter into marriage articles, notwithftand-ing his infancy.

8.	An alt for exchanging part of the glebe lands and hereditaments belonging to the reftor of Stratford Toney in the county of Wilts, for

other

k

A TABLE of the STATUTES

other lands belonging to the lord of the manor.

9.	An act to enable truftees to grant building leafes of certain meffuages in the parilhes of Saint Martins in the Fields and Saint Clement Danes in the county of Middlesex, late the estate of Henry May efquire de-ceafed.

10.	An act for confirming the fale of the leafehold estate late of Barnaby Coles gentleman, deceafed, and for veiling his freehold estates in truftees, to be fold for payment of his debts.

11.	An act to enable the guardian of Amy Symes and Catharine Symes^ infants, to join in making leafes of lands in the counties of Somerfet and Devon with the other owners thereof, during the minority of the (aid infants.

12.	An act for confirming and efta-blilhing an agreement between William Studholm gentleman, and Cuthbert Hodgfon gentleman, in relation to the will and estate of Mi-ibael Studholm efquire deceafed

13.	An act for fale of part of the estate late of Robert Packer efquire, deceafed, in the county of Berksy for difchargingincumbrances thereupon.

24. An act for veiling certain mills, lands, and hereditaments in the parilhes of Ware and Great Amwcll in the county of Hertford (being part of the estate of Thomas Plum-mer Byde efquire, an infant, and comprized in his grandfather’s marriage fettlement) in the governor and company of the New Ri^ ver brought from Chadwell and Amwell to London, and their fuc-ceflors, and for fecuring a perpetual rent charge in lieu thereof, for the benefit of the persons claiming under the faid fettlement.

15. An act for enabling John Sowton to make a leafe or leafes of certain mefludges and tenements, and a

vol. xvin.

wharf therein mentioned, fituate in the parilh of St. Andrew Ward-robe in the city of London.

16. An act to enable Dorothea Clark to fell lands in the county of Dum-freisy for payment of debts charged thereupon, and to purchafe other lands to be fettled to the fame ufes, as the estate to be fold i$ fettled.

Cap. 17. An act to enable John Nairn to fue or maintain any adion or fuit, notwithstanding his attainder ; and to remove any difability in him by reason of his faid attainder, to take or inherit any real or perfonal estate that may or lhall hereafter defeend or come to him.

18.	An act to enable William Doug-lasy eldeft lawful fon to Sir Robert Douglas of Glenbervie, baronet, to fue or maintain any adion or fuit, notwithstanding his attainder ; and to remove any difability in him, by reason of his faid attainder, to take or inherit any real or perfonal estate that may have defeended or come to him fince his late  Majesty’s moll gracious pardon, dated the fixth dav of February, in the fixth year ot his reign, or that shall hereafter defeend or come to him.

19.	An act for reducing the Hint of the horie and bead paftures and (beep commons within the manor town and parilh of Cajtle Donning-ton in the county of Leicejler.

20.	An act for inclofing and dividing the common fields, waftes, ana uninclofed grounds within the manor, townlhip, or hamlet of AJh~ enden in the county of Bucks, and for the making elfedual certain exchanges therein mentioned.

21.	An act for inclofing and dividing the common mead or moor, called Speen Mead or Speen Moor in the county of Berks.

22.	An act for inclofing and dividing .the common fields and common grounds in the manor and parilh

 LnOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

. of Binbroke in the county of Lincoln.

23  An act to enable William Maf-fmgberd efquire, heretofore-called William Meux, and the heirs male of his bodv, to take and ufe the furname or Majfingb/rd\ purfuant to a fettlement made by Sir William Majfingberd baronet, deceafed.

24.	 An act to enable Thomas May efquire, and -his fons, and the heirs male of their bodies, to take and ufe the furname of Knight, purfuant to the will of Elizabeth Knight deceafed.

25.	 An act fornaturalizing Juf-tin Bruningk, Peter Untzelfman, Henry K/encke, and others.

2.6.  An act for naturalizing Philip Rigail.

27*  An act to naturalize Herman Bernard and John Bofquain.

28*  An act to naturalize Frederick Van-der Meulen.

Anno 12 Georgii II. «

Cap. 1. For continuing theduties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine.

‘Cap. 2. For punishing mutiny and desertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine.

Cap. 4. To enable the inhabitants of ' the parish of Saint Nicholas in the city of Worafter, to raifemonevfor difcharging the debts they fiave contrafted in rebuilding their pa-rilb church.

6 -

Cap. 5. To continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of money.

Cap. 6. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify thcmfelves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing farther time for that purpofe.

Cap?7. To enable the parilhioners of the parish of Ealing in the county of Middlefcx, to raife money by rates upon themfeives, for finifh-ing the church of the faid parish.

Cap. 8. For repairing the road between Stamford and Grantham in the county of Uncoin.

Cap. 9. For applying a sum of money, given by the will of Daniel JVifeman efquire, deceafed, for finishing the new church at Woolwich in the county of Kent $ and for railing an annuity by an aflefT-ment on the parish of Woolwich, during the lives of Mary Wifeman and Elizabeth Crouch, and the life s>( the furvivor of them, purfuant to the faid will.

Cap. 10. For repairing the roads from the north-weft parts of the county of Lincoln, through Nettlam-fields, WragbyAane, and Baumber-fields, to the Wolds or north-eaft part of the faid county.

Cap. 11. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft pafled in the fixth year, of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Fyfield in the county of Berks, to Saint John's Bridge in the county of Gloucefter ; and for repairing the roads from an inn called The Hinds Head in the parish of Kingflon Bagpuze in the faid county of Berks, to that part of Newbridge which (lands in the faid county of Berks.

Cap. 12. For repairing the roads from Bakewell to Chefterfield in the county of Derby, and from Chefterfield to Workfopp in the county of Not-

*	tinghaWj



A TABLE of the STATUTES

t'mgbam, and from Chefterficld to

•	the place where the northern road meets the Cheftcrfield road, which leads to Mamfield in the faid county of Nottingham.

Cap. 13, For continuing the ad made in the eighth year of the reign of her later Majesty Queen Anne, to regulate the price and affizc of bread $ and for continuing, explaining, and amending the act macfcin the fecond year of the reign

•	f( bis present Majesty, for the better regulation of attomics and foli* citors.

Cap. 14. For allowing further time tor infolment of deeds and will*

. made by papifts, and for relief of proteftant purchafers, devifees, and

•	leflfees.	>

15. To enable his Majesty to

tie an annuity of fifteen thou-

•	(mi pounds on his royal highoefs ‘ the duke of Cumberland* and the

heirs of hts body, and aifo one ether annuity of twenty four thousand pounds onWtheir royal high-ne fifes the princefs Amalie, the pritf-cefs Caroline, the princefs Aiaryu and the princefs Lovifa.

Gap. ii6* For enlarging the term and' powers granted by an adpaffed in ♦he first year of the reign of his present Majesty, Intituled, An afi for repairing the r odd from the Pbw- * tier Mills on Hounflow Heath in the county of Middlesex, tea place called Bafingftone, near the fowri of - ftagihotmrtrptfr^^Windlefham in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 17. To enable the parilhioners of the partfh of Saint Catharine Coleman'in Fer.church Street, in* the city of London, to rebuild the church of the faid parilh.

Cap. 18. For repairing the road or highway from the Dun Cow in the town of Duncburch, through the 1 parilh of &ilton over Dunfmore Heath, to the town of Hill Morton

•	*#it the xounty of Warwick 3 and

, from thence through the fpveral . parishes of Creek, Weft Ha id onf and Eaft Haddon, in the county of Northampton, to Saint James's End in the parilh of Dufion in the faid county of Northampton.

Cap. 19. For granting to his Majesty the sum of five hundred thousand pounds out of the finking fund, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raifethe further fum of five hundred thou-fand pounds out of the growing produce of the faid fund ; and for the further appropriating the fup-

Elies granted in this fefiion of par-ament ; and for giving time for the payment of duties omitted to bis paid for the indentures and contradsof clerks and apprentices. Cap. 20. For enlarging the term and * powers granted by two ads of par-> Jiaoient, one made in the fixth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Acme, and the other in * the seventh year of the reign of his iate Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging * the highways between the top of - Kingfdown Hill and the city of * Bath ; and for amending fevcral other highways leading to the laid - city; and for cleanfing, paving, and enlightening the ftreets, and * regulating the chairmen there 5 and for keeping a regular nightly watch within the faid city and !&■ berries thereof.

Cap. ai. For taking off the duties upon woollen and bay yam, imported from Ireland to England, and for the more cffedual preventing the exportation of wooll from Great Britain, and of wooll, and wooll manufactured, from Ireland to foreign parts.

Cap. 22. To redify a miftake m an ad made in the fixth year of the - reign of hislate Majesty King George for preventing frauds and abufes b 2	in



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in the publick revenues of excife, cuftoms, (lamp duties, poft-office, and houfe-money, relating to the condition of bonds taken from mailers of (hips; and to indemnify persons who have adied under the faid miftake ; and alfoto obviate a doubt which has arifen upon an a<5t made in the seventh year of his faid late Majesty's reign, for the further preventing his Majefly’s fubjedts from trading to the Eajl Indies under foreign commiftions ; and for encouraging and further fe -curing the lawful trade thereto, with regard to profecutions in Ire-land in a fummary way, for the fraudulent importation of Eaft India goods into that kingdom.

Cap. 23. For providing a reward to Joanna Stephens, upon a proper dif-covery to be made by her, for the ufe oftthe publick, of the medicines prepared by her for the cure of the (lone.

Cap. 24. to impower the high court of Chancery to lay out, upon proper fecurities, any monies, not exceeding a fum therein limited, out of the common and general cafh in the bank of England, belonging to the fuitors of the faid court, for the eafeof the faid fuitors, by applying the interest ariftng therefrom for anfwering the charges of the office of the accountant general of the faid court.

Cap. 25. To ooviate fome doubts which have arifen upon the con-ftrudtion of an adt made in the first year of the reign of King IVilliam and Queen Mary, intituled.  An act for explaining part of an all made in the firjl year of the reign of King James the Firjl, concerning tanned leather ; and for rendering more efFedlual a claufe in the faid laft mentioned adl, which obliges curriers to curry leather; and for.repealing two claufes in the faid laft mentioned adl.

Cap. 26. For the better preventing frauds and abufbs in gold and filver wares.

Cap. 27. For explaining and amending an adt made in the eighth year of the reign of King Richard the Second, intituled. No man of law Jhall be juft ice of ajfize or gaol delivery in his own counfry ; and another adl made in the thirty third year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth intituled. An all that none Jhall be juftice of ajfize in his own country, &c.

Cap. 28. tor the moreqffedtual preventing of exceflive and deceitful gaming.

Cap. 29. For the more eafy aflefling, collecting, and levying of county rates.

Cap. 30. for granting a liberty to carry fugars, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of his Ma-jefty’s  sugar colonies in America, from the faid colonies diredtly to foreign parts, in (hips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law. m

Cap. 31. For establishing and well-governing an hospital or infirmary in the city of Bath.

Cap. 32. For afeertaining, prefery-ing, and improving the navigation of the river Lee, from the town of Hertford to the town of Ware in the county of Hertford; and for preferving and improving the faid river, from the faid town of Ware to the new cut or river made by the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of London ; and for enabling the governof and company of the. New River the better to supply the cities of London and Wejlminfter, and the liberties and fuburbs thereof, with good and wholefome water.

Cap. 33. To enlarge the powers of the commiflioners for building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from the Wool/laple, or thereabouts, in the parim of Saint Margaret in the

city



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

city of  Westminstery to the oppofite fhore in the county of Surrey; and to enable them by a lottery to raife money for the several purposes therein mentioned ; and to enlarge the time for exchanging tickets unclaimed in the laft lottery for the faid bridge ; and to make pro-vifion for tickets in the faid lottery, loft, burnt, or otherwise deftroyea.

Cap. 34. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft parted in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the road from Spittle-gate Hill near Grantham in the county of Lincoln, to Little Drayton in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 35. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft parted in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the highways leading from Brampton Bridge to Walford Bridge in the county of Northampton ; and also the great poft road, from Morter-pit Hilly in the faid county, through Brixworthy Lamport, Maidwelly Kelmarfh, and Ox-enden-magndy to Chain Bridgey leading into Market Harborough in the county of Leicejler.

Cap. 36. For prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first compofed or written, and printed in Great Britain ; and for repealing fo much of an act made in the eighth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anney as impowers the limiting the prices of books.

Private Acts.

Anno. 12 Georgii II.

I.	 An act for naturalizing Jacob Hiff-ham Murifony Nathaniel Voogdy Samuel Cleyy and others.

p  An act for naturalizing James Na-daly William Rene Moriny and Charles Delon.

J.	 An act for fale of part of the eftate

late of Richard Berney efquire, der ceafed, for difchargingincumbran-tes thereupon.

4.	 An act for veiling a mefluage and lands in Twickenhamy late the estate of kthe honourable William Town-Jhtnd efquire, deceafed, in truftees, in truft to fell the fame, purfuant to an article entered into by the faid William Townjbend in h'\$ lifetime, and for applying the money arifing by such fale for the benefit of Charles Town/hendy his only fon and heir, an infant.

5.	 An act for veiling in Archibald Ha-

milton efquire, called lord Archibald Hamiltony and his heirs, the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the county of Berhy therein mentioned, in truft, to convey the fame to Sir William Irby baronet, and his heirs, and for laying out the purchafe-money in thepurchafe of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be-fettled to the ufes and upon the trufts therein mentioned.	1

6.	 An act for difeharging the estate of John Sherwin efquire, in the county of Hertfordy from the ufes trufts, and covenants in his marriage fettlement, and for fettling an estate in the county of Nottingham, and town and county of the town of Nottinghamy of greater value, in lieu thereof, to the like ufes.

7.	 An act to enable Sir James Mackenzie of Royflony to fell lands and hereditaments in the rtieriffdom of Edinburghy for payment of debts and incumbrances charged upon and affefting the fame.

8.	 An act for veiling the fettled estate of Stamp Brookjbank efquire, in the counties of Suffolk and Cambridgey in him and his heirs ; and for fettling the manor of Helaughy and divers lands and hereditaments in Helaughy in the county of the city of Yorky of greater value, in lieu thereof.

b 3	...	9-	Aa



A TABLE of the

9.	An ad* for felling and difpofing of . part of the estate of John Worth

efquire, a lunatick, for difcharg-ing the debts, portions, and in* cumbrances, charged upon, and affedttng the fame.

10.	An adt for confirming certain articles of agreement between the lord of the manor of Hunmanby, and the vicar and freeholders of Hunmanby in the county of Yorky for inclofing part of the moor of Hunmanby aforesaid.

11.	An adt to enable John Mould efquire, and his iilue male, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Moon, purfuant to the will of John Moore efquire, deceafed.

Ijt. An a& to enable Jphn Crouch efquire, eldeft fon of Pyke Crouch ef-quir^ deceafed, and the heirs ipale of his body, to take and ufe the furname of Pyke, purfuant to the will of John Pyke elquire, deceafed.

13.	An adt to enable Charles Gregory efquire, now called Charles Gregory tVadey and his iflue male, to,ufe the furname of Wade.

14.	An a# to enable Rifley Brayer, and hi$ heirs, to take and ufe,the furnam$ and arms of Rijleyy pursuant to the will of Paul Rijley efquire, deceafed.

15.	An adt for naturalizing James Tracey Chriftian Burckhard Reybleny Zacharias Nieman, and Sufannah Hubert.

j6. An ad* to enable Jfdward duke of Norfolk to grant building l*afes for ninety nine years, of all or any part of his lands in or near the townlhip of Sheffield in the county of York.

17. An adt for confirming and efta-fdifhing an exchange, agreed tp be made between Thomas Holies duke of Newcaftle, and Sir Miles Stapyl-pon baronet, of their fettled elates in the county of York ^ and for fetr tling the lands given in exchange {p each party, to such ufes as the

STATUTE3. ,

lands, for which the fame are exchanged, flood fettled.

18.	An ad* to enable the molt noble William duke of Portland to grant building leafes of certain mefibages, pieces and parcels of ground in Sabo Fields in the county of Middlesexy for a further term than he is im-powered to grant by his marriage fettlement.

19.	An ad* for difcbarging feyerat lands in Nofeley in the county of Leicffiler, purchafed by the executors

c of Philip earl of Chejlerfieldy deceafed) from the ufes ana limitations contained in the will of the faid earl; andforveftingthe fame lands truftees to be fold* and with the ' money arifing thereby to purchafo other lands to be fettled to the fame ufes.

30. An ad* for difeharging part of the fettled eflate of William earl Cowper% in the county qf Hortford% from the ufes and limitations o( a former fettlement; and for fettling and fecuring an equivalent for the . fame, to the like ufes.

21.	An ad* for fale of part of the ef-. tate of William earl qf lnehtquin in

the kingdom of Ireland, for payment of the debts and incumbrances charged thereupon; and for fettling such part thereof as shall remain unfold, according to his marriage agreement.

22.	An adt to eftabliflb and confirm an agreement made between Sir William Courtenay baronet, and his brother Henry Reginald Courtenay efquire, and to render the fame effectual for the several ufes and pur-pofes therein mentioned.

23.	An adt to eftablilh a jointure on * dame Elizabeth Qajhwoody wife qf

Sir Jam^s Dajbwood baronet; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

4 24. An adt for the exchange of certain lands in the several parishes of Wroughton and Liddyard Treagoo**

to

 v^,ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in tfie county of Wits, between the governors of the hospital commonly called the Charter-Houfe, and Thomas Benet of Salthrop in the faid county of JVtltSy efquire.

25.	An a# to enable the a#ing executors and tcftamentary guardians named in the'will of Edward War-rert late of Pointon in the county of Chefler, efquire, deceafed, by felling part, and leafing other parts of his fettled eftate, to raife money for difcharging the incumbrances thereon, and to provide a fuffici-ent maintenance for his fon during his minority, in eafe of an estate dire#ed to be fold by the will of John Warren efquire, deceafed. :

26.	An a # for confirming certain articles of agreement made between Edward Wefiall and his wife, and Robert Ccrr an infant, and others; and to enable the faid* Robert Gorr to perform a contra# for fale of certain lands therein mentioned.

27.	An a# for fale of part of the estate of Jordan Langdale efquire, in the county of Torky for payment of debts and incumbrances affedb-ing the fame.

28.	An a# for fale of part of the estate late of" Sir John Lear baronet deceafed, in the county of Devon, for payment of his debts ; and for other purpofcs therein mentioned.

519. An a# for vefting divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Somerfety being part of the fettled estate of Thomas Fcwnes efquire, in truft to be fold ; and for fettling other lands in the county of Devon, of greater value, to the fame ufes, in lieu thereof.

30.	An a# for inclofing part of certain common fields in thd townfhip of Pailton in the county of Warwick*

31.	An a# for inclofing part of a common, or wafte grounds, called Hill-fide y otherwise Lambden Common, in the manor and pariih of

Odikam and county of Southampton.

32.	An a# for dividing and inclofing the common fields lying in the manor of Shipton Moyne, within the pariih of Shipton Movne and Dovel m the county of Giouteficry commonly called the North and South

- ’ Common Fields.

33.	.An a# to enable John Bell efquire, and his iflue, to tahre and ufe the fumame of Lane, and the arms of James lord vifeount Lanef-boroughy deceafed, purfuant to his will.

34.	An a# for naturalizing Adrian Coltee DucareL

35.	An a# for naturalising Jqhn

* Dejhons,

f	Anno 13 Gtorgii II.

Cap. 1. For continuing the duties ; uppn malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the  service of the year one 'thoufand seven hundred and forty.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to ke raised in Great Britainy for the  service of the year one thousand seven htui- -dred and forty.

Cap. 3. For the better supply of mariners and feanien to serve in his  Majesty’s (hips of war, arrd ot* board merchant fhips, and other trading (hips, and privateers.

Cap. 4. For the more effe#ual fe-curing and encouraging the trade of his.  Majesty’s Brittjh fubje#s to Amerieay and Tor the encourage-' ment of feamen to enter into his '  Majesty’s service. ,

Cap. 5. For making more effeihial three several a#s of parliament, one of the fixth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, b 4	and



A TABLE of the STATUTES.



another of the eleventh year of the reign of bislate Majesty King George^ For repairing the highways 'fronpOlA Stratford in the county ^Northampton, to Dunchurch in the county of Warwick ; and the third made in the tenth year of his present Majef-ty’s reign, for making more effectual the faid two former *Cts.

Cap. 6. To indemnify persons who have omittfcd to qualify themselves for offices and employments, within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpofe.

Cap. 7. For naturalizing such foreign proteftants, and others therein mentioned, as are fettled, or shall fettle, in any of his  Majesty’s colonies iii America.

Cap. 8. To explain and amend an aCt made in the first year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled,  An act for the more ejfeftual preventing the abufes and frauds of persons employed in the working up the woollen, linen, fuftian, cotton, and iron manufaftures of this kingdom ; and for extending the faid aCt to the manufactures of leather.

Cap. 9. For repairing the road between Hockliffe in the county of Bedford, and Stony Stratford in the county of Buckingham.

Cap. jo. For punilhing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 11. For the more effectual improving the navigation of the river Dun, from a place called JVilfuk-houfc, in the parish of Bramby-dun in the countv of York, to Fijbiock-ferry in the fame county.

Cap. 12. For making a chapel lately built by Robert Downes goldfmrth, and others, in the town of Sheffield in the county of York, a perpetual cure arid benefice 5 and for making a provifion for the maintenance of the curate or minifter of the faid

chapel, purfuant to an agreement for that purpofe.

Cap- 13. For providing a marriage portion for the princefs Mary.

Cap. 14. For making more effectual two aCts of parliament pafied in the seventh and tenth years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, For preferring and enlarging the harbour of Whitehaven in the county of Cumberland 5 and for repairing and amending the high roads leading to the faid harbour and town of Whitehaven.

Cap. 15. For continuing and making more effectual an aCt paffed in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For repairing the roads from the top of Stoken Church Hill to Enflow-bridge, anAthe read from Wheatley-bridge through the city of Oxon, by Begbrook, to New Woodftock in the county of Oxon (except the mileway on each fide of the faid city) and for repairing tne road from the Crown alehoufe to the turnpike on Stoken-church Hill aforesaid.

Cap. 16. To give further powers to tne commiflioners for building a bridge crofsthe river Thames, from the city of Wejlminjler to the oppo-fite (hore in the county of Surrey ; and to enable them to raife a further sum of money towards finifh-ing the faid bridge, and to perform the other trufts repofed in them. Cap. 17. For the increafe of mariners and feamen to navigate merchant (hips, and other trading (hips or veffels.

Cap. 18. To continue several laws therein mentioned \ for puniftiing such persons as shall wilfully and malicioufiy pull down or deftroy turnpikes for repairing highways, or locks, or other works ereCted by authority of parliament for making rivers navigable ; for preventing exactions of the occupiers of locks and weafs upon the nyer of

Thames



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Thames weftward, and for afcer-taining the rates of water carriage upon the faid river; and for preventing frivolous and vexatious arrefts; and for better fecuring the lawful trade of his  Majesty’s fub-jedls to and from the Eajt Indies, and for the more effedtual preventing all his  Majesty’s fubjedls♦trading thither under foreign commif-fions ; and for limiting the time for fuing forth writs of Certiorari upon proceedings before juftices of the peace, and for regulating the time and manner of applying for the fame; for the better and more fpee-dy execution of procefs within particular franchjfes or liberties ; and for extending the powers and authorities of juftices of the peace of counties, touching county rates, to the juftices of the peace of such liberties and franchifes as have coramiffions of the peace within themfelves. •

Cap. 19. To reftrain and prevent the exceftive increafe of horfe races; and for amending an adl made in the laft session of parliament, intituled, An alt for the more effectual preventing of excejfrue and deceitful gaming.

Cap. 20. For more effectually preventing fraudulent qualifications of persons to vote as freeholders in the eleCtion of members to serve in parliament, for such cities and towns as are counties of themfelves, in that part*of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 21. For further and more effectually preventing the wilful and malicious deftruCtion of collieries and coal works.

Cap. 22. For enlarging the term and powers granted and given by an a St pafled in the tenth year of the reign of his latemajefty King George the First, intituled. An alt for repairing the road leading from Dun-church in thf county of Warwick,

to the bottom of Meriden Hill in the fame county ; and for making the faid aCl more effedtual.

Cap. 23. For granting to his Majesty the sum of one million out of the finking fund, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty; and for enabling his Majesty to raife the farther fum of two hundred thousand pounds out of the growing produce of the faid fund ; and for granting to his Majesty the sum of twenty one thousand poupds, one (hilling, and eight pence halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer, arifen by fale of lands in the ifland of Saint Chrijlopher*s ; and1 for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this fefiion of parliament.

Cap. 24. for amending and enforcing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and diforder-ly persons, and for reducing the fame into one adl of parliament and also for amending the laws for erecting, providing, and regulating houfes of correction.

Cap. 25. For the more effeChial maintenance and well-keeping of Staines Bridge and Egham caufeway, being the highway from London to the weft parts of England.

Cap. 26. to revive, explain, and a-mend an adl made in the fixteenth and feventeenth years of the reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled. An alt for making the river of Medway navigable, in the counties of Kent and Suffex. Cap. 27. For prohibiting commerce with Spain.

Cap. 28. For continuing the several laws therein mentioned, relating to the premiums upon the importation of mafts, yards, and bow-fprits, tar, pitch, and turpentine; to BritiJh-mzAe fail cloth, and the duties payable on foreign fail cloth; to the Greenland and to the whale

filhery;



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fifttery; forgrantmga farther boun-. ty for all ihips employed in the whale filhery during the present war; for exempting harponeers a nd ot here employed in the Greenland fithery trade, from being impretied ; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of clerks and apprentices. -Cap. 29. For confirming and enlarging the powers granted by his Ma-jefty to the governors and guardians of the hospital for the maintenance and education of expofed and deferted young children, by his . moft gracious charter, bearing date the feventeemh day of Oftober, in the year of our Lord one tboufand . seven hundred and thirty nine, and to enable them to execute the good purposes of the faid charter.

Cap. 30. For further enlarging the term granted by an ad of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King William the third. For deanfingand making navigable tt>$ tbanel from the Hitbe at Colcbefter to Wivenhoe; and for making the faid ad, and - another ad of the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For enlarging the term granted by the fetid aft of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King ‘William the Third, more efledual.

Private Atts.

Anno 13 Georgii II.

X* An act for naturalising Jobn-George Liebenrood, Bartholomew Chrijiopher . Lutyens, and others.

2.	An act for explaining several powers contained in the will of William late lord Craven, for making jointures and leafes, and for rendering the fame powers more effedual for the purposes thereby intended.

3.	An act for confirming and efta-birfhing an exchange, agreed upon between the lord of the manor, and

the redor of the parish church of Great Bircham in the county of Norfolk ; and for promoting and facilitating an inclofure, intended to be made of divcr9 commons, common pafture, and wafe grounds, lying in the faid parilh of Great Bir-

*	chant,

4.	An act to enable William Grierfon, the eideft fon of Sir Robert Grierfon of Lag, baronet, to fne or maintain anyaftion or fair, notwithstanding his attainder 5 and to remove any disability in him, by reason of his faid attainder, to take or inherit any real orperfonaleftate, that may have defeended or otherwifc come to

. him, fiace his late^Majeft/s moft gracious pardon, dated the twenty ninth day of June, in the eleventh year of his reign, or that shall hereafter defeend or otherwise come to him,

5.	An adtoenable Thomas Bettefumth efquire, and his heirs male, to lake and ufe thefurname of Bilfon, pur-fuant to the will of .Leonard Bdjon

•	efquire deceafed.

6.	 An act for naturalizing Amalie Sophie de Wallmoden.

7.	An aft'for naturalizing Anthony Vaxeille, Stephen Saint Andre, ana others.

8.	An act for naturalizing IfaaeOlier, Chrijlian Schntic, John Daniel Cot-tin, and Henry LyelL

9.	An act to explain and enlarge the several powers for appointing portions and fettling jointures, which are contained in certain letters patent bearirigdate the twenty fecond day of Oftober, in the twenty lixth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, whereby certain yearly penfions ifluing out of the here-, ditary revenue of excife, do now (land limited to William duke of Cleveland, and Charles duke of Grafton, and the heirs mile of their bodies refpedivcly.

10.	An act for .veiling the inheritance

of

 (^.ooQle

A TABLE Of the STATUTES.

bf oart erf the estate of Georgp late carl of Halifax, dcceafed,' in trustees, for payment of his debts, „ daughters portions, and legacies, il* An a& tor confirming and efta-bliihing certain articles of agreement made hetween Maurice Conyers efquire, lord of the manor of RuftbaU in the county of Kent, and the right honourable William lord Abergavenny, and other freehold tenants of the (aid manor, relating . to certain buildings and inciofuces made and eroded in and upon part of tne wades of the faid manor, and for making the faid agreement more effe&usd, for the purposes thereby intended. ia. An act to enable Sir William Mo-rite baronet, to gram to the incumbent of the parilh church of We-ringiOn in the county of Devon, and bis fucceflors, and the parishioners of the (aid parilh, a piece of ground belonging to the capital mefiuage of Wcrington in the (aid county.

13.	An a A for edahlifhing and con* firming an agreement between William Gore efquire, executor of Ed-wood Gore efquire, deceased, .and Mary Gore, widow of Thomas Gore efqtiirc, deceafed, for herfirif* and on the behalf of Charles Gore an Infant, relating to the sum of three thousand pounds, paid by Francis Freeman gentleman, to the faid Ed-Z'atd Gore.

14.	An act for exchanging several lands and grounds belonging to Thomas hiven ckqaxrv, in the parilh of Wootun in the county of Bedford, for other lands of equal value in the fame parilh, belonging to the mailer, fellows, and fcholars of Sidney- SvJJex College in Cambridge.

15.	An adt for felling part of the fettled estate of Henry Talbot efquire, in the counties of Warwiek and Derby t and for fettling another e-ftate in the county of Rutland, of greater value, to the fame ufcs.

16.	An a£l for making divifioits, iiH clofures, and allotments of the open com fields, and common pafture, in the lordfhip of Bewholm, other-wife Bewham, in the pari(h of Nan-keeling in the county of Tori-, and for fettling and eftablilhing the payment of a yearly fum to tbs impropriators of the redory of Nm-keeling aforesaid, and their heirs, in lieu of tithes anting within the faid lordlhip, purfuant to an agreement between the laid impropriators, and the proprietors of the faid lands.

17.	An act for confirming and efta-bJifliing articles of agreement, and an award, for dividing and inclof-ing of a common down, and foe dividing, inclofing and exchanging of lands lying in the tithing of Charlton in the parilh of Andover in the county of Southampton.

18.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common fields in the parish of Stivicball, alias StuhaR, in the county of the city of Coventry.

19.	An act for inclofing and dividing the common fields, common pastures, and wafte grounds, lying within the manor and townlhip of

- Gunnerton, in the county of Northumberland.

Anno 14 Georgii II.

Cap. 1. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty one.

Cap. x. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the feivice of the year one thouftnd seven hundred and forty one.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. J. To prohibit, for a time therein limited, the exportation of

. corn, grain (rice excepted) meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, (larch, beef, pork, and bacon.

Cap. 4. To im power Jofeph Porter, James Bourdieu, and Abraham Def-marette, to import a certain quan-

•	tity of raw .(ilk of the growth of

. Spain from Leghorn.

Cap. 5. For making the chapelry of Nether Knutsford in the parim of Rojlkern and county of Chefier9 a feparate and diftindt parish; and for erecting a parifti church therein, endowing the fame, fettling the right of presentation thereto, and other purpofes.

Cap. 6. To render the laws more effectual for preventing the dealing and dedroying of (heep, and other cattle.

Cap. 7. Forlicenfing the importation of vi&ual from Irelandy and other parts beyond the Teas, into Scotland, in time of dearth and fcarcity.

Cap. 8. For incorporating the undertakers of the navigation of the river Dee.

Cap. 9, For punishing mutiny atid desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 10. To explain and amend an a<d made in the third year of the reign of King James the Fird, intituled,  An act for the recovering of Jmall debtSy and for the relieving of poor debtorsy in London.

Cap. 11. For fupplying the city of Gloucejler with frefh water.

Cap. 12. For enlarging the terms and powers granted by two a<5ls of parliament. For repairing the roads leading from Seven-oaks to Woodf-gatecA^Tunbridge-wells, and from Woodfgate to KippingVcrofs in the county of Kent \ and also for re-pairing the roads from Kipping’s-crofs aforesaidy to Lamberhurd

•	Pound, and Pullen’s Hill in the faid

county y and to Flimwell Vent in the county of Suflex.

Cap. 13. To enlarge the terms and powers granted by three several adls made in the ninth and twelfth years of the reign of her late ma-jedy Queen Anney and in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majedy King George the Fird, For amending the highways leading from Roydon in the county of Hertford, to Wansford Bridge in the county of Huntingdon, fo far as the fame relate to the roads lying in thq middle and Youth divifions of the faid highways.

Cap. 14. To enlarge the terms and powers granted by an a<£l made in the fird year of his present Maje-dy’s reign, intituled.  An act for repairing the road leading from Chatteris Ferry (which divides the ijle of Ely from the county of Huntingdon) to Hammond’s Eau 9 and from thence to {Jomerfham Bridge at Somerfhara town's end in the Jaid county,

Cap. 15. Forfinifhing and compleat-ing the parish church of Gainsborough in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 16. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an a<5t made in the twelfth year of the reign of his ■* late Majesty King George the First, intituled.  An act for repairing the roads in the parijhes of Kenfington,

• Chclfea, and Fulham, and other parijhes therein mentionedy in the county of Middlesex; and for repairing lome other roads in the parifft of Saint George Hanover Squarty and the faid parishes of Kenfington and Chelfea.

Cap. 17. To prevent inconveniencies arifing from delays of caufes after iflTue joined.

Cap. 18. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within «he time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that pi*r-pofe.

Cap.



A TABLE of the STATUTES,

Cap. *9. For repairing the roads from a place called Redhoufe* near Don-cafter* to Wakefield; and through the (aid town of Wakefield, by Dews-bury* Hightown* and Lightcliff\ to the town of Halifax, in the weft riding of the county of Toni.

Cap. 20. To amend the law concerning cofnmon recoveries, and to explain and amend an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of King Charles tne Second, intituled,  An act for prevention offrauds and perjuries, fo far as the fame relates to estates pur outer Vie.

Cap. a i. To indemnify proteftant purchafers of estates of papifts, a-gainft the penalties or forfeitures papifts are liable to, for not having inrolled their eftates, in purfuance of an aft of the third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for that purpofe.

Cap. 22. For granting and continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of fevcn years; and for allowing rock fait to be ufed in making of fait from fea water at the (alt works at Neath in the county of Glamorgan.

Cap. 23. For repairing the road from Wakefield to Ponttfraft* and from thence to a place called Weeland in the townfhip of Henjally and from Ppntefraft to Wentbridge in the town (hip of Barrington* in the weft riding of the county of York.

Cap. 24. For the effeftual draining and preservation of Waterbeach Level

1 in the county of Cambridge, and to

I eftablifh an agreement made between the lord of the manor of Waterbeach cum Denny* and the commoners within the (aid manor.

Cap. 25. For repairing the road fading from Eland to the town of Leeds in the weft riding of the county of York.

Cap. 26. For making a chapel lately built by John Coppin efquire, at

Market Street in the parish of Gj-dington in the county of Hertford* a perpetual cure and benefice; and for other purposes therein men-1* tioned.

Cap. 27. To enable the pariihioners of the parifti of Saint Botolph without Allgate* in the city of London* and county of Middlesex* to rebuild the church of the faid pariflt. >

Cap. 28. For repairing the roads from D'oncafter throughFerry-bridge* to the fouth fide of Tadcafier Crofsi and also from Ferry-bridge <6 Weather by y and from thence to Borough-bridge in the county of York.

Cap. 29. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled.  An act for repairing and widening the road from Horfley Upright Gate, leading down Bowden Hill in the county of Wilts, to the top of Kingfdown Hill in the parijh of Id ox in the faid county.

Cap. 30. For appointing new com* mifnoners and truftees for putting in execution an aft pafled jn the . eighth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne* intituled.  An act for vtfiing the efiate and effefts of John Coggs, and John Dmn*gola-fmiths and copartners, in trujlees* for the fpeedier payment of their creditors* and for determining differences thereupon.	)

Cap. 31. For repairing the road from Doncafier (through the parilh of Pemfion) in the county ot York* to Salter's Brook in the county of Chefter\ and also the road from Rotherham in the faid county of York* to Hartcliffe Hill in the laid paxilh of Penijlon.

Cap. 32. For repairing and enlatgirjg the roads from the town of Selby in the weft riding of the county of York* to the town of Leeds-* and from thence {in two several branches, one through Bradford aad

Her-

 CjOO£

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

•	Horton, and the other through . Bonding and fFibfty) to the town of

Halifax in the fame riding.

Cap. 33. To supply fome defers in the laws for repairing and rebuild-, ins county bridges, for repairing, r enlarging, erefting, and providing , hanks el correction, and for pafl-ing rogues and vagabonds.

Cap. 34. To continue an aft for relief of debtors with refpeft to the , ixnprifonment of their persons, and ( two fubfequenC afts for explaining and amending the fame) and alfo

•	to continue an aft for the free importation of cochineal and indico.

Cap. 35. For continuing an aft paff* ed in the seventh year of the reign of bis present Majesty, To explain and amend a former aft pajfed in the eleventh yfar of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For the better regulating the manvfafture if cloth in the weft riding of the county rfYork, and for making the laid afts more effeftusd.

Cap. 36. For opening a trade to and from Perfea through Ruffta.

Cap. 37. For retraining and preventing leveral unwarrantable fchemes and undertakings in his  Majesty’s colonies and plantations in America. Cap. 38. For the encouragement and increafe of teamen, and for the bet-. ter and fpeedier manning his Ma-. jetty's fleet.

Cap. 39. For furveying the chief ports and head lands on the coafts of Great Britain and Ireland, and jbe iflands and plantations thereto belonging in order to the more ex-aft determination of the longitude and latitude thereof.

Cap. 40. To enable the commiffion-ers for building a bridge crofs the fwtrThames* from the city of IVeft-mjrft*ry\o> theoppofire (Wore *in the county of Surrey, to raife a further sum of money towards finifhing the laid bridge, and to perform the other trufts s^pofed in thorn, and

for exchanging of tickets unclaimed in the Westminster bridge lottery of

j the twelfth year of his preterit Ma-jetty’s reign, and for making pro-

•	vifion for tickets in the find lottery, lott, burnt, or otherwise deftroyed.

Cap. 41. Forgranting to his Majesty

- the sum of one million of the finking fund, and for applying other fums therein meritioned, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty one; and for allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals ufcd in fire engines for draining tin and copper mines

*	in the county of Cornwall, and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this feftion of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise deftroyed; and for giving further time for the payment of duties o-mitted to be paid for the indenture*

i and contracts of clerks and apprentices.

Cap. 42. For the preservation of the publick roads in that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 43. To enable Thomas Smith efquire, lord of the manor of Far-lington, in the county of Southampton, to supply the town of Pcrtf-mouthy and parts adjacent, with good and wholfome water, at his own proper cofts and charges.

Private Afts.

Anno 14 Georgii II.

I.  An act for naturalizing John De Ptfters, efq;

Z.  An act for enabling Robert duke of Mancbefter to make a jointure on his present dutchefs, and to| make leafes of certain parts of his eftate, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

3.  An act for veftjng the teat and e-ftates of Nicholas late earl of Scarf-dalet decceled, in the several counties



A TABLE of the

tles-of Derby and Nottinghamcopi-prizcd in his fettlement and will, and the furniture there at his deafh, in truftees, to be fold for fpeedler . payment of his debts, and preferv-ing the furplus, to go according to his faid fettlement and will.

4 An a61 for vefting in William Wild-man, lord vifcount Barrington in the kingdom of Ireland, for life, certain mefiuages and tenements in the city of London, late the estate of Mary lady vifcourtfefs Barrington, his wife, upon the terms mentioned in their marriage fettlement.

5.	 An act for enabling Sir John Jennings* and George Jennings efq; his fon (a minor) to convey certain estates in Surrey and Hertfordjhire, for the benefit of the faid George Jennings, and such wife as he shall marry, and the ifTue of such marriage.

6.	 An act for vefting part of the tithes of Rytgatey in the county of Surrey, in Robert Scawen, efq; and his heirs, and for fettling another estate to the ufes limited of the faid tirhes by the will of Sir IVilliam Scawen knt. deceafed.

7.	 An act for vefting the freehold and leafehold estates ]ate of Thomas Lewis of Soberton efq; deceafed, in truftees, to be fold for railing money to di(charge his debts and legacies.

8.	 An act for vefting certain manors, lands, and tenements of IVilliam Hudlejlon efq; in truftees, to be fold for payment of his debts.

9.	 An act for fale of the eftate- of John Neale, efq; in the county of Bucks) and for fettling another estate in the county of Wdrwick, in lieu thereof.

to.  An act for vefting the fettled e-ftate of Thomas Weflern efq; in the county of Buckingham, in him and his heirs, and for fettling another estate in the county of Cambridge, of greater value, to the ufe$ of bi$ marriage fettlement, and alio for

STATUTES.

rendering a ppwer of revocation,

. contained in that fettlement,'more . effectual For the purpofcs thereby intended.

11.	 An act for dividing and iqdofeag several open fields, paftures, and commons, in the town (hips of Great Driffield and Little Driffield in the county of Tori, and for fettling certain yearly payments to the pnebendary of Driffield for the time being, jo lieu of his tithes, purfio* ant to an agreement and an award made for thofe purpofes.

12.	 An act for confirming and efta-blifhing articles of agreement, and an award, for dividing and indo^-ing certain comaion fields, and a common called Chawton Common, in the pariih of Chawton in the county of Southampton.

13.	 An act for dividing and inclofing the common fields, lying in the manor and pari (h of Sberjton Magna in the county of IVilts.

14.	 An act for indofing and dividing the common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and wafte grounds, in the manor and parish of Brinklow in the county of Warwick.

15.	 An act to enabfe John Rite* aA# his heirs, to take and ufe theipr-name of Tutty purfuant to the will of John Tutt gentleman, deceafed.

16.	 An act for enabling Edward Rur-naby, an infant, and the heirs mate of his body, to take the furaame of Greene, purfuant to the will of Thomas Greene efquire, deceafed, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

17.	 An act to enable Francis Thiflle-waite efquire, and the heirs male of his body, to take and ufe the fur-name of IVhithed, purfuant to the will and codicil of Richard Whithei

• efquire, deceafed.

18.	 An act for vefting part of the fettled eifate of Thomas Edmunds e-iquirc, in truftees, to be fold for

rai-



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

railing money to difcharge the debts of himlelf and his late father deceafed, and for fettling another estate of greater value in lieu thereof.

19.	An a& for naturalizing John Richard Brinkman efquire.

20.	 An act for naturalizing Martin Kuyck Van Mierop.

21.	 An act for naturalizing Gedeon Bourdillon, John David Billon, and Matthew Houfeman. ,

22.	 An act for naturalizing Eve Superior i, alias Smith.

23.	 An act for naturalizing Ernejl Bar nerd.

24.	 An act for naturalizing Everard John Ludewig.

25.	 An act for establishing and confirming a partition agreed to be made, between Henry duke of Beaufort, and William duke of Portland^ of the several manors, mef-fuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Southampton and Wilts,, whereof they are feized as tenants in common ; and for fettling their fpeci-fick (hares and allotments to such ufes as their undivided moieties thereof now ftand limited; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

26.	 An act to enable IVilliam earl of Strafford, an infant of about the age of nineteen years, to make a fettle-ment of his estate upon his marriage with the lady Anne Campbell.

27.	 An act for explaining and making more effeftual an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled,  An act for difcharging part ofthe fettled ejlate ^William wr/Cowper in the coun-

ty of Hertford, from the ufes 6nd limitations of a former fettlement* and for fettling and fecuring an equivalent for the fame, to the like ufes.

2o.  An act for enabling the right honourable Charles earl of Arran* to raife money by fale or mortgage of part of his estate in the kingdonf of Ireland, for payment of debts, and for other purpofes.

29.	 An act to enable George vifcount of Garnock* or the fucceeding heirs of entail, to fell lands ill the counties of Dunbarton and Air, for payment of debts charged thereupon, and to purchafe other lands, to be fettled to the fame ufes as the estate to be fold is fettled.

30.	 An act for vacating a term of one hundred years, in a voluntary fet-tlement made by Sir Hugh Clapton, knight, and for creating a new term of one thousand years, in lieu thereof, for the purposes therein mentioned.

31.	 An act for vefting part of the e-ftate of Francis Pembcrtom efquire, in the county of Cambridge, in tru-ftees, to be fold for difcharging the incumbrances thereon; and for fettling another part of his estate to the ufes and for the purposes of his marriage fettlement.

32.	 An act for empowering Gwyn Vaughan efquire, and his wife, and their fons, to make leafes of the manor of Kingfon Seymour in the county of Sometfet, for years determinable on deaths,according to the ufage of the country.

33.	 An act for naturalizing Francis D' Abbadie.

The End of the T ABLE.

 (^.ooQle

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno nono GEORG 11 II. Regis.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Weft-

minfter, the (a) fourteenth day of January, (a)

Anno Dorn. 1734, in the eighth year of the reign of^Zlegni*' our fovereign Lord Georg? the	by the grace

of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, continuat. uf-King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence	in

continued by federal prorogations to the fifteenth day januar. anno of January, 173 5. Being the fecond session of this S£c* present parliament.

CAP. I.

A» *ft for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry in that part of Great Britain called England 5 and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the  service of the year one thousand (even hundred and thirty fix. EXP.

CAP. II.

 An act to punifb mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. EXP.

CAP. III.

 An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix. EXP. as. in the pound.

CAP. IV.

4* aft to amend an aft faffed in the seventh year of the reign of bis late Majesty King George the intituled, •

An aift to preferve and encourage the woollen and (ilk manufactures of this kingdom, and for more effectual employing the poor, by prohibiting the ufe and wear of all printed, painted, flamed, or dyed callicoes, in apparel, houfhold fluff, furniture, or otherwise, after the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and twenty two (except as is therein excepted) ft far as relates to goods made of linen yarn, and cotton moll,	manufactured in Great Britain.

WHEREAS^ an aft faffed in the seventh year of the reign Preamble, rew

of hit late Majesty King George the First,	,An a<5t C1H"°

Voi/XVH. JJJ SB* 7 tp7Geo.I.c.7.



*	Anno nono Georgii II. 0.4.'	[1736.

to preferve and encourage the woollen and illk manufactures of this kingdom, and for more effectual employing the poor, by prohibiting the ufe and wear of all printed, painted, {tained, or dyed callicoes, in apparel, hoilfhold fluff, furniture, or other-'	,	wife, after the twenty fifth day of Deamber, one thonfand fe-

ven hundred and twenty two (except as is therein excepted) it is enaftedy That the prohibition of callicoes intended by the faid afty and the penalties thereby infliftedy for wearing or ufing printed, painted, Jlainedy or dyed callicoes, in apparel, houjholdfluffy or fur-niturey after the twenty fifth day 0/* December, one thoufanf/even hundred and twenty two9 contrary to the faid afty Jbould rtfpeftively extend to prohibity and Jbould be levied and recovered fory wearing or ufing in apparely houjhold fluffy %or furniturey after the faid twenty fifth day of December, one thoufana feVen hundred and twenty two,

*	any fluff made with cottony or mixed tberewitby which Jhould be printed or painted with any colour or colowrSy or any callicoe chequered or ftripedy or any callicoe Jlitched or flowered in foreign parts with any colour or colouror with coloured flowers made there (muflinsy neckclothsy and fuflians excepted) in such manner as the penalties in-flifted by the Jaid afty for wearing or ufing printed, paintedy Jlainedy or dyed callicoe;, in apparely houjhold fluff or furniture, after the faid twenty fijth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and twenty twoy contrary to the faid afty are to be levied or recoveredy but under such UmitationSy and with such liberties, privilege sy and advantagesy as are mentioned and expreffed in the faid ally or in any other aft or afts of parliament then in force relating theretOy or relating to printedy paintedy Jlainedy or dyed callicoes: and whereas great quanties of fluffs made of linen yarn and cotton wooll have for fiveral years paft been manufafturedy and have been printed and paintedy within this kingdom of Great Britain, and the faid manufaftures fo printed or painted are a branch of the ancient fuflian manufafture of this kingdomy and have been and are now ufei and worn in apparel and furniture : and whereas feme doubts have lately arififty whether the ufe and wearing of the Jaid fluffs, when the fame are fo printed or paintedy be prohibited by the Jaid recited afty whereby the faid manufafture is difeouragedy and may be utterly lofty and great numbers of his Maieflys J'ubjefts and their familtesy whofe livelihoods intirely depend tnereupony may be ruinedy and the poor greatly increafedy if not timely prevented: for remedy where-of be it enabled by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and

linc^am	^	anc*	confent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

and cotton anc* commons, in this present parliament atlembled, and by the wooll. manu- authority of the fame, That nothing in the faid recited aCt shall f*3ured in extend or be conftrued to prohibit the wearing or ufing in ap-if tlrc wai^be Pare^» houlhold fluff, furniture, or otherwise, any fort of fluff inorel^lhwn, made of linen yarn and cotton wooll manufactured and printed may worn, or painted with any colour or colours within the kingdom of notwitbftand- Great Britain, provided that the warp thereof be intirely finen me tbc laid yarn . an(j that no person shall incur, or be deemed, or ad--	judged, or taken to incur, any penalty or forfeiture whatsoever

for wearing or ufing such manufacture fo printed or painted, as

aforefcid;

r

J	Anho ndno GfioRGii II. c. $/	3

aforefaid j imy thing in the faid a3 to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

II. And be k further enacted by the authority aforcfaid, No penalty for That none of the penalties in the faid former ad, which may [“c^^covef-havc been incurred for the wearing or ufing any fort of fluff ^ unless made of linen yarn and cotton wooll manufactured and printed where judg-or painted within this kingdom, as aforesaid, shall be recover- mept hath ed, or levied, unless fome profecution for the fame hath been	*

already commenced, and judgment already obtained thereupon;0 n any thing in the faid former ad contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.	'

CAP. V.

An all to repeal the Jlatute made in the first year of the reign of King James the First 9 intituled, An ad against con-* juration, witchcraft, and dealing with evil and wicked fpirits, except fo much thereof as repeals an aft of the fifth year of the reign of Slueen Elizateth, Againft conjurations, inchantments, and witchcrafts, and to repeal an aft pajfed in the parliament of Scotland in the ninth parliament of Queers Mary, intituled, Anentis witchcrafts, and for pumfhing fucb persons as pretend to exercife or ufe any kind of witchcraft, for eery 9 inchantments or conjuration.

BE it enaded by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and * James 1. e* With the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and tem- ,a# rcPc^cd» poral, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the ftatute made in the first year of the reign of King Jamesthe First, iritituled, An aft a-gAnfi conjurations witchcrafts and dealing with evil and wicked JpiritSs mall, from the twenty fourth day of June next, be repealed and utterly void and of none effed (except fo much thereof as repeals the ftatute made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeths intituled. An aft againjl conjurations, in- 5Eliz. cTx$. dmtmentSy and witchcrafts.)

II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That The ad in from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June9 the ad pafled Scotland 9 m the parliament of Scotland in the ninth parliament of Queen p^led/f° intituled, Anentis witchcraftsy shall be and is hereby re- ™

pealed.

I III. And be it further enaded. That from and after the After 14 June,

! fiud twenty fourth day of June9 no profecution, fuit, or pro-»736> no per-eroding, mall be commenced or carried on against any perfonf^cutedfor^ or persons for witchcraft, forcery, inchantment, or conjuration, witchcraft, or for charging another with any such offence, in any court &c.	*

Wbatfoever in, Great Britain.

IV, And for the more effcdual preventing and punching any pretences to such arts or powers as are before-mentioned, whereby ignorant perfoos are frequently deluded and defraud-

B 2	cd	*	.



X

4	r	Axmiq	nottQ	Gborgtii	IL	Q.6.	{1736,

Pcrions pre- cd} be it further enabled by the authority aforebid, That if ^^wircb^ any Per^on from an<* a^ter twenty fourth day of June* craft* Tel*for- Prctcn<* to exercife or ufe any kind of witchcraft, forcery, intunes, or by chantment, or conjuration, or undertake tt> tdl fortunes, or crafty fcience pretend from his or her (kill or knowledge in any occult or crafty to di(cover fcience to difcover where or in what manner any goods or oengoo $, chatties, fappofed to have been stolen or loft, may be found;

every person fb offending, being thereof lawfully convicted on indi&ment or information in that part of Great Britain called England^ or on indidfement or libel in that part of Great Britain to be impri- called Scotland, shall for every such offence fuffer imprifotunent foned for a by the space 0f onc whole year without bail or mainprize, and ycar'	once in every quarter of the faid year in fome market town of

* the proper county upon the market day there ftandopenly on be pillory’d, the pillory by the space of one hour, and also shall (if the court by which such judgment shall be given shall think fit) be

and bound for obliged to give fureties for his or her good behaviour, in such good bcha- fum> and

for such time, as the faid court shall judge proper ac-Vl0ur#	cording to the circumftances of the offence, and in such cafe

diall be further imprifoned until (uch fureties be given.

CAP. VI.

4* att to indemnify perftms who have omitted to read the prayers, and make and fubferibe the declarations directed to be read, madiy and fubferibed by the aft of uniformity of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for doing thereof.

Preamble XX7HERE A S by an oft of parliament made in the thirteenth reciting the VV and fourteenth y$ar> of the reign of bis late majejty King uniformity Charles the Second, intituled. An a& for tne uniformity of pub-c lifck prayers, and adminiftration of facraments, and other rites iV 14 **an<* ceremonies, and for eftabliftiing the form of making, ordaining, and confecrating of biftiops, priefts, and deacons in the church of England, it was, among other things, enafttd, That rjery person who fhould thereafter be presentedy or collated, or put into any ecclepajtical benefice or promotion, within the realm of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, Jhould, in the church, chapel, or place of publick worjhipy belonging to the faid benefice or promotion, within two months next after that he Jhould be in the aftual pojfcffion of the faid ecclefiajlical benefice, or promotion, upon fome Lord's day, openly, publicity and folemnly read the morning and evening prayer appointed to be read by and according to the book of common prayer therein before-mentioned, at the times thereby appointed, or to be appointed; and after such reading thereof, Jhould openly and publicity, before the congregation then affembUi, declare his unfeigned affent and confent to the ufe of all things therein contained and preferibed, according to the form therein before appointed5 and that all and every such persons who Jhould (without feme lawful impediment to be allowed and approved of by the ordinary of

the

 L.ooq ie

*73^-]	Anno	ttono GEOlton II. c.y.	5

the place) neglefi or refufe to do the fame within the time aforesaid, or in cafe of fitch impediment, within one month after fitch impediment removed* Jhould ipfo fadto be deprived of all bis/aid ecclejiafti-cal benefices ana promotions; and that from thenceforth it Jbouid be lawful for all patrons of all and ftngular the faid ecclefiafiical benefices and promotions, or any of them, according to weir refpeGive rights and titles, to present or collate to the fame, as though the ptr-foot or per fens fo' offending or negie&ing were dead; and also that every dean* canon, and prebendary of every cathedred or collegiate church, and all mefiers, or other heads, fellows, chaplains, and tutors* tf or in any college\ had, houfe of teaming, or hofpital, and every fabtid prefeffor and reader in either of the umverfities, and in every college tlfiwbere\ and every parfon, vicar, curate, lefturer, and every other person in holy orders, and every fchoolmafter keeping any fubdci or private fchool, and every person irtftrufting or teaching any youth in any houfe or private family as a tutor or fchoolmafter, who upon the firfi day of May, which Jbouid be in the year of our Lord one tboujand fix hundred and Jixty twoy or at any time thereafter, Jbouid be incumbent or have pojfejjion of any deanery, canonry, prebend, mafterjbip, bead/hip, fellowship, profeffor's place, or reader's place, parfonage, vicarage, or any other eulefufiual dignity or promotion, or of any curate's place, lebture, or jchool, or Jbouid injlruft or Coach any youth as tutor or fchoolmafter, Jbouid, before the feafi day of Saint Bartholomew, which Jkould be in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred Jixty two, or at or before his or their re-Jpfbtive odmsffion to be incumbent or have poffeffion, fubfcribe a declaration or acknowledgment, wherein, among other words, which, by an alf of parliament made in the firfi year of the reign of their kte majefiies King William and fpueeti Mary, are directed from thenceforth not to be enjoined or required, are contained the words following \ that is to Toy, I A. B. do declare, that I will conform to the liturgy of the church of England, as it is now fev law efta-bUhed; upon pain that all and every the persons lap mentioned, f/Oug m fucb fubfcription, Jhall lofe and forfeit such rejpefiive lemony, prebend, canonry, mafterjbip, headjhip, fellowjhip, pro*

{efforts place, reader’s place, ecclefiafiical dignity or promotion, curate's place, leflure, and fchool: and whereas several persons have through inadvertency either wholly omitted to read the faid prayers, mi to make and fubfcribe the faid several declarations, or one of them, or have not done it within the time, and in the mariner by law reft&red; and have thereby incurred the forfeitures in such cafe in-JUSed by the faid recited aft of the thirteenth and fourteenth years Charles the Second; and the validity of leafes made, and other alls done by them fince such forfeitures incurred, may by fea-fin thereof be controverted ana avoided, &c.

Farther time is given for this purpose by 11 Geo. a. c. 31.

CAP. VII.

An afi to explain and amend an a&pafled in the first year of the reign of his prelent majesty, intituled.  An act for repairing and enlarging the road loading from the hiufe called The fign of the bells, in the panfb of Saint Margaret in Rocbe/er, to Matdfione, and other roods therein mentioned, m the county of Kent$ Continued %% Geo. a, c. 8.

B3	CAP.



 

-6

I>736

Anno nono Georgh IT. e.8,-~io.

CAP. VIII.

. jtn ad for the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the parijh of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the liberties of the city of Westminster.

WHEREAS the keeping a fujficient and well reguhtedwatch in the night-time within the great and populous parijh of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the liberties of the city of Westminster, is of great importance for the preservation of the persons and properties of the inhabitants thereof and very necejfary to prevent, as well the mifchiefs winch may happen from fires, as murders, burr glories, robberies, and other outrages and diforders: and whereat by the laws now in being no effectual provifion is made for the efta-bli/bingy ordering or well governing of such a nightly watch, or for levying and collecting any fums of money for defraying the necejfary charges thereof or for enforcing a due application and juft account of any money fo levied and collected for that purpofe: and whereas it hath been found by experience, that the bedels employed within the paid parijbyfor want of a proper regulation and government of them, have been of great charge and little ufe to the faid parijh, and the methods hitherto praCiifed of raising monies for maintaining and paying the faid bedels have been aljo precarious and unwarrantable ; for remedy of the aforesaid inconveniencie6, may it pleafe your mod ex«r cellent Majefly, that it may be enacted, See.

Veftry to meet on 3 May, and 3 Nov. yearly, and appoint the number of 'watchmen and bedels, and let down in writing the orders agreed on for regulating the watch. Tranfcripts of the regulation, &c. figned by the veftry clerk, to be delivered to each conftable. The charges to be paid by an half-yearly afleflment, and may be levied by diilrefs. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the next general quarter ieflions, whofe order to be final. The afleflment not to exceed 4. d. per pound. No person paying the faid afleflment, or cbofen a bedel or watchmen, to gain thereby a fettlement. No hired fervant capable of being chofen a bedel or watchman. Col led or s of the afleflment to account to the veftry on »6 July, yearly, or oftner, if required. Yearly accounts of receipts and disburfe-ments to be adjufted and figned at a veftry by »o Auguft, and lodged with the veftry clerk. Perfons paying the faid rates discharged from watch pr ward.

CAP. IX.

 An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft palled in the eleventh year of his late Majesty King 6eorge the Firit, intituled. Am a3 for repairing and amending the road Jrom Btgglefwade in the county of Bedford, to Bugden, and through Alfonbury, to the lop of Alconbury Hill, or croft poft, leading into Sautery Lane, on the York and Edinburgh road, and from tbejaid town of Bugden to the town of Huntingdon, and from Crofs Hall in Eaton Soken in the faid county of Bedj ord, to Great Stoughton Common in the fqid county of Huntingdon.

The recited aft 11 Geo. 1. c. 10 • is further continued for 11 years, &c,

CAP. X.

 An act for repairing and widening the road leading from Saint Dunflaq’s Crofs near the city of Canterbury, to the waterfide at Whitftable in the fpunty of Kent.

t pertain tolls are granted from H June 1731s, for »i years.

\	CAP.

 v^ooQie

ry$6.] Anno nono Georgii II. c, 11.— 13.	j

CAP. XL

 An act for enlarging the term «lnd powers granted by an aft parted in the fifth year year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Firil, intituled,  An act for repairing the road from Be cons field in the county of Buckst to Stoken church in the county of Oxon.

The recited private a& is further continued for 11 years.

CAP. XII.

fin aft to enable the juftices of the peace, afling for tie * weftem divifion of the county of Kent, to purchafe a con-venient piece of ground for building a gaol for the faid county, and for impowering the faid juftices to apply part of the county ftock of the faid divifion towards the fame.

WHEREAS the common gaol for fecuring the prisoners of the Preamble.

crown at Maidftone, in the weftern divifion of the county of Kent, is in great decay, too ftrait for the fafe keeping of the prison-trSy and, fianding in the middle of the Jaid town, is often, from diftempers of the prisonerSy both offenfive and dangerous to the inha-bitants of tie faid town, and to Juch as refert thither ; and there being no prison for confining of debtor j, great charge, expence and hazard are thereby occafioned to the jhtriff of the faid county for the time being, to whofe cujlody fevcral persons are committed for debts of very large fums of money \ all which insufficiencies and inconveni-encies of the gaol aforesaid have been pre/ented by the grand jury at the affixes and general gaol delivery held for the faid county: and whereas there is no feite of ground to enlarge the faid gaoly or to greft a prison and other conveniences for the fafe keeping of debtors $ and forafmuch as the juftices of the peace for the faid county cannot by the laws now in force raife a fufficient sum of money upon the faid county, in order to purchafe a new feite of ground^ and thereon build a gaol; nor can they apply the flock of the faid county, or any part thereof for the purposes aforesaid be it therefore enacted, &c.

The juftices at their general quarter feflions may authorize persons to purchafe ground in Maidftone parish, to be Veiled in the trultees herein named. When the truftees fliall be reduced to feven, others to be chofen, not exceeding ten, Sfc. A convenient gaol, with different wards, to be built. Part of the present county flock to be applied towards the charge thereof; the remaining charge to be raised by affeflraent at the quarter fcffions.

CAP. XIII.

An ail for the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels t within the parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the liberties of the city of Wcftminfter.

WHEREAS	the keeping a fufficient and well regulated watch

in the night-time within the parijh of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the liberties of the city Wcftminfter, is of great importance fer the preservation of the persons and properties of the inhabitants thereof, and very neceffary to	, as well the mif-

B 4	chiefs





8

Preamble*

Anno nono GBORGIt II. c. 14,15.	[173S.

chiefs which may happen from fires, as murders, burglaries, rob* beries, and other outrages and difi&ders; and whereas by the laws now in being no effectual provifion is made for the efiablijbing9 ordering or well governing of fiuh a nightly watch, or far levying and tollefting any films of money for defraying the hecejfary charges there-of or for enforcing a due application and jufi account of any money Jo levied ana collected for that purpofe: and whereas it hath been found by experience, that the bedels employed within the faid parijby for want of a proper regulation and government of them, have been of great charge and little ufe to the fetid parijh> and the methods hitherto praftifed of raising monies for maintaining and paying the faid bedels have been aljo precarious and unwarrantable > for remedy of the aforesaid inconvenicncies, may it pleafe your molt excellent Majfefty, that it may be ena&ed, &c.

The veftry, with other persons fpeeified, to meet on 3 May* and 3 No*r« yearly, and appoint the dumber of watchmen and bedels, and let down in writing the order? agreed on for regulating the watch. Tranfcridts of the regulations,dec. figned by the veftry clerk, to be delivered to each cen<» liable. The Watchmen* in the absence of the conftable, may apprehend night-walkers, &c. The charges to be paid by an half-yearly afleffment. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the next quarter feflions, whole order to be final. The afleffment not to exceed 6d. per pound. No petfon paying the faid afleffment, or chofen a bedel or watchman, to gain thereby & fettleinent. No hired fervant capable of being chofen a bedel or watch*, man. Collectors of the afleffment to account to the veftry on a6 July* yearly, or oftner, if required. Yearly accounts of receipts and disburle-ments, to be adjufted and figned at a veftry by 20 Auguft, and lodged With the veftry clerk. Pterton* paying the faid rates discharged fronl watch or ward.

CAP. XIV.

An for repairing the roads leading from Henley Bridge in the county of Oxford, to Dorcnefter Bridge, and from thence to Cuiham Bridge, and to a place called Mile-ftone* in the road leading to Magdalene Bridge kk the faid county.

Certain tolb are granted front 1 Miy, 173** for tt ytar$.

CAP. XV.

An ail for enabling tbt mayor, bailiffs and butgeffes of the borough of New Wiridior in the county of Berks, to repair and maintain their great bridge ever the river if Thames, and the way ther, leading , the faid lorougb of New Windfor, to Eton in the county tf Bucks.

WHEREAS tbt mayor, bailiffs, and	of	the	borough

of'New Windfor in the county of Berks, art lawfully fixed tf the great bridge over the river Thames, commonly called or known, hy the name of Windfor Bridge, fet, lying, and being in New Windfor	aforefaid, and of the	way thereon leading from New

Windfor aforesaid to Eton in the county of Bucks, with the appurtenance thereof, and are obliged by reaftm of their term re to repair and maintain the fame •, and for that purpose by themfehes, their officers, deputies, or affigns, have received, and are intitltd to refs	ceive.

V

 UooQle

IAnno nodo GsorgH XL c. 16.

^ certain cuftomary tolls for pontage and pajfage over and under the jaid bridge; that is to fay.

Fir every htarfi ir coach, paging over the find bridge with a dead The toll. corpfi, fixjbiltings and eight pence*

For every hackney coach (not a freeman's) for every pajfage, two fence:

For every load, pajfage or carriage with houfhold goods, WooD, tartbem ware, charcoal and leather, four pence.

For every load, pajfage or carriage, with corn, hay, firaiv, dung, wood and peat, twopence.

For every fcore ofjbeep, two pence.

For every head if oxen, bog: and other tattle, one halfpenny.

For every borfe loaded With hampers, or otherwise, one half* fenny.

For every barge, going under the /aid bridge down Jlream, fix fence.

And whereas the find mayor, bailiffs and burgeffe: have, by indenture of leafe, bearing date the twelfth day of September, om thousand seven hundred and feven, demited the /aid bridge and tolls for the term offorty years, and under the yearly rent if five poundsf and fubjett to the exceptions and condition: therein expfejfed, to John Herring of Windfor aforesaid, grocer, his executors, adminijlrdtors and affigns ; and whereas the faid bridge, which is of great divan* tagt to the commerce of the adjacent counties, as well as of the faid borough, is now in a ruinous condition, and no provifton ts made for fitpporting the fame, otherwise than by the monies arifing from the profits cf the tolls herein before% and after mentioned, the payment Schereof hath of late been refufed by fevtral persons, and cannot be recovered but by bringing feparate afthns against each particular per-fin fo refufing, which mufi be attended with great expence and delay; toay it therefore pleafe your most excellent Majesty that it may he enacted, &c.

The faid bridge, See. fubjeft to the faid leafe, veiled in the mayor, &£• who may appoint collectors. 'the profits of the ferry, whilfl the bridge fa ftpaking, veiled in the mayor. See. Ferry not to continue longer than the necefTary reparations of the bridge, which are to be fmifhed m three pootfas. xo s. penalty on anyperfon, not authorised by the mayor*

Sec. working a boat within two furlongs of the bridge to hinder the toll.

CAP. XVI.

An aGt for continuing the term and powers granted by an all patied in the fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled. A* a8 for repairing the highways from Crown Corner in the town of Reading (leading by and through the fevered parijhes of Shmfeld and Heck-field, in the fiveral counties of Berks> Wilts, and Southampton) to Baftnrfloke in the faid county of Southampton, The recited alt is continued font years tarthet*.

CAP.



to



Anno nono Georgii II. c. 17;

CAP. XVII.

An all for the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the pdrijhet of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelift:, within the city and liberty of Weftmin-fter.

WHEREAS a new church hath been erefted near Mil!

Bank, in the parijb of Saint Margaret, Westminster, and a diferift hath been allotted thereto, which fence the confecration of the faid church hath been called and known by the name of the parijb of oaint John the Evangelift: and whereas, notwithflanding such diviftony all parochial rates (except only the rate for the maintenance of the rector of the feaid new churchy appointed to be made by an aft pajfed in the ferfe year of the reign of his present Majefeyy intituled^ An a ft for making provifion for the.re&or of the new church fituate near Mill Banky in the parish of Saint Margarcty Weft-minflery and for.other purposes therein mentioned) have been and now are (in purfuante of an aft paffed in the tenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, mtituledy  An act for enlarging the time given to the commiflioners appointed by her Majesty, purfuant to an aft for granting to her Majesty several duties on coals, for building fifty new churches in and about the cities ci London and Westminster y and fuburbs thereof, and other purposes therein mentioned $ and also for giving the faid commif-fioners further powers for better effefting the fame; and for appointing monies for rebuilding the parish church of Saint Mary Woolnoth in the city of London) ajfejfedand levied within and through all parts and diflriftSy which did formerly belong to the faid parish of Saint Margaret, Westminster : and whereas the well ordering and regulating a nightly watch and bedels within the faid two parijhes of Saint Margaret, and Saint John the Evangelift, within the city and liberty 0/* Westminster, is of great importance for the preservation of the perfeons and properties of the inhabitants thereof% and very necejjary to preventy as well the mifehiefs which m y happen from fires y as murderj, burglariesy robberiesy and other outrages and diforders: and whereas by the laws now in being no effectual provifion is made for the eftablijbingy orderingy or well governing of such a nightly watch and bedels within the faid two parijbeSy or for levying and collecting any feums of money for defraying the necejfary charges thereof \ or for enforcing a due application and juft account of any money [0 levied and collected for that purpose ; for remedy pf the aforelaid inconveniencies; may it pleafe your most excellent Majesty that it may be enabled, &c.

The Teftries of the two parishes to meet yearly in Saint Margaret’s vejlry room, and appoint the number of watplmjen and bedels, and afeertain the pound rate for the charge thereof, and in 14 days after choofe the watchmen and bedels, and let down in writing the regulations agreed on. A copy of the regulations, figned by the veitry clerk of each parish, to die delivered to each conftable. The watchmen, in the absenceof the con-liable, may apprehend night-walkers. See. Perfon appointed a colleftor, on refufing to aft, to forfeit zol. The aflelTment, on payment refuted,

to



1736-] Anno nono Georgii II. c. i8.	ii

to be levied by diftrefs. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feflions, The afleflment not to exceed 6 d. in the pound* No person paying the afteffment, or chofen a bedel or watchman, to gain thereby a jettlement. Collectors to account yearly on 20 July, &c, A book of receipts and dishurfements, figned at St. Margaret's veftry by 20 August yearly, to be kept by the veftry clerk, and infpeCted without fee. On negleCt of St. John's veftry to meet and aCt jointly, St. Margaret’s veltrv may make such afTeffments feparately. If a divifion of the faid pari (lies shall be made, the veftries of each feparately to execute this aCt. No peifoa paying the afteftment, liable to the watch or ward.

CAP. XVIII.

An ait for reviving and continuing the ails therein mention-* edj and for explaining and amending a claufe in an a£t made in the firfi year of the reign of bis late Majesty King George the Firfi % intituled, An adt for making the laws for repairing the highways more effectual, relating to the appointing fcavengers in cities and market towns, and the ordering the ajfejjments for the repairing and cleanjing the ftreets therein.

WHEREAS an ait made in the fecond year of his prefmt Thea&2Geo.

Majejly* s reign, intituled, An adt for the more effectual 2. c. 15. a-preventing and further punishment of forgery, perjury, and gamft forgery, fubornation of perjury, and to make it felony to lteal bonds, j^vlveJ'and notes, or other fecurities for payment of money, is expired, and madc pL-pc-one other ait made in the fifth year of his present Majesty*s reign, in- tual. iituledy An adt to prevent *he committing of frauds by bankrupts, is near expiring, both which aits have been found ufeful and beneficial to the publick; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moll excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That from and after the twenty fourth day or June, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thouiand seven hundred and thirty fix, the faid adt, made in the fecond year of his present  Majesty’s reign, shall be and is hereby revived and made perpetual.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The bank-tfie above mentioned adt, made in the fifth year of his  Majesty’s ™Ptf a& 5 reign, shall be and is hereby continued, and shall be in force, from the time therein limited for the expiration thereof, Farther conti-until the twenty ninth day of September, which shall be in the nuedby^^Geo. year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty three, *•c* 57- £ *• and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and no longer.

III. And whereas by a claufe in an ait of parliament made in the Thc a# lGco firfi year of the reign of bis late Majesty King Gedrge the Firjty in- I# c. s%.jor tituledj An adt for making the laws for repairing the highways ref airing the more effectual, the juftices of the peace in any city or market town highways, cx-(not having already particular provision made for them therein ^ towns* any former law) or the major part of them, at their general or quarter 0



la

Preamble.

Anno nono Georgii II. c. 19.	[1736,

ter fejfiom* are impowerei to appoint a fcavtnger or fcavengers for cleamng the Jlreets* and to order the repairing fiuh Jlreets therein* as they Jhall judge necejfary ; and* for defraying the charges thereof * to order an ajfejfment or ajfejfments, not exceeding fix pence in the pound in one year, to be equally made upon all and every the occupiers or owners of houfes* lands* tenements* and hereditaments* in fucb cities 5 and whereas market towns are omitted in the latter part of the faid claufe; be it therefore ena&ed, That the faid claufe, and ail the powers therein contained or mentioned, shall be deemed and taken to extend to market towns (not having already particular provifion made for them therein by any former law) as well as cities, as if the fame had been in the (aid daufc particularly named and mentioned.

CAP. XIX.

An aB far the bttter regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the parijb of Saint Anne, within the liberties of the city of Westminster.

WHEREAS the keeping a fufficient and well regulated watch in the night-time within the party of Saint Anne, within the liberties of the city of Westminster, is of great importance for the prefervaticn of the persons and properties of the inhabitants tbera-of* and very necejfary to prevent* as well the mijcbiefs which may happen from fires* as murders* burglaries* robberies* tmd other out* rages tmd iijorders: and whereas by the laws nm in being no effectual provifion is made for the efiabltying* ordering pr wdl governing of ftuh a nightly watch* or for levying or collecting any Turns of money for defraying the necejfary charges thereof* or for enforcing m due application and jufi account of any money f$ levied and collated for that purpofe: and whereas it hath been found by experience* that the bedels employed within the faid party* for want of a proper regulation and government of them* have been of great charge and little tty to the /aid party* and the methods hitherto praftifed of railing monies for maintaining and paying the faid bedels, have been edfo precarious and unwarrantable \ for remedy of the aforesaid in- ' conveniencies, may it pleafe your most excellent Majesty that 4 may be enacted, &c.

The veftry to meet on 3 May, and 3 Nov. yearly, and appoint the number of watchmen, and bedels, and fee down in writing the orders agreed on for regulating the watch. Traufcripts of the regulations, See. ngned by the veftry clerk, to be delivered to each con Gable, The watchmen in the absence of the conftable, may apprehend night-walkers, See. The charges to be paid by an half-yearly aiTeflment. rerfbns aggrieved may appeal to the next general quarter ie/fions, whole order to be final. The aiTeflment not to exceed 6 d. per pound. No per&ti paying the (aid afleflW tftent, or chofen a bedel Or watenman, to gain thereby a fettlement. No hired fervant capable of being chofcn a bedel or watchman. Collectors of the afleflfment to account to the tneftry on 16 July, yearly, or oftner, if required. Yearly accounts of receipts and disbortements to be adjufted amf figned at a veitry by 20 Augutt, and lodged with the veftry derk. Perfons paying the laid rates discharged from the watch or ward.

Cap.

#

r



*3

1736.] Anno nono Gborgii II. c. aa CAP. XX.

aft for the better enlightening the	of	the	city	of

London.

WHEREAS it hath been found by experience, that many preambte, frequent murders, robberies, burglaries, felonies, and other crimes of a heinous nature, have been and are frequently committed in the	fireets,lanes, and pottages of the city of London and the

ties thereof in the night feefon ; the eommijfton of winch crimes has in a great meafure been owing to the inefficient manner in which the Jireets, lanes, pajfages and courts of the city, have forfome years	pqft been, and at this	prefent time are lighted by the proprietors

of the	convex lights: and whereas the citizens of London are

fireus to have the open places, Jireets, lanes, pajfages and courts thereof, enlightened in a better and mere effeftual manner, as well for their nun as for the common fafety and benefit of all other persons whefe affairs oblige them to pafs and repafs through the fame; and in order to effeS fo good a work the faid citizens have confented and agreed to raife the money neceffary for that purpose by a reafonable lax and ejftffment an the inhabitants of the faid city, in such manner as herein after is exprejfed: but forafmuch as the fame cannot be effelhtally dm hut by the aid and afftftanee of an all of	;	may	it

plcafc your Majesty (at the humble petition and defire of the mayor, aldermen, and commonalty of die city of London, in common council aflembled) that it may be ena&ed, and be it ena&ed by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That such a convenient and fufficient number GUIs lamp* of glals lamps, of such iort and falhion, and put up in such J>e put up parts and places of the faid city of London, and the liberties ^i^ne to’the thereof, as to the mayor, aldermen, and commonalty of the dire£Kona of faid city, in common council afiembled, Ihall feem meet and the lord Expedient, ihall be with all convenient fpeed ere&ed and fixed m*y®r> &c-to or near any houfe or building, place or places whatsoever ^"ht^from within the faid city or liberties thereof, and the fame ihall be fUn-fetting to kept lighted and burning from fun-fetting to fun-riling through- fun-riling, out the year.

II.	And, for defraying the first expence of buying and eroding of such lamps or lights, and also the yearly charges of fup-plying, maintaining and repairing the fame, the following rates • and afiefiments shall be laid and railed on the several inhabitants , of the faid city and the liberties thereof, annually and each year, from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thou-tand (even hundred and thirty fix; that is to fay.

For each and every houfe, the rent wbereef is under ten Yearly rates, per annum, and the inhabitant whereof is charged to church and poor, any fan not exceeding (even /hillings per annum.

For each and every houfe of the yearly rent of ten pounds or upwards.





Anno nono GeoRgii IL c. iOr	[ 1735,

wards 1 and under twenty pounds, any fum not exceeding twelve fbil-lings per annum.

For each and every houfe of the yearly rent of twenty pounds or upwards, and under thirty pounds, any fum not exceeding fourteen Jhillings per annum.

For each and every houfe of the yearly rent of thirty pounds or up-wards, and under forty pounds, any fum not exceeding fixteen fbil* lings per annum.

And for each and every houfe of the yearly rent of forty pounds or upwards, any fum not exceeding twenty fbillings per annum.

III.	And forafmuch as it is reafonahle that all publick buildings (bofpitals excepted) Jhould be taxed and affeffed in a due proportion to* wards the better lighting the faid city and the liberties thereof ; be it St. Paul’s ca- further ena<5ted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and thedral, and may be lawful to and for the alderman of the ward of Caftlt all other pub- Baynard, with the advice and confent of his deputy and com-* gildings, mon councilmen, or the majority of them, at his and their aSfdTcd.Car ^ difcretions, and they are hereby required yearly and every year* to tax and aflefs the cathedral church of Saint Paul; and also for the alderman of each refpeftive ward where such other pub-lick buildings refpedlively do (land, and are (ituate, by and with the advice and confent of his deputy and common councilmen, or the majority of them, at his and their difcretions, and they are hereby required yearly and every year, to tax and aflefs aft pari(h churches, church-yards, chapels, meeting-houfes, fchools, halls, markets, ware-houfes, and all other publick buildings whatsoever, fituatc, (landing, and being within their refpedlive wards, towards the eredling, fupplying, maintaining, and repairing the lights aforesaid, regard being by them always had to the number of lamps which shall be found neceflary tor the lighting the fame.

By whom IV. And it is hereby ena<£led by the authority aforesaid, th°fc ^ That the <*ean anc* chapter of the cathedral church of Saint ^j|!#	Paul for the time being, and all and every the refpedlive church-

wardens and chapel-wardens of the several parish churches and chapels, and refpe<5live head officers, mailers, wardens, and governors of all meeting-houfes, publick halls, fchools, and the occupiers or proprietors of all other publick buildings and places, within the faid city and liberties thereof refpedlively, fronting or adjoining to any of the faid publick ftreets, lanes, publick places, and paflages of the faid city and liberties thereof, and the farmers or occupiers of all and every the markets within the city and liberties thereof, shall and they refpe<flively are hereby charged with and required to pay the refpe<5livc rates and afleflinents, which shall from time to time be fo rated and aflefled upon the faid refpeflive buildings and places purfuant to this act.

On what con- V. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if th# dition the	faid dean and chapter of Saint.Pdtf/.fhall at their own cod and

chaDterof	charge, caufc the fence round the faid cathedral to be duly

*	lighted

1736.] Anno ndno Georgii II. c. 20*	15

lighted with lamps of the fame fort, and at and for the fame St. Paul to be time, and in a proportionable number, and from time to time keep the faid fence fo lighted in the fame manner as by this adt ought to be done in the other parts of Saint Paul's church-yard (which the court of lord mayor and aldermen from time to time are hereby impowered to determine) that then and fo long as they continue to light the faid fence as is hereby dire&ed, no rate or afleflment shall be laid on the faid cathedral church by virtue of the powers hereby granted; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

VI.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That in cafe The

any person or persons shall think him, her, or themfclves 0f the lord”* grieved by such tax and a(TelTment as aforesaid, it shall and mayor and may be lawful for them refpedlively, within the (pace of twen- aldermen, on ty days after such tax or affeffment shall be laid, to appeal to	to	**

the court of lord mayor and aldermen, whofe decifion shall be final and conclufive.

VII.	And whereas there are several pieces of void ground and fpacious places belonging to the faid city, lying within the fame, or It* bcrtics thereof where no inhabitants are or can be properly chargeable 0$ aforesaidy and which nevertheless ought to be well and fufficiently

lighted; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The city the chamberlain of the faid city of London, fbr the time being, chamberlain shall at the coft and charges 9/ the faid city pay such taxes and t0W afleflinents as shall be laid and rated for the due lighting of f^al to die such void ground and places, where no inhabitants are or can lord mayor, be properly charged, according to the difcretion of the alder- See. matt, deputy, and majority of the common councilmen of each ward, within which such void grounds and places are (ituate and comprifed as aforesaid, regard being by them always had to the number of lamps neceflary for the due lighting of the fame; and in cafe the faid chamberlain shall think the faid city

Keved by such tax or afleflment, he shall and may in behalf e faid citv within the space of twenty days after such tax or afleflment shall be laid, appeal to the court of lord mayor and aldermen as aforesaid, whofe determination shall be final.

VIII.	And to the end thdt the several rates and afleflinents herein before mentioned may be fully and compleatly raised and paid for the purposes aforesaid without expence, fee, or reward, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall The alderma* and may be lawful for each alderman in his ward, by and with of the ward, the advice and confent of his deputy, and common council- &c. to appoint men, or the majority of them, immediately to nominate, eleft, coUc^or4# and impower two or more fubftantial and refponfible inhabitants of and belonging to each ward, to a(k, collect, and re-* ceive the several rates or afleflinents herein before granted, and made payable by each inhabitant of such wards as aforesaid, which collectors shall continue in that office until new ones shall be chofen in the wardmote, which shall be held for the choice of other ward officers on or near Saint Thomas's day next enfuing such nomination and appointment j at which time

 v^ooQie

i 6

collS&ors when and how to account.

Anno nono GsoROll II. c. 2d;



The deputy and common councitmen to return fix inhabitants* out of which

tlie fiud collectors first chofen shall and they are hereby required to bring in their accounts to the alderman of the faid ward at the wardmote, in which they shall fpecifv and exprefs the fe-veral Turns of money by them received, and give in a lift of fqch persons as shall have negleCted or refuted to pay the rates and afieffinents fo laid on them as aforesaid, that the lame may be recovered and levied in such manner as is herein after men-* tioned.

IX. And to the intent that there may never be wanting a fufficient number of persons duly qualified to colled the rate9 and afleflments hereby granted and made payable, be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That the deputy and common council-men of each ward shall at each wardmote, to be held upon or near Saint Thomas*s day for the choice of ward officers, return the names and places of abode of fix or more fubftantial inhabitants of each ward, out of which two or more

in cafe of im-bezilment.

the colle&ors (according to the extent of the ward) shall be chofen and ap-are to be pointed at the feid wardmote to be collectors for the year en-101 penalty	an^	t^ore fwom to the true and faithful execution of

on colleftors their office before the prefiding officer at the wardmote, who is refufing to ad. hereby impowered to adminifter the faid oath ; and in cafe any person or persons fo chofen shall neglect or refufe to take upon him or them the faid office, or duly to execute the feme according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, he or they shall refpeCtively forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds* ana (till continue liable to be chofen into the feid office again the year following ; and in cafe of his or their refufal, shall be again liable to the like penalty, and fo toties quoties.

A reafTeflment X. And to the intent that refponfible persons ipay be chofen to be made, appointed collectors in each ward, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That in cafe any collector or collectors, receiver or receivers, of the feid rates and affefiments, shall im-bezile, make away with, detain, or mifapply any fum or fums of money, fo collected by him or them for the ufes aforesaid, the fame shall be again rated and laid on the inhabitants of each ward, and collected and levied by a reafleflment on all the inhabitants, in proportion to what they had or ought to have paid.

XI. And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore-feid. That in cafe any inhabitant of the faid city of London, or any other person or persons hereby intended to be charged and rated towards defraying the expence of lighting the faid city as aforesaid, shall negleCl or refufe to pay and difeharge such rates and afleflments, as he, (he, or they shall be charged with, according to the true intent and meaning of this aCt, after such rates and afleflments shall refpeCtively be demanded, that then and fo often it (half and may be lawful to and for the faid collector or collectors, receiver or receivers, and every or any of Wlio to grant them, by warrant obtained under the hand and feal of the lord the warrant mayor of the faid city for the time being, or of the alderman, tor diftrefs. 0f the ward where such person or persons fo neglecting or refilling

Diftrefs on nonpayment.



*7

Anita ilono Georgii II. c. 2b.

fafing to pay shall inhabit or be chargeable (which warrant the laid lord mayor or such alderman is hereby authorized and required to grant) to take and didrain the gOods and chatties of such person or persons fo negle&ing or reiufing, and the fame » to fell, rendering the overplus, if any such shall be, after having deducted the reafonable charges of such didrefs, to the owner of such goods and chatties demanding the fame.

XII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority nforefaid, AflVflmentt* That every collector or collators of the rates and aueflinents be collected iforefaid (nail colleCt the fame half-yearly, and pay the money halt-yearly, into the chamber of the city of London, as he or they shall receive the lame, in such manner that such collector or collectors

(hall never have a fum exceeding fifty pounds fo collected at one time in his or their hands by the space of ten days; arid if filch collector or collectors shall keep and retain in his and their hands more than the faid fum of fifty pounds longer than ten days, he and they shall refpeCtively forfeit the sum of five pounds for every such offence (which faid penalty shall be re- T,lcfornl?^ covered and levied as any other penalty is hereby directed to be receipts, recovered and levied) and on payment of every such sum of money into the chamber of the faid city of London such collector or collectors shall take a receipt for the fame from the faid chamberlain or one of his clerks, in which receipt shall be fpe-cified and expreffed the name of such collector and collectors, the fum paid, and the name of the ward wherein the money hath been collected; and the chamberlain of the faid city of London for the time being, or such of his clerks as shall be by him for that pufpofe appointed, shall be obliged, and he and they is and are hereby required, to give such receipt without fee or reward; and such receipts shall by the collector and collectors be produced to the alderman of the ward at the time he fettles and adjufts his yearly account; and shall by the faid alderman be taken and allowed as a full and fufficient difeharge for all and every such fum and fums of money such collectors or receivers shall have received and paid into the chamber of the city of Loudon as aforesaid.

XIII.	And to the end that the payment of the faid rates and afieflments for the purposes aforesaid may the more effectually

be enforced, be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, Freemen not

That every freeman of London liable to pay the faid rates and paying the

afleflments, who shall have negleCted or refufed to pay the faid *ald

rates and affeffments to the person or persons authorized and ^ateVfr^m*'

impowered to coHeCt and receive the fame, or shall have defired voting at elec-

to be excufed from paying such rates and affeffments, shall be tions.

under the fame incapacity of voting at elections within the faid

city of London, as any person or persons now i6 or are, who do

not pay their fcot or lot to the several yearly rates and taxes, to

which the citizens of London are at this time or shall hereafter

become liable.

XIV.	And to the intent that no monopoly in lighting the faid city and liberties thereof be for the time to come attempt-

Vot.XVlI.	C	cd.

The aider, man of each ward, &c. to contra# for

18	Anno	nono Georgii II. c. 20.	[1736.

ed, whereby the expence thereof will be greatly enhanced* and the work not fufficiently performed; be it ena#ed by -the authority aforesaid, That each alderman, by and with the advice and confent of his deputy and the majority of his 09mmon council men, shall and may, and he is hereby required, authe-fetringup,and rized, and impowered to contra# and agree for the number of trimming the lamps neceflary to be ere#cd and fet up in and for his wardt lamps for one an(j the charge thereof, on polls or irons, as^he shall think beft year*	to order, and shall be moft effectual for the purposes hereby in-

tended ; and also that each such alderman, with such advice and confent as aforesaid, shall and may contra# with any person or persons, for the lighting, trimming, fnuffing, cleanfing, fop-t plying, maintaining, and repairing such number of lamps as C°n	neceffary f°r war^; provided neverthelef9, that fuch

ejureedThe0 contra# be made for the space of one whole year and no longer fum appoint* at one time, and shall not exceed such Turn for each lamp, 39 shall be dire#ed and ordered by the mayor, aldermen, and commons in common council aflembled, in cafe they shall think fit to fettle and dire# the fame.

XV.	Provided always, and it is further ena#ed by the authority aforesaid. That no alderman, deputy, or common councilman, during his continuance in such office, or any person of persons in truft for him, them, or any of them, shall be concerned or interefted in any contra# or otherwise, for lighting the laid city or any part thereof, or for providing and fixing any of the faid lamps, pods, or irons, or other materials' neceflary thereto.

XVI.	And be it further ena#ed by the authority aforefeid, bcrlahi To pay That the chamberlain of the faid city of London for the time all draughts being, shall and may, and he is hereby authorized and required

to pay all and lingular the orders or draughts on him to be made by the alderman of each ward, with the advice of his deputy, and the majority of the common councilmen of each ward refpe#ively, in difeharge of such contra# or contra#s they shall or may re(pe#ively enter into, as well for providing ana ere#ing, as for lighting, trimming, fnuffing, cleaning, fupplying, maintaining, and repairing the lamps within each and lingular the wards of the faid city. And alfo, that he the laid chamberlain for the time being shall and he is hereby required to keep regular and clear entries, in a book to be for that purpose by him provided, of all and lingular the receipts and payments he shall make on the account of lighting the faid city as aforesaid, diftinguilhing each ward under diftm# heads; tobeinfpefted to	every citizen of London shall and may have free

without tee. accefs in office hours, and shall be permitted to infpe# the fame without fee or reward; and also that the chamberlain for the time being foall have the faid account audited and pafled in the fame manner, and by the fame persons, who are now appointed, or shall be appointed, to audite the accounts of the chamberlain of the faid city of London*

XY M.M

l appo: ed by the mayor, See,

No alderman, &c. to be interefted in such contra#*. '

The cham-

made on him by the alder-man of the ward, Sec.

■nd enter them diftin#-ly in a book,



Ahn6 nono Georgii II. c. i6'.

XVII. And whereas several evil difpofed prrfons have brohn,0 end may xviff'tdfy and malicioufly break and deflroy thi lamps hung mtm thefireets of this city \ now to prevent the like malicious parties for the future, be it further enarted bv the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons (hall, from and after Penalty 6ii the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred^ malicioufly and thirty fix, wilfully or malicioufly break, throw down, or*^rc?km? °r extinguiih any lamp that is or shall be hung out, or fet up to th^kunp*.1”* light the Greets, or wilfully damage the pofts, irons, or other furniture thereof, every person fo offending therein, and bein£ thereof converted by the oath of one or more witness of witnefles before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the city of London, shall for the first offence forfeit the sum of forty Stillings for each lamp fo broken, thrown down, extinguiftied, or otherwise damaged, and for the fecond offence the sum of fifty killings, and for the third offence the sum of three pounds, to be recovered and levied in such manner as in this aft is mentioned.

XVIIt. And Whereas it is irhpoffible to afeertain the exaft expence, which may accrue to the faid city of London, in providing, fup-pfying, and maintaining such lights as aforesaid\ as well from the alteration in the price of oil and other materials, as from other unforeT fun accidents and cafualties, which may happen \ be it therefore . farther enafted, That if at the expiration of seven years it shall nieTafter1^"

I be found that any furplus shall have arifen from the money ycars how to j cdlertcdby virtue of this aft, over and above what shall have bediipofedof. f been iflued and applied in purfuance hereof, for the finding* fupplying, and maintaining such lights as aforesaid, such fur-plus money shall remain in the chamber of the faid city of Lon-dm, to be applied either in aid of the orphans fund, or in abatement or diminution Of future affefiments for the purposes of this art, or to be otherwise difpofed of to or for the ufe and benefit of the citizens of London, as they by any aft of common council shall diredt and appoint.

XIX. And it is hereby further enafted, That the mayor, \\Qvr ancj aldermen, and commons, in common council affembled, mall when the af-and they are hereby impowered and required at a court of com- feffments are mori council to be held, as foon as conveniently may be after t0 bc the twenty fourth day of J\tne, one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, to order and appoint a rate and afleflment to be made purfuant to the powers hereby granted and given, to commence on the twenty fifth day of March preceding, and to j continue till. the twenty fifth day of December following ; and I that the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, shall yearly and every year between the first day of January and the laft day of February order and direft what rates and affefiments shall be made on the inhabitants for the purposes aforesaid, which afleflment shall be for one whole year, Commencing the twenty fifth day of December preceding the faid order.

Cl	XX. And

20	Anno	none Georgii II. C. 20.	£1736.

XX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforeiaid* 5 V penalty on That if any collector or collectors shall negledt or refufe to collectors re- bring in his and their accounts to the alderman of the ward at fating to ac- the wardmote held on or near Saint Thomas's day, he jor they wafdnu>te on refpe&ivety forfeit the sum of five pounds, and in like or near St. manner the fame fum of five pounds for every, twenty days he Thomas's day. or they detain the faid account, to be recovered and levied by such ways and means as herein after in this a<5t is mentioned.

Warrants of XXI. And to prevent as much as may be any deficiency hap-diftrefs how pening in the collecting the rates and afleflments aforesaid, be to he eranted lt furt^er enaCted, That the collector or collectors of all and ®	•	*	every	the wards of the faid city shall and he and they are here-

by required in cafes of refufal or nonpayment of the several rates and afleffments aforesaid within thirty days after the re-fpeCtive rates and afleflments shall become due, to apply to the lord mayor for the time being, or to the alderman of the re-fpeCtive wards where such refufal or non-payments shall happen, for a warrant to diftrain for the faid rate and affeflinent, and shall take care to execute or caufe the (ame to be duly executed.

The manner XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^determining That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord mayor pecunianTpe- ^or ^ie ^me being, or anY two or more juftices of the peace nalties. for the city of London, to hear and determine any of the offences which are made fubjeCt to and punilhable by any pecuniary penalties directed to be levied by this aCt; and such juftices of the peace are hereby authorized and required upon any informations exhibited or complaint made in that behalf within ten days after such offence committed, to fummon the party or parties accufed, and the witnesses on either fide, and after oath of the commiffion of any of the faCts above-mentioned by one or more credible witness or witnesses to iffue a warrant or warrants for apprehending the party offending in the faid city of London, and upon the appearance or contempt of the party accufed in not appearing, upon the proof of notice given, to proceed to the examination of the witness or witnesses on oath (which oath they are hereby authorized, impowered, and required to adminifter) to give such judgment, fentence, or determination, as shall be juft and comformable to the tenor and true meaning of this adt. And where the party accufed shall be convidted of such offence, either by view of the faid juftices, or any of them, or upon such information as aforesaid, or on confeflion of the party accufed, it shall and may be lawful for such juftices to iffue warrant or warrants for the levying the pecuniary penalties and forfeitures fo adjudged on the goods and chattels of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof, in cafe they shall not be redeemed in five days, rendring to the party the overplus, if any there be; and in cafe any per-fon or persons shall be convicted in purfuance of this adt of breaking, throwing down, or exfinguiftiing any lamp to be

hung



1736.] Anno nono Gegrgii II. c.20.

' 2r

hung or fct up as aforesaid, and no goods or chattels of any persons fo offending can at the time of such convidion be found, then and in such cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the juftice or juftices of the peace, before whom such person or per-fons shall be convided as aforesaid, to commit such offender to the houfe of corredion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding the space of three months, or until such pecuniary penalty or penalties shall be paid.

XXIII.	Provided nevertheless. That it shall and may be p0Prcr 0f lawful to and for such juftices of the peace from time to time, tigating the" where they fee caufe, to mitigate, compound, or leffen any of faud penalties, thefaid forfeitures or penalties, as they in their diferetion mall

think fit, fo as such mitigation do not extend to remit above one moiety of the penalties inflicted and directed to be levied by this ad; and every such mitigation shall be a fufficient dif-charge to the persons offending refpedively, for fo much of the laid penalties and forfeitures as shall be fo leffened, mitigated, or remitted.

XXIV.	Provided alfo. That if any person or persons shall Quarter fer. find him, her, or themselves aggrieved, or remain unfatisfied fi°ns finally to in the judgment of the faid juftices, then such person or per- determine ap-fons shall and may by virtue of this ad complain or appeal to ** s'

the juftices of the peace at their next quarter feflions to be held for the faid city of London, who are hereby impowered to fum-mon and examine witnefles upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame 5 and in cafe of convidion to iffue warrant or warrants for levying and compelling by such means as a-forefaid the payment of the faid penalties and forfeitures.

XXV.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority a- Penalties how forefaid. That all the penalties to be levied by virtue of this to be applied, ad shall be paid and applied in manner following ; that is to

fay, one moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform and fue for the fame, and the other moiety to the aider-man of the ward where such offence shall be committed, *to be by him paid over into the chamber of London, to be accounted for and applied as part of the fund for providing and maintaining such lights within the faid city as aforesaid.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That if any adion or fuit shall be commenced against any per- adions.

fon or persons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, that in every such cafe the adion or fuit shall be brought within fix months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in London, and not elfewhere j and the defendant or defendants in such adion or fuit fo to be brought shall and may plead the general iffue, Not guilty, and Gcncral j(puc# give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their adion or aftions, fuit or fuits, or if upon demurrer judgment shall be ^iven against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant and de*-fendants shall and may recover treble cofts, and have such re- Treble ooftt.

medy





xi	Anno	pono	Georgii II. e. 21,-23.	1^73^?

medy for the fame as any defendant or defendants bather hav^ in any other cafes by law.

Pcblick aft. XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* That this aft shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft, and be judicially taken notice of as such by alt judges* juftices, and other persons whatsoever, without fpecial-r ly pleading the fame.

CAP. XXL

10eo. a. c. 3. Ait aft for repairing the highways from Sunning Lane End* next Twy?

ford* to the Old Bear Inn in Reading in the county of Berks.

CAP. XXII.

 An act for rebuilding the parijh church of Gainlburgh in fh$ county of Lincoln.

WHEREAS the body of the parijh church of Gainfburgh in the county of Lincoln is much decayed and in a ruinous condition; and the walls, arches, and pillars thereof are fo Jhaken and declined from their proper pofitions, that the faid church is in th$ opinion of judicious workmen incapable of being repaired; but as the expence of taking down and new ere fling thereof will be too heavy upon many of the parishioners, unless a fund be efablijhed for raiftng the fame ly ftnall payments, from an annual tax or duty, &c.

CAP. XXIII.

 An act for laying a duty upon the retailers of fpiritueus li-qttorsy and for licencing the retailers thereof.

Preamble. \ X 7 HERE A S the drinking of fpirituous liquors or Jlrong wa-Tbife duties VV Urs is become very common, specially amongfl the people of are repealed by lower and inferior rank, the ccnjlant and exceffive uje whereof tends j6 Geo. a. c.8. grcatJy to the deflruflion of their healths, rendring them unfit f or ujeful labour ana biifinefs, debauching their morals, and inciting them to perpetrate all manner of vices; and the ill confequences of the ex-cejjive ufe of such liquors are not confined to the present generation, but extend to future ages, and tend to the dcvajlation and ruin of this kingdom: for remedy whereof may it pleafe your most excellent Majesty that it may be enafted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritpal and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the After *9 Sept, fame, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September J7*6f no per- jn t\lc 0f our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty cliltrlled^1- *IX> n0 Perf°n or persons whatsoever shall prefume, by him, rituousliquors her, or themfelves, or by any other person or persons whatfo-of any fort, ever employed by him, her, or them, or for his, her or their benefit, to fell or retail any brandy, rum, arrack, ufquebaugh, geneva, aqua vita, or any other diftilled.fpirituous liquors, or ftrong waters, unmixed, or mixed with themselves or any other In lefs quan- ingredients, and by whatsoever name or names they are or may tity than % * he called, publickly or privately, in any lefs quantity than twp gallons, gallons, without first taking out a licence for that purpofe, as is

1936.} Anno 001101 Georgii II. C. %$.

herein after direded, within ten days at lead before he, (he or they (Hall fell, or offer to fell, or retail the fame, for which he, without pay-(he or they shall immediately upon taking out thereof pay down 2nS down 5° 1* for the fame the sum of fifty pounds in manner following; that aTthe e^cife1 is to fay. If such licence be taken out within the limits of the office in Lon-j>enny poll, then the fame shall be paid at the chief office of don, if in the excife in London, or at any other place, and to such persons as limiU his  Majesty’s commiffioners for the duties of excife for the time P° 5 being shall appoint to receive the fame; and that such persons as by tbe fain commiffioners shall be appointed, are hereby empowered to deliver such licences to any such person or persons upon his, her or their paying down for the fame the aforesaid fum of fifty pounds at the time of taking out thereof; but if if without such licence shall be taken out without the limits aforesaid, then thofe the fame shall be paid by all and every the persons fo taking out o^ce^extad-fuch licence at the office of excife next adjoining to the place joining to the where he, (he or they refpedively refide or inhabit, or at any perfon’s place other place, and to such persons, as his  Majesty’s commiffion- of refidence. ers for the duties of excife for the time being shall appoint to receive the fame; and such persons as by the faid commiffioners shall be appointed, are hereby impowered to deliver such licences to any such person or persons, upon his, her or their paying down for the fame the aforesaid fum of fifty pounds at the time of taking out thereof.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The like fum every person or persons, that shall take out such licence as a- to be paid on forelaid, is and are hereby required to take out a frefh licence renewing tbe ten days at lead before the expiration * of twelve months aftCr hcenwev^y^ the taking out of the first licence, before he, (he or they d6 Jefore^he ex* prefume or offer to fell any such fpirituous liquors in any lefs pirationofthe quantity than two gallons, and in the fame manner to renew old one. mch licence from year to year, paying down the like fum of1001

fifty pounds for each and every new or renewed licence, at the Without fuck places, and at the times before mentioned ; and if any person licence, and or persons shall prefume or offer to fell or retail any of the faid renewal, fpirituous liquors in any lefs quantity than aforesaid, without «iG«o.*.c.»6. taking out such licence, and renewing the fame yearly, as ir> 2* co**,c,+°* manner aforesaid, he, (he or they shall refpedively forfeit and lofe the sum of one hundred pounds for each offence.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, 20s. per gallon

That for all such fpirituous liquors, or ftrong waters, by what- on all fpiritu-ever name or names they are or may be called, as any person ous liquors or persons retailing them, or any of them, in any lefs quantity rct^led after than aforesaid, or any person or persons in truft for him, her ** tePp’aid by or them, or for his, her or their ufe or beiiefit, shall be poffeffed the retailers; of, or interefted in, upon the faid twenty ninth day of Septem-Tb*fi duties kr9 one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, or at any time	16

after, there shall be raised and paid unto your Maiefty, your Ueo% c* * heirs and successors, a duty after the rate of twenty millings for

every gallon thereof, and in that proportion for a greater or leffer quantity, to be paid by the refpedive retailers thereof,

C 4	over





Anno nono Georgii II. c.23.

C*73&

8uch liquors retailed in England, &c. to be under the management of the

ever and above all other duties charged and chargeable on the fame.

IV.	And, for the better afeertaining, charging, colleding* railing, levying and fecuring the rates and duties by this ad impofed on the faid fpirituous liquors, and preventing frauds therein, be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That such of the faid rates and duties by this ad granted, as are charged upon such fpirituous liquors as shall be retailed in Eng-land, Wales* or the town of Berwick upon Tiveed, shall be under

cojnndflioners r*cc*P* and management of the commiffioners and officers-of excife. of his  Majesty’s revenue of excife in England for the time being; Thofe inScot- and such of the faid rates and duties as are impofed by this ad land, under upon such fpirituous liquors as shall be retailed in Scotland* shall fioners^ f ex- under the receipt and management of the commiffioners and cife there. officers of the excife in Scotland for the time being; which faid fevcral and refpedive commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them, shall be his  Majesty’s commiffioners for granting such licences for retailing such fpirituous liquors ; and the faid refpedive commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them, have hereby power by commiffion under their refpedive hands and feals to conftitute and appoint under them such officers as Hi in nithd'e	neceflary in that behalf; and all monies arifing by

duties and li-* the faid duties and by the licences for the fale thereof herein cences to be before mentioned (the neceflary charges of raising and account-paid into the ing for the fame excepted) shall from time to time be paid into ’ the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer diftindly and apart from all othe/pub-1 othcr branches of the publick revenues, fubjed and liable to lick revenues, the ufes and purposes herein after mentioned.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, diredions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things, which in and by an ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled,  An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knight ftrvice* and purveyance, and fettling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Jaw now in force relating to his  Majesty’s revenue of excife upon beer, ale, and othefliquors, as are pro-

and all others vided, fettled or eftablifhed for managing, levying, raifing, relating to the collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or afeertaining £to be in the duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in fuen force for re- cafes for which other penalties or provifions are preferibed by covering thefe this ad) shall be exercifed, applied, ufed and put in execution diukf.	in and for the managing, railing, levying, colleding, mitigat-

ing, adjudging, afeertaining, recovering and paying the duties upon the faid fpirituous liquors by this ad granted, as fully and etfedually'to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the /aid powers, authorities, rules, diredions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things were particularly repeated and again enaded in the body of this present ad; and that one moiety of the fines, penalties and forfeitures, by this ad granted, lhall go and be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and

1	luccdlors^

The ad ?*

Car. 2. for

taking aavay ike court of nxjards and liveries, &c.



y 

!73&] Anno nono Georgia II. c. 23.	25

successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or per-> fons who shall inform or fue for the fame.

VI.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforesaid. An entry in That every person or persons, who after the faid twenty ninth writing to be day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix,

(hall fell or offer to fell or retail any fpirituous liquors or nrong &c. at the next waters, by whatever name or names they are or may be called, office of exin any lefs quantity than two gallons, (hall, at lead ten days cife, 10 days . before he, (he or they shall fell or offer to fell by retail any such fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, make a true and particular	’

entry in writing of all warehoufes, ftorehoufes, (hops, cellars, vaults, rooms or other places whatsoever, by him, her or them refpc&ively ufed, or intended to be ufed, for the laying, keeping, or retailing any of the faid fpirituous liquors, or ftrong waters, at the next office of excife within the limits wherein such warehoufes, ftorehoufes, (hops, cellars, vaults, or other rooms or places shall be fituated, and also of all fpirituous liquors, or ftrong waters, by whatever name or names they are or may be called, which at the time of making such refpedtive entries, or which at any time after, shall be in such warehoufes, ftorehoufes,

(hops, cellars, vaults, rooms, and other places, and every of them refpeftively, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of twenty on penalty of pounds for every such warehoufe, ftorehoufe, (hop, cellar, vault, 20	*ack

room, and other place, which shall be fo made ufe of by such ou c> retailer, and forty (hillings for every gallon of such fpirituous and forfeiting liquors or ftrong waters, which shall be concealed, and not en- 40s- P?r gained as herein is directed, together with all the fpirituous ft. Jon, with the quors or ftrong waters which shall be found therein, or con-	111(1

cealed as aforesaid, and the calks and other veflels containing the fame.

VII.	And, for the better fecuring jhe duties hereby granted. No fpirituous and preventing any foreign brandies, ftrong waters, or other liquors to be fpirits, to be run into this kingdom; be it further enadled by brought into the authority aforesaid, That from and after the faid twenty

ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty without nofix, no brandy, rum, arrack, aqua vita, ufquebaugh, or any tice to the ex-other fpirituous liquors, or ftrong waters, by whatever name or officer, names they are or may be called, shall be brought into any such ^ certifi-' warehoufe, ftorehoufe, (hop, cellar, vault, room, or other cate> that the place made ufe of by any retailer of any of the faid fpirituous duties have liquors or ftrong waters, without first giving notice thereof to been paid, &c. the officer of excife of the divifion or place where such ware- ^penalty of houfe, ftorehoufe, (hop, cellar, vault, room or other place in 20 * which such fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters as aforesaid, are intended to be lodged, is fituated, and producing to the faid officer, and leaving with him an authentick certificate, that the duties charged or chargeable by any law now in being upon the faid fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters have been actually paid, or that the fame have been condemned as forfeited, or were part of the ftock of fome ictailer of any of the faid fpiritu-ous liquors or ftrong waters, of whic}i an account had been

taken

 

2 6	Anno	nano	Georgii II. c. 23 J	f 173d.

taken purfuant to this a<St, and exprefTmg the quantity and quality thereof, the name of the feller, and at what place the faid duties were paid, or the faid liquors condemned as aforesaid, *>r of whofe flock the fame was part; on pain of forfeiting the fam of twenty pounds, together with the faid liquors fo brought in without fuck notice and certificate as aforesaid, with the cafks and all other veflels whatsoever containing the fame.

40s. per gal- VIII. And be, it further enabled by the authority aforefcid, ten penalty on That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, ooe rituous^S ***** thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, no retailer of any such quore^ after fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters as aforesaid, shall make any the account increafe of such liquors, after the fame have been taken ad ac-taken of them count of by any officer or officers for the faid duties hereby ^ndthe^U CCF *	by	*nY	private	or clandeftine addition thereto of water,

quors forfeit- ^ anY other liquors, on pain of forfeiting the sum of forty (hil-^d to his Ma- lings for every gallon of such fpirits, and water, or other liquors iefty.	mixed as aforesaid; all which fpirituous liquors lb muted (hall

and may be feiied and taken by the officers of the laid duties for his  Majesty’s ufe.

Officer may IX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, enter ware- That it shall and may be lawful for the officers of the dudes houfes, &c# by by this a& granted, or any of them, from time to time, and at an5 tafte^nd ^ times bv day and by night (but if in the night-time in the gauge the li- prefence o( a conftable or other officer of the peace, oath being iirft made by any such officer or other person before any juftice of the peace dwelling in or near such place, of a probable caufe of fufpe&ing the concealment of any such fpirituous liquors therein) to enter into all and every the faid warehoufes, ftore-houfes, (hops, cellars, vaults, rooms, or other places made ufe of by any retailer of any such fpirituous liquors or ftrong wa-*	ters as aforesaid, for keeping the fame, and by tafting, gauging,

or otherwise, to take an account of the quantity or quality of all such fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, as mall at any time be in their or any of their cuftody; and if any such retailer as aforesaid shall hinder or refufe the (aid officer or officers to enter into his, her or their warehoufes, ftorehoufes, (hops, cellars, vaults, rooms and other places, or any of them, to take such account as aforesaid, or shall let, hinder, or obftrudl the pi. penalty faid officer or officers in the execution of any of the powers or ob5ru^.lnS authorities by this aCt given to him or them, the person or perils dutv^1*1 f°ns °ffcn<hng therein shall for every such offence forfeit and lofe the sum of fifty pounds,

X.	And whereas many persons concerned in trades, who employ great numbers cf journeyman^ workmen^ fervan's, labourerj, and other artificers, deal in fpirituous liquors> and retail the fame at ex-Licences to be Ciffae ratis t0 P^fcns working under them ; be it further enadled granted to by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the faid twen-persons keep- ty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and mg visual- thirty fix, no licence shall be granted to any person or persons inm &c.only. whatsoever, for felling by retail any fpirituous liquors or ftrong *	'	waters whatsoever, except to such persons only who shall keep

publick

quors there found.





f73&-} VUnonop* GgeROU II. c.t$f	27

publick vi£hwllmg-hou&$, irm$, coffee-boufes, afe-houles, or praofty-lhops, and ufe or excrcife no other trade whatfoeyer;

^nd if foch licence? (hail be granted, the fame are hereby declared void to alj intents and purgpfes.

XI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if Pcrfons

any perfoo or persons (hall, from and after the faid twenty ninth ingany part of day of SspUmtyr, one tboufand seven hundred and thirty fix, journeymen* agree or central with any journeyman, workman, fervant, la- wages in fpi-bourer, or other person employed by or working under him, or them refpe&ivdy, in manner following ; that is to lay. If Seemed re-fucb mailer, miftrefs, or other person or persons, shall agree to tailers, pay such journeyman, workman, fervant, labourer, or other person employed by or working tinder him, her, or them, or under his, her, or their direction, fo much money for wages, and such a quantity of fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, as together with fuen money lhall amount to the value of the yrages as shall be ordinarily and ufually paid for the work such journeyman, workman, fervant, labourer, or other perfon, lhall be employed in, 6r lhall fet off, Hop, or dedudt, all or any part of the wages or hire due to such journeyman, workman, fervant, or labourer, for any fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters delivered to them by him, her, or them, or any other perfon, such person or persons, fo offending, lhall be deemed a retailer within the meaning of this a&, and (hall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds over and above alltnd forfeit sol other the penalties and forfeitures impofed by this a&; and such journeyman, journeyman, workman, fervant, labourer, or other perfon, &c. to recover lhall be intitled to his or her whole wages, notwithstanding any his whole such agreement, fetting off. Hopping, or dedu&ing, and shall 1\?t* have the like remedy in law for the feme, as if all or any part agrCc?* of such wages were not paid.	ment*

XII.	Provided always. That this a£t shall not extend to any Spirituous lu phyftcians, apothecaries, furgeons, or chymifts, as to any fpi- SUi?r8r^a^ ** rits or other fpirituous liquors, which they may ufe in the pre- medicine*? pai?tion or making up of medicines for lick, lame, or diftempered persons only.

XIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, 101. penalty That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September^ one <>“ hawking tboufand seven hundred and thirty fix, no person or persons quo^hi* the shall hawk, fell, or expofe to fele any brandy, fpirituous li- 4rcets> quors, or ftrong waters, by whatever name or names they are &c.

or may be calfed or diftinguifhed, about the ftreets, high- 11 Geo. i.c. ways, or fields, in any wheelbarrow or balket, or upon the J qc*# 2 c water in any (hip, boat, or veflel, or in any other manner what- f. ever, or lhall fell or expofe the fame to fale on any bulk or *4 Geo. 1. c» bulks, ftall or flails, or in any (hed or (heds, or on or in any pther place or places, other than in such place or places as are herein before in this a£t mentioned or allowed, upon pain of forfeiting, for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds ; and it (hail and may be lawful to and for any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, or 2	liberty

houfe of correction for a months.

jo Geo. t. c.

17. f 9-

a8	Anno	nono	Georgii	II.	c.	23.	[1736.

liberty refpe&ively, wherein such offence shall be committed, on his or their own view, or on confeflion of the party, or by proof on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses made of such offence, to conviCt any person or persons fo offending as aforesaid, and such person or persons fo offending and convicted, shall immediately on such conviction pay the faid fum of ten pounds into the hands of the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the parish where such offence shall The offender, be committed, or one of them; and on such offender or offend-on not paying ers refufing or negleCting to pay the faid fum, the juftice or t^fSnt to the° ju^ces convicting as aforesaid shall and may by warrant or cn ° warrants under his or their hand and feal or hands and feals, commit the offender or offenders to the houfe of correction for the faid county, city, or liberty refpeCtivelv, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the space of two months, to be reckoned from the day of the faid commitment; and the person or persons fo committed shall not be discharged until he, (he, or they shall have paid the faid fum of ten pounds, or until the expiration of the faid two months 5 and every fum or fums of money arifing from the conviction of any person or persons as aforesaid, in cafe there be no informer, shall be wholly applied to the ufe of the poor of the parish, wherein the offence was committed, but if there shall be an informer/ one moiety of such money shall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety shall be paid to the overfeers and churchwardens as aforesaid, or one of them, and applied to the ufe of the poor of the parish as aforesaid.

Retailers of
XIV. Provided, and* it is hereby declared, That nothing in fpirituous li- this ad shall extend or be conftrued to enable any person or per-cenft/b*36** t0 an7 fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters by retail, un-cen c X 2 iefs such person or persons be first licenfed by two or more of his Majesty's juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divi-fion, city, or liberty, wherein such person or persons shall fell the faid liquors, under the hands and feals of the faid juftices ; for which licence or licences the sum of two (hillings and- fix pence, and no more, shall be paid to the clerks of such juftices, and no fee or sum of money, or other reward whatsoever, to the clerk or clerks of the peace for entring the fame, or on any o-ther account, on pain of forfeiting five pounds, in cafe any of the faid juftices clerks or any clerk of the peace shall a(kv receive, or demand any more or other fee or fees on account of such licences, under any pretence whatsoever; and if the licence is not found and provided by the faid juftices clerks, then no fee whatsoever shall be due or received by them.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, Trfon°(lllin * That f°r ^ie morc eafy anc* expeditious fuppreffing the houfes {*erTale, o? °f such persons who lhall prefume to fell any fpirituous liquor*, ftrong waters, or any cyder, ale, beer, or other liquors by retail without a or keeping	licence from two or more juftices of the peace for that purpofe,

a disorderly	ancj diforderly houfes wherein any persons shall fell any of tho

following * faid liquors by retail, it fhalj be fufficient for any juftice or ju^

or more ju ftices.

Fee for such licence.

Any juftice



1736.J	Anno nojio Georgii II. c.23.	*3

fticcs of the peace, who shall convidt any person or persons of any or either of the faid offences, to draw up and return such convidfcion in either of the following form of words^ as the cafe shall happen, or in any other form of words to the lame effect, mutatis mutandis, that is to fay,

f

Middlefex, A, B. is convicted on bis or her own tonfejjion (or on the oath of	)	of having fold beer,

ale, or jtrong waters in the parijh of in this county, on the	day	of	without

being duly licenfed thereto by two juftices of the peace.

Given under my (or our) hand and feal (or hands and feals) this	day	of

or in cafe of diforderly houfes, inftead of the words [of having fold beer, ale, or flrong waters without being duly licenfed thereto by two juftices of the peace] to ufe the words following [of keeping a diforderly houfe] and if occalion requires, to add, that the fame is the fir ft, fecond, or third conviction \ which laid con-vi&ions, in the fame or like form of words, shall be good and effedhial in law to all intents and purposes, and shall not be quaflied, fet afide, or adjudged void or inefficient for want of any other form of words whatsoever, fubjeft nevertheless to an appeal to the next general quarter feflions of the peace for the county, riding, divihon, city, or liberty, where such offence was committed, after such conviction, by any party aggrieved thereby.

XVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, Perfons gi ving one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, if any person or	fPIrltu"

persons, who shall vend, fell, or utter any wares, goods, pro-	tQ

vifions, or other things by retail, shall give away any fpirituous apprentices liquor or liquors to any fervant or apprentice coming to his, fetching her, or tneir (hops or houfes to buy, fetch, or carry away any such wares, goods, provifions, or other things, or under the deemed°rel pretence of his or her being a cuftomer, or under any other pre- tailers. tence, every such person or persons, fo giving away such fpirituous liquor or liquors, shall be deemed and taken to be a retailer or retailers of fpirituous liquors within the meaning of this a St, and as such shall be fubjedt and liable to the penalties and forfeitures impofed by this adt on every retailer of fpirituous liquors, offending contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adh

XVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The faid du-That the duties and revenues which shall arise by licences for tics made part vending brandy or (pirits, as also the present duties on low th* *5§re-wines, ftrong waters, brandy, rum, arrack, and all other fpi- gatc tua rits, whether foreign or Britijh, and such duties as shall arife

by retailing the fame, shall from and after the faid twenty ninth day of Sept ember % one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix.



Aflno nono G46Rg»h H.	[173:6.

be united to and made part of the general or Aggregate fund cftabliftted by tbe ad of the tirft year of the reign of his latte Majesty King George the First, and be iflued and applied to the ufes to which the (aid fund is or dhall be made applicable.

XVIII.	And whereas the faii duties upon low wines, Jirong waters, brandy, rum, arrack, and all other /pints, whether f oreign $r Britifti, are among/ other duties and revenues charged with and liable to pay several Jums of money, as well for the support of his Majejlies boujbold and fondly, and the honour and dignity of the crown, as for payment of annuities and other payments to several corporations, and to other persons intitled thereunto; and it may fa happen, that by making the alterations aforesaid in the faid duties, tbe funds charged with the payments aforesaid may prove deficient: and whereas by a medium of eight years, computed from the time of his Majestys happy acceffion to the throne to Midfummer loft pajt, the sum offaumty thousand pounds is taken to be the medium of the an* nual produce of what has been applied of the duties aforesaid to the fervid of his Majejlfs boujbold and family: to the end therefore that neither his Majesty, nor any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, who is or are intitled to any part, (hare,or interest in the money arifing by the faid duties, may be lofers, of receive any prejudice by the alterations rforefeid ; be it ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That from a^d after the faid twenty ninth day of Sepftemher, one thoufend seven hundred and thirty fix, there (hail be paid to his Majesty during his natural life

70,0001.	per (which God long prreferve) out of the monies of the faid gene-ann.tobe paid ral or aggregate fund, the sum of feventy thousand pounds to his Majesty per annum, being the aforesaid medium of what has annually beeri fund. thcfald applied of the duties aforesaid towards the  service of hi9 Ma-jefty’s houfhold and family and! other his expences and occa-(ions, from his happy acceffion to the throne to Alidfummer laft paft.

Deficiencies XIX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, bow to be fup- That when and as often as any deficiency (hail happen upon plied.	any other the funds, for which the faid duties were applicable,

it (nail and may be lawful to and for the cootmiffioners of hia  Majesty’s treafury now being, or the high treafurer, or thecom-miffioners of his  Majesty’s treafury for the time being, to make good and supply the faid deficiency from time to time out of the faid general or aggregate fund.

Juftices may XX. And for the more eafy difeovery of persons, Who fhaH fy™mon ex- keep a common ale-houfe or tippling-houfe without licence, of Sve°sm^c-t0 w^1° prefume to fell any fpirituous liquors, or any ale, beer, count on oath cyder, perry, or other liquors by retale, without such licence of touching the licences as are by law required for vending the fame; be it cn-entries of fpi- a<<ted ^y the authority aforesaid, That it (halt and may be law-Quon&c. to an<* f°r every juft ice or juftices of the peace tofwnmon of made by per- call before him or them any excife officer or gauger within theif fons fuioefted refpeAive divifions, and to examine the faid officer or gaugef to fell them upon oath touching the entry of any fpirituous liquors, ale, beer* cyder, or perry, made by any person fufpe&ed to fell the fame ^ *	without

 

I73&J Anna nano Gborgii II. c. 24.	31

without licencev and every person making such entry, shall bet deemed a feller of such liquors fo entred to all intents and pur-< poles, as if the fame had been proved before such juftice or ju-dices by the oath of two witnefTes.

XXf. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid.

That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one have°cxcn:ifed thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, any person or persons, diftilling 7 who have followed and exercifed the art or bufinefs of diftillation years, or on for seven years laft paft, or have ferved, or on the twenty fifth *5 Mjuxh, day of March, one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, were pre^c^&cT fervingany apprenticed^ to the fame, shall and may have full may follow liberty and authority to exercife and follow any other trade, art, any trade in bufinefe, or manufa&ure in any city, town or place, within that any city^&c. part Great Britain called England 5 any law, charter, grant, cu- J0,?60’

Horn, or ufage, to the contrary notwithstanding.	#

XXII.	Provided neyerthelefs, That nothing in this aft con- ,. tained shall extend to charge with any of the duties directed to ™xtend°to be paid, levied, or rcoftived^ as aforesaid, any fpirits made or aqua vitse re-dilblled from onalt^ and retailed and confirmed within that part tailed and of Great Britain called Scotland, which fpirits ire commonly c^umed in called or known by the name.of Aqua vita in.tbat part of the Scotland* kingdom, or to fufejedt the maker's, fellefs or retailers thereof within that part of the kingdom to take such licences as are hereto before

CAP. XXIV.

An aft far exhibiting a bill in this prefect parliament for naturalizing her royal bighnefs the princefs of Wales.

WHEREAS the King’s most excellent majesty (whom God long Preamble*

; preferve) hath been gracioufly pleafed, to the great joy and fotiifahion of his people, and for the jlrengihning and fecuring of the protejlant in(*reft, to marry his eldefl fin his royal bighnefs the prince of Wales, who by following the example of his royal fatherr is pcjfejftd of virtues and accomplijhments, ivbich render him worthy tf hs great ancejlors, to a princefs of the highejl perfonal merit, and tf the ancient and illuftrious houfe of Saxe Gotha, a family re~ markable for their exalted virtues, and for their fttady adherence to the protejlant religion : and whereas we are deftrous upon this eccafion to exprefs our juft finfe of his Majestys great goodnefs to us, and our efteem and affeftion for this excellent princefs, by rendring ker capable of enjoying all our rights and privileges: and whereas by on aft pqffitd in the first year of his late Majesty King George, it Recital of thd was entitled. That no person Jhould be naturalized, unless in the bill	the

exhibited for that purpose there be a claufe, or particular words in- cfl/cwSm-ferted, to declare, that such person Jhall not thereby be enabled to bo imgbiUaof n*. of the privy council, or a member of either houfe of parliament, or to turaliialiotw take any office or place of truft, either civil or military, or to have §ny grant of lands, tenements or hereditaments, from the crown, to himfelf, or any person in truft for him j and that no bill of naturalization Jhould from thenceforth be received in either houfe of parliament*

unUJi

A bill for naturalizing the princefs of Wales may be exhibited, without n-ferting the words directed bv that dauie.

Preamble.

After *9 Sept. »7l$» the per-fon appointed by the conful, with the majority of the JJritiih mer-

Anno nono Georgii II. c. 25.	[173^

anlefs	Juch claufe or	words be fir ft	or contained therein; we

therefore your  Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons of Great Britain> in parliament aflembled, do moft humbly befeech your Majesty, that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That a bill for the naturalization of her royal highnefs the princefs of Wales (without the claufe or particular words direfted by the faid recited aft to be inferted) shall and may be exhibited and brought into this parliament; the faid recited aft, or any other law, ftatute, matter or thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXV.

 An act for more equal paying and better collefting, certain fmall fums for relief of Jkipwrecked mariners, and diftreffed persons y bis Majeftfs fubjeftSy in the torts of Cadiz and Port Saint Mary’s in the kingdom of Spain, and for other ufes9 ufually contributed to by the merchants trading to the faid ports.

WHEREAS it hath long been the cuflomand ufagefortbe conful appointed for his Majc/lys fubjefts trading to Cadiz and Port Saint Mary’s, with the majority of the Britilh merchants and fa ft or s there, to receive certain fmall fums, not exceeding one ryal plate per ducat, upon the amount of the freight of all merchandize not paying freight by the tun, and two ryals plate per tun upon all tannage goods imported in Britirti or Irifh Jhips or vejfels; which fums have been received by persons annually chofen as treafurers for that purpofiy and applied by them for the relief of Jhip-wrecked mariners, and other dijlrcffcd persons his Majesty's fubjefts, and for such other good and ufeful purposes, as have been direfted by the faid conful, with the majority of the faid merchants and faftors: and whereas several persons have refufed to pay, or eluded the payment of such Jums for the charitable purposes aforesaid, which hath occa-ftoned an unequal charge upon others of his Majefys fubjefts trading to the faid ports: now, in order to encourage and promote the good ends and purposes fo eftablifhed, and to render the contributions thereto more equal and certain, may it pleafe your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thou-fand seven hundred and thirty fix, it shall be lawful to and for such person or persons as shall be appointed by the conful named for his  Majesty’s fubjefts trading to the faid ports of Cadiz and Port Saint Mary's for the time being, together with the

majority

1736.J	Anno nono Georgii II. C. 2^.	33

majority 6f the British merchants and fa&ors there, to receive chants there* and recover from all mailers and other chief officers and com- rec.eiyc manders of all British and Irijb ihips or veffels trading to the p^ducatfor* hid ports, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one ryal Si goods im-plate per ducat on the freight of all goods and merchandize ported to Ca-fcxcept tunnage goods) imported into the faid ports in such £*? mips and veffels ; and on all tunnage goods, any fum or furas	**

of money, not exceeding two ryals plate per tun; and all bills of lading of such fhips and veffels, (nail fpecify to pay the faid monies accordingly, under the denomination of contribution, at by all of parliament, or to that effect; and the persons paying the fame ihall be reimburfed by their refpe&ive freighters, or by the persons to whom the faid goods and merchandizes shall be configned, or who ihall receive the fame 5 and in cafe the mailer or commander of such (hip or veffel shall negled to fpecify the payment of the faid monies in the bill or bills of lading a| aforesaid, he ihall be anfwerable for the fame; or in cafe no bill of lading ihall appear, or no freight or tunnage be fettled between the owner or owners of the goods, and the mailer or commander of any British or Irijb (nip or veffel trading as aforesaid, then the freight or tunnage of such goods or merchandize shall be valued by two indifferent British merchants on the place, one to be appointed by the conful, and the other by the mailer or commander of such ihips or veffels, within ten days next after the unloading of the faid goods. And in cafe the two persons fo chofen shall not agree and award the fame in three days next after such appointment, such two persons shall then choofe a third perfon, being a British merchant on the place, as an umpire, who ihall decide and determine the find valuation of freight or tunnage in three days; and such fums ihall be paid in either cafe for the purposes aforesaid, as shall be agreeable to this ad.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That Ma^ers 0f all mailers, commanders, or other chief officers of all British vcfly^ in 10 or Irijb (hips or veffels trading to the ports, of Cadiz and Port days after ar-Saint Mary* 1, and unloading and delivering the (hip or veffel rival, to deli-or any part of the cargoe there, ihall, within ten days after the vcr arrival of such (hip or veffel deliver to the conful refiding there, Writing, on or to such other person or persons as ihall be appointed for that oath, of their purpose by him, a true manifeft in writing upon oath, fpeci- cargoes, fying the particulars of the whole cargoe of such ihips or veffels

fo unloaded or delivered, or such part thereof as ihall be unloaded or delivered there, and to whom configned; which oath ftich conful, or other person or persons to be appointed by him, is and are hereby refpcClively impowered and required to ad-minifter gratis.

III.	And for better collecting the faid monies herein before clearances direded to be paid for the' charitable and other publick ufes outward to be aforesaid, be it enabled, That the faid conful, or other person detained on or persons appointed by him, in either of the faid ports of Cadiz nonpayment, or Port Saint Mary's, (hall, and they are hereby respectively au-

Vol. XVII.	D	thorized

■u

Application of the monies fo railed.

.Anno nono GeorgU II. C.2$.	{173&

thftrized and required to detain the clearances outward of all British or lrijb (hips and veffels, and not give and deliver any difpatch or bill of health for any such (hip or veflfel, until payment be made as aforesaid; and in cafe the mailer or com* mander of such (hip or veflel, in order to avoid the payment of the faid monies, shall at any time think proper to depart with* out his faid clearances outwards, in such cafe the conlul (hall, upon the return of the faid mailer or commander to any port of* his  Majesty’s dominions, have a juft adtion at law against him for all the money which by virtue of this a61 ought to have been paid.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all monies to be railed or received as aforesaid, shall be applied in the manner above mentioned ; that is to fay. To the fuccour and relief of (bip-wrecked mariners, and other diftreffed persons his  Majesty’s fubjedts, and to such other charitable and publick ufes, as shall from time to time be appointed by the conful for the time be>* jng, with the majority of British merchants and fadtors redding at the faid ports of Cadiz and Port Saint Mary’s.

Conful may y. And jt further enadled by the authority aforesaid. That n^rahneeffngs con^ ^or timc being, appointed for his  Majesty’s fub-of the Britiih jedls trading to the ports of Cadiz and Port Saint Mary's* merchants to shall from time to time as he shall fee occafion for effedling determine all the purposes of this adl, call and fummon a general meeting of ingto^eprelmerchants and fadtors refiding at the faid ports; and mifles. P * be is hereby obliged and required from time to time to call and fummon general meetings or aflemblies, as often as he shall be defired by writing under the hands of any five or more of the British merchants or fadtors aforesaid ; and the majority at such meetings or aflemblies shall from time to time order and determine all matters and things relating to the premifles. Publick adt.	VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That this

adl shall be efteemed and taken in all courts of juftice anfl elfe-where to be a publick adt, and shall be taken notice of as fuch, without fpecially pleading of the fame ; and if any adtion shall be brought, or fuit commenced, against any person or persons for any thing done in purfuance of this adt, or in relation to the premifles, the defendant or defendants in such adtion may General iflue. plead the general ifiue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of the faid adt; an^1 if the fame shall appear to have been (o done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuited, or fuffer a difeontinu-ance of his, her, or their adtion or adtions, or if a verdidt shall pafs against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants lhail have full cofts, and shall have such remedy for the lame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts in other cafes bv law.

CAP#

Pul! coft*.

,73^*] Anao norio Georgii II. c. 16.	3	J

CAP. XXVI.

An all-for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices within the time limited by law* and for allowing further time for thatfurpofe-, and for amending fo much of an all pajjed in the fecond year of the reign of his prefect Majesty, as requires persons to qualify tbemfelves for offices before the end of the next term or quarter sessions \ and also for enlarging the time limited by law for making and fubfcribing the declaration againjl tranfub-ftantiation \ and for allowing further time for inrolment qf deeds and wills made by papifis j and for relief of protefiant purchaferSy devifees, and lejfees.

WHEREAS divers persons^ who on account of their offices^ Preamble, r*-placeSy employments or trofeffions9 or any other caufe or occa- c£inS the forty ought to have taken andfubjertbed the oaths or theajfurance re- ,Gco•,•c* *3* fteflively appointed to be taken by such persons in and by an all made intbe first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First 9 of glorious memory, intituled, An for the further fecurity of his Majcfty’s person and government, and the fucceflion of the crown m the heirs of the late princefs Sophia9 being proteftants, and for extinguilhing the hopes of the pretended prince of lVales9 and his open and fecret abetters; or to have qualified themselves according to an all made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for preventing dangers 15 Car,*. c.*. which may happen from popifh recufants, by receiving the facra-merit of the Lords fupper according to the ufage of the church of England, and making and fubfcribing the declaration againjl tran-fubftantiation therein mentioned; have, through ignorance of the law9 abfemey the Jhortnefs of the time allowed for that purpofe9 or fome unavoidable accident, omitted to take and fubftribe the faid oaths or ajfurance, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforefaif within such time, and in such manner, as in and by the faid alls re/peH'wely, or by any other all of parliament in that behalf made and provided, is required, whereby they may be in danger of incurring^ divers penalties and difabilities: tor quieting the minds of his  Majesty’s fubje&s, and fpr preventing any inconveniencies that might otherwise happen by means of such omiffions, be it enabled by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Perfonsfaking all and every person of persons, who shall on or before the first the oaths, reday of Augujly in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hun- crament^c3* dred and thirty fix, take and fubferibe the faid oaths and affur- by , AUg# ance'refpeftively, in such cafes wherein by law the faid oaths 17*6, infero-or affurance ought to have been taken and fubferibed, in such nified, manner and form, and at such place and places, as are appointed in and by the faid a£t made in the first year of the reign of his faid late Majesty King George the First, and also re-

D 2	ceive



3$	'Anno	nono Georgii II. c.26.	[1736.

ceive the facrament of the Lord's fupper according to the ufage of the church of England, and make and fubfcribe the faid declaration against tranfubftantiation, in such cafes wherein the faid facrament ought to have been received, and the faid declaration ought to have been made and fubfcribed, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged of, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities and disabilities, incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of afiy former negled or omilfion of taking or fubfcribing the faid oaths or affurance, or receiving the faid facrament, or making or fubfcribing the faid declaration refpedively, according to the above mentioned ads, or any of them, or any other ad or ads concerning per-fons in offices or places of truft, and is and are and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and reftored to the fame ftate and condition, as such person and persons were in before fiich negled or omifiion, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have valid ^duTX	him, her or themfelves, according to the above-

* *	mentioned ads, and every of them, and that all ads done or

to be done by any such person or persons, or by the authority derived from him or them* are and shall be of the fame force and validity, as the fame, or any of them, would have been* if such person or persons had taken and fubfcribed the faid oaths and aflurance, and received the facrament of the Lord's fupper, and made and fubfcribed the faid declaration refpedively, according to the direction of the faid ads, and every of them ; and that such person or persons qualifying themselves in the manner and within the time appointed by this ad, shall be to all intents and purposes as effedual, as if such person or persons had refpedively taken and fubfcribed the faid oaths and aflurance, and received the faid facrament, and made and fubfcribed the faid declaration, within the time and in the manner appointed by the several ads before mentioned.

Thii ad not II. Provided always, That this ad, or any thing herein con-t0	*a*ned,	(hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to reftore

alreadv^a-C# or	anY Perf°n or persons to any office or employment

cated, or en- benefice, matter or thing whatsoever, already adually avoided joyed*by an- by judgment of any of his Majesty's courts ot record, or already other perfon. filled up or enjoyed by another perfon; but such office, employment, benefice, matter or thing, fo avoided, or filled up ana enjoyed as aforesaid, shall be and remain in and to the person or persons who is or are now intitled to the fame, as if this ad had never been made.

The indemni- HI. And whereas the time for taking and fubfcribing the oaths ap~ fying ad pointed to be taken and fubfcribed by persons on account of their offices, a Geo » c 31. places, employments, or profeffions, or on any other caufey in and by the faid ah made in the firfl year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Firfiy isy by an act made in the fecond year of the reign of his present Majefiy, intituled, An act for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpofe, and for repealing fo much of an ad of

parlia-





X73&]	Anno	nono	GeoRGII II. c. i6.

parliament palled in the first year of his late Majesty King George the First, as requires peribns to qualify themselves for offices or employments within three months, and for limiting other times for such qualifications; as also for the repeal of fo much of an ad pafled in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to the fworn Servants of the King’s or Queen’s maiefty, limited to any time before the end of the next term* after he or they /ball be admitted into or enter upon any such prefer-went, benefice, office or place, or come into any Juch capacity, or take upon him or them such practice, employment, or buftnefs, as is therein mentioned, or to any time before the end of the next quarter fe/fions cf the county, city or place, where such person /hall be or refide, after oe or they Jball be admitted into, or enter upon any such preferment, benefice, office or place, or come into any such capacity, or take upon him or them such practice, employment or buftnefs as is therein mentioned: and whereas by the laid aft made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, the reffective per-jm therein mentioned are required to make and fubferibe the declaration ogatnfi tranfubfiantiation in the next term, or at the quarter ftffions for that county or place where he or they Jhall refide, next after bis or their admittance or admittances into the refpeftive offices or employments therein mentioned, which times fo limited in the faid fenced ads are found to be too Jbort and inconvenient; now for remedy thereof, and for amending the faid alts by enlarging the laid times, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons that shall be admitted, entred, placed or taken into any office or offices, civil or military, or shall receive any pay, falary, fee or wages, by reaibn of any patent or grant from nis Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, or by his authority, or by authority derived from him or them within that put of Great Britain called England, or in his  Majesty’s navy, or in the several iflands of Jerfey and Guernfey, or that shall be admitted into any service* office or employment, in the houfe-hold or family ox his Majesty, or her Majesty, or of his royal highnefs Frederick prince of Wales, or of any of his Maiefty’s iflue, and all ecclefiaftical persons, heads or governors, of what denomination foever, and all other members of colleges and haUs within either of the univerfities of Oxford or Cambridge, that are or shall be of the foundation, or that do or shall enjoy any exhibition, being of, or as foon as they shall attain the age of eighteen years, and all persons teaching or reading to pupils in either of the aforesaid univerfities, or elfewhere, and fchoolmafters and u(hers, and all preachers and teachers of feparate congregations, high and chief conftables, and every perfoo who shall aft as feqeant at law, counfellor at law, bar* rider, advocate, attorney, folicitor, proftor, clerk, or notary, by praftifmg in any manner as such in any court or courts what-foever, within that part of Great Britain called England, who shall at any time after the first day of Augufi, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix be admitted into, or enter upon) any of the aforementioned preferments,

P 3	benefices,



places after i Aug. 1736, to take the oaths, See. withyi fix months after admiffion.

Perfons beyond the leas allowed to take the faid oaths, &c. 6 months after their return.

3$	Anno	noho Georgii IL c.26.	[1736,

All persons benefiees, offices or places, or shall come into any foch capacity, anv prefer"10 or ta^c uP°n ^im or them any foch praftice, employ-menu or ~ ment or bufinefs as aforesaid, shall take and fubferibe the oath^ appointed by the ftatute made m the first year of the reign of his late majjefty King George the First, in such form, as by that ftatute is directed, in his Majefly’s court of Chancery, King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, or at the general or quarter sessions of the county, city or place where (uch person lhall be or refide, at any time within fix calendar months after ho or they {hall be admitted into, or enter upon any foch preferment, benefice, office or place, or come into such capacity, or take upon him or them such practice, employment or butanefs, as aforesaid 5 and all and every person or persons, who, by the faid aft made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, aTe required to make and fubferibe the declaration against tranfubftantiation* shall make and fubferibe the faid declaration at the fame places, and at the fame times, as are by . this aft limited for taking and fubferibing the oaths aforesaid.

IV.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft shall extend to any person beyond the Teas, who by virtue of this aft ought to take and fubferibe the (aid oaths, or by virtoe of the faid aft made in the twenty fifth year of King Charles the Second ought to make ai>d fubferibe the faid declaration, fo as such person do within fix calendar months after his return to or arrival in that part of Great Britain called England, take and fubferibe the faid oaths, in such manner and form, and at such place and places, as are appointed in and by the faid aft made in the first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and alio receive the facrament of the Lord’s (upper according to the ufage of the church of England, and make and fubferibe the faid declaration against tranfubftantiation, in such cafes wherein the faid facrament ought to have been received, and the faid declaration ought to have been made and fubferibed.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the taketheoaths aut^lor*ty af°ref3^* That all and every person and persons a-&c. in the time forefaid thatfhall negleft or refufe to take the faid oaths, or herein limit- who shall negleft or refufe to make and fubferibe the faid declaration in cafes where the fame ought to be made and fubferibed, within the time and at the places aforesaid, according to the dlreftions of this aft, shall be liable unto and incur all such disabilities, incapacities* forfeitures and penalties, as m and by the faid aft of thelfifft year of the reign of his late ma-jefty King George the First are provided and inflifted for not taking and fubferibing the faid oaths, or are provided and inflifted by the faid aft made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second for not making and fubferibing the faid declaration ; and in cafe of executing any such office, place or employment, after such negleft or refufal as aforesaid* every such person pnd persons, being thereof lawfully con-vifted in such manner as by the faid several afts is direfted, lhall be liable unto and incur all such disabilities, incapacities,

for-

Perfons ne-

ed, to incur the penalties inflicted by the faid afts!



1736.] Anno nono GeoRGH II. C. 26.	39

forfeitures and penalties, as in and by the faid a&s are provided, to be profecuted, fued for and recovered in such manner as therein is prefcribed.

VI.	And it is hereby further enafled by the authority afore- ...

&id, That all and every the powers, authorities, conditions, ^the^itcd8 direflions and provifions in and by the faid ads of the first yeaf ads to conti-of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and of npe in full the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, *orcc» enaded or provided touching or relating to the taking and fub-fcribing of the faid oaths, and the making and fubferibing the faid declaration, or the negled or refufal thereof, shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in full force, as if the fame were herein particularly inserted and re-enadted, except only as except only as to the alteration by this ad made in refped of the times limit- ft1* a*tc5*a* cd for taking and fubferibing the faid oaths, and making and JjJJ ^ fubferibing the faid declaration, and also as to the indemnity regard to hereby granted to such who, on or before the first day of Augujl time* 1 one tnoufand seven hundred and thirty fix, shall take and fub-fcribe the faid oaths, and make and fubferibe the faid declaration, and receive the facrament of the Lord’s fupper according to the ufage of the church of England, where the fame are re-	'

Jpcdively required by law; any thing herein before contained fo the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

VII.	And whereas by a claufe in an ail of parliament poffed in j^ccjta] ^ a the third year of his late Majestys reigny intituled, An for ex- claufe in the plaining an pafled in the laft session of parliament, intituled, aa * Geo. i.  An act to oblige papifls to regifter their names and real $ftate$y and c* **•

for enlarging the time for such regiftring, and for Yecuring pur-chafes made by proteftants; it was enaftedy That from and after y the nine and twentieth day of September, in the year of our Lori ' mthoufand seven hundred and Jeventeen* no manors lands, tenement^ hereditaments, or any interejl therein, or rent or profit there-mty Jbould pafisy alter or change from any papift% or person profejfng thepopijb religion, by any deed or will, except such deed within fix months after the date, and such will within fix months after the * death of the tejlator Jbould be inrclled in one of the King's courts of word at Westminster, or elfe within the fame county or counties, wherein the manors, lands and tenements lie> in such manner as therein for that purpose is particularly dire fled: and lubenas by a chufe in another aft of parliament faffed in the tenth year of his faid loGco# *• P4 late Majesty's reign, intituled,, An aa for explaining and amending an a& of the laft feflion of parliament, intituled. An act to oblige allpersons being papiftsy in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and all persons in Great Britain, refufng or neglefting to take the oaths appointed for the fecurity of his Majesty's person and government by several afts therein mentioned, to regijler their names end real efiates; and for enlarging the time for taking the faid oaths, and making such r<egifters; and for allowing further time for the inrolment of deeds or wills made by papifts, which have been omitted to be inrolled, purfuant to an a<5t of the third year of Jjjs fipd late  Majesty’s reign 5 and alfp for giving relief

P *	to

4o

Anno nono Georgii II. c. 16.	[1736.

to proteftant leffees; it was enabled, for the relief of such persons who had neglefted or omitted to inroll their deeds or wills* That every deed and will, which had been then made ftnce the nine and twentieth day //“September, one thousand /even hundred and feventeen, in order to pafs, alter or change any manors, lands, tenements or he-reditaments, or any interejl therein, or rent or profit thereout, from any person profejjing the popijh religion, though not then inrolled, Jhould be as good and effectual in the law, as the fame would have been, in cafe the faid deeds and wills had been inrolled within the time limited by the faid claufe in the faid former aft for inrolment of thereof provided the faid deeds and wills Jhou'd be inrolled on or before the nine and twentieth day of September, one thoufandfeven hundred and twenty four, in such manner as by the faid former aft 3 Geo. i. c. *9. tvas dire fted: and whereas by a claufe in another aft of parliament, paffed in the third year of his present Majefiy's reign, intituled,  An act for continuing and amending an aft regulating the price and aflize of bread ; for relief of bankrupts wfiofe certificates were not allowed before the expiration of a late aft, for the better preventing frauds committed by bankrupts; for allowing further time for inrolment of deeas or wills made by papifts, and for relief of proteftant purchafers and leffees; and for making further provifion concerning certificates relating to the fettle-ments 6f poor persons, and the charges of maintaining and removing certificated persons; it was enabled, for the relief of such froteflant purchafers and leffees, and such other persons as baa ne-glefted or omitted to inroll their deeds or wills in due time, that every deed and will then made, fence the nine and twentieth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, in order to pafs, alter or change any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interejl therein, or rent or profit thereout, from any papijl or person profeffeng the popijh religion (though not then inrolled) fbould be as good and effeftual in the law, as the fame would have been in cafe the faid deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited in the claufes in the faid former afts for the inrolment thereof, provided the fame deeds and wills Jhould be inrolled on or before the nine and twentieth day of September, one t thousand seven hundred and thirty one, in such manner as by the faid claufe in the faid firfi mentioned aft was air eft ed: and whereas by a claufe in another aft of parliament pajfed in the fixth year of his pre-® Geo. 1. c. 5. fent Majefifs reign, intituled.  An act for allowing further time pap%neftft ^or *nr°lment °f deeds and wills made by papifts, and for a cs‘ relief of proteftant purchafers and leffees; it was enabled. That every deed and will then made, fence the twenty ninth day of September,^/ thousand seven hundred and feventeen, in order to pafs, alter or change any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any in-terefi therein, or rent or profit thereout, from any papifi or person proj'cjfeng the popijh religion [though not inrolled) Jhould be ds good and effeftual in the law, as the fame would have been in cafe the faid deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited in the Jaid claufes in the faid afts for the inrolment thereof; provided the fame deeds and quills Jhould he inrolled on or before the twenty ninth

day



4*

1736.] Anno nono Georgii II. c. 26.

day September, thousand seven hundred and thirty three, in fucb manner,	claufe in the faid firfl mentioned aft is

iirefted: and whereas several of his Majestys protefiant fubjefts, fmee the nine and twentieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, have purchafed lands, and taken leafes upon fines paid, where fome fmall rents have been referved, from papifis or persons prof effing the popifb religion, and having neglefted and emitted to inroll their purchafe deeds and leafes within the times limited by the faid climfes in the/aid afts dire fted for the inrolment there-■ if, and are in danger of being defeated of their faid purchafes and leafes : and whereas several infants and others claiming under the lajl wills and teflaments of papifis or persons prof effing the popifh religion, may be defeated of their manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, fo ievifed to them, through the negleft or omifjion of the executors or truftees of fucb wills to inroll the fame in due time according to the Jireftion of the faid claufe in the faid afts; to relieve therefore such proteftant purchafers, devifees, and lefiees, and such other per-ions as have negledted or omitted to inroll their deeds or wills indue time, as aforesaid, be it enacted by the authority afore-Deeds and find, That every deed and will made fince the nine and twen- "il,s ma^ ticth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand ®	l&rcon-

feven hundred and feventeen, in order to pafs, alter or change veyanceoftbe any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any in- lands of pa-tereft therein, or any rent or profit thereout, from any papift, Pj*b» *hall be orperfon profefilng the popifh religion, though not inrolled, shall be as good and effedhial in the law, as the fame would	19

have been in cafe the faid deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the faid claufes in the faid adb for the inrolment thereof, provided the fame deeds and wills shall be inrolled on or before the nine and twentieth day of Septemberf in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, in such manner as by the faid claufe in the faid first mentioned ad is diredted.

VIII.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall But not to ex-extend, or be conftrued to extend, to maxe good any such deed, tend to deeds, will or leafe already made, and not inrolled,of the want of inroll- wills, or # ment whereof advantage shall have been taken on or before the

fecond day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand fe- 0f advantage" ven hundred and thirty five, but every such deed, will and leafe, was takenbe-(hall remain of such force and effect only, as the fame would fore % Feb. have had, if this adt had never been made, and of none other ^SS* force or effedt.

IX.	And whereas many purchafes made by protejlants fince the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, may be in danger of being impeached or called in quefiton, in regard that feme deeds or wills, through which the title thereto is derived, ought to have been inrolled according to the faid afts, but have not been fo inrolled, by reason that it was not known to such purchafers that the persons who made fucf> deeds or wills were papifis; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

no



4*

No pu rebate of lands, tec. made by pro-teftants for valuable con-fideration to be avoided, for want of Enrolments

Exception.

Preamble.

Preamble,

Anno nono Georgit II. 0.27,2$.	[1736.

no purchafe made for fill] and valuable confiderations of any manors, mefluages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or of any interest therein, by any proteftant or proteftants, and merely and only for the benefit of proteftants, shall be impeached or avoided, for or by reason that any deed or will, through which the title thereto is derived, hath not been inrolled as required by the (bid atfts, fo as no advantage was taken of the want of inrolment thereof before such purchafe was made, and fo as such purchafer or purchafers had not notice before such their purchafe, that the person or persons who made such deed or will was or were a papift or papifts, and fo as no decree or judgment hath been obtained for want of the inrolment of such depds or wills.

GAP. XXVII,

An alt for laying a duly of two pennies Scots, or one Jixtb part of a penny Sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer brewed* or brought into* and fold within the tow* of Irvine, and Hberties thereof; and for laying a duty of one penny Sterling upon every ton, or ten barfs loads of cods* carried to the harbour of the faid town* and Jbip* fed there for tranfportation.

WHEREAS the town of Irvine lies very commodioufly for trade, at the mouth of the river rf that name* and for many year 1 hath been very ufcful in exportation of coals* to the great advantage of the faid town and inareafe of bis Majefly't revenue ; but of late the trade of the faid town has very much abated* and is in danger of being entirely loft by the decay of the harbour there 5 which* by reason of the water not being confined to the proper cbanel* is fro* qutntly filled up with fand banks, fo that the harbour is of little vfe* and Jhips of veryfmall burthen are frequently find up in the faid river for several months* before they can Jail out to fea* whereby the trade and navigation of the Jaid town is greatly deertafed: and whereas the town houfe, churchy flreets, and other publick works and buildings of the faid town, particularly the common gaol, and one ofthe arches of the bridge leading over the faid river* are much out of repair : and where* as the faid town has* from time to time* been at confiderdble charges in fupporting their navigation* by cleanfing the faid river and pier at harbour* and maintaining or repairing the other publick works ami buildings of the town; yet their revenue is* and always has been* fo fmall and inconfiderable* that what they have hitherto done has proved ineffectual* Scc.

The duties are granted for 19 years, from 34 June, 1736.

CAP. XXVIII.

An alt for naturalizing her royal higbnefs the princefs ef

Wales.

WHEREAS the King's mofi excellent Majefiy (whom God long preferve) bath been gracioufiy pleafed? to the great joy

W4



1736.J Anno ftono Geda&u 11. c. 29.	4j>

endfatisfaftion of hit people,	marry Us tldeft fa Frederick printi

ef Wales, * prixr* formed by his Maiejly's royal example,■ andpojftjfei of virtues and accompljijbments which render him worthy of his great ameftars, to a princefi of the h'tgheft petfaal merit, defended from the ancient and illuftrious houfe of Saxe Gotha, a family dtftinguijb-ei for their fteadmefs and flifferings in the defence of the protejlant rrngion and of the rights ana liberties of their country: and whereas it is juft and reafonable, that her royal highnefs the princefs of Wales Jbomld be rendered capable of partaking of thofe rights and //-bertiesy which this nation happily enjoys itndet his Majesty's moft aufpicious reign, and which his Majesty by this marriage hath endeavoured to tranfmit and fecure to our pofterity; we your Ma* jefty’s moft dutiful and Joyal fabjedb, the lords fpiritdaf and temporal, and commons, in fhis ptefent parliament aflfembled, do moft humbly befeeph jrour Majesty, that it may be ena&ed, and be it enacted by the itfrig’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That her royal highnefs the princefs of Theprinceft Wales be to all intents and purposes whatsoever deemed, taken, of Wales to M and efteemed, a natural born iubjedt of this kingdom, as if the find princefs had been born within this reakn; any law, ftatute, (JJbjea 0" this matter, or thing whatsoever to the contrary notwkhtfanding. kingdom.

CAP. XXIX. ftn a3 for building a bridge erofs the river Thames, from the New Palace Year in the city of Westminster, to the oppaftte Jbore in the county of Surrey.

WfffcREAS it will be advantageous, not only to the city of Westminster, but to many other of his Majesty's fubjeftSy and to the tublicl in general, that a bridge be built crofs the river Thames from New Palace Yard in the faid city of Westminster, to the eppojite fare in the county of Surrey $ may it therefore pleafe your fnoft excellent Majesty, that it may be ena&ed, &c.

CemmifKonerS for building the bridge, to meet in the Jerusalem Chamber a* Jane, 17369 and adjourn, to appoint in what manner, and with what materials the bridge shall be built. No houfes to be ere&ed thereon.

V.	A ND for the preventing wilful and malicious damaging	..	}

or deftroying the faid bridge, or any part thereof, or ftfuy°3eftroy. hindering or interrupting the building of the fame; be it enaeft- ing or da/*" ed by the authority ^aforefaid, That if any person or persons making the fhril wilfully and malicioufly blowup, pull down, or deftroy the faid bridge, or any part thereof, or attempt fo to do, fuffcr dcatiu or unlawfully and without authority from the faid commif-fioners or their fuccefTors, remove or take away any works thereto belonging, or in any wife diredl or procure the fame to be done, whereby the faid bridge or the works thereof may be damaged, or the lives of the paflengers endangered $ such offender or offenders being lawfully convi&ed shall be adjudged

guilty

 boodle

Anno nono Georgii II. c. 30.	[1736.

Silty of felony, and shall fuffer death as a felon without bene-of clergy.

The commiflioners power of treating with the owners of ground, or houfes to be pulled down, and with corporations, executors, guardians, dec. Commiflioners to determine the recompence to be made for the damage to the horfe ferry, and Sunday's ferry. The lofs to tbe arch* hi (hops of Canterbury to be recompenfed, as also the Sunday's ferry. Commiflioners power with regard to juries impanelled to affefs damages. <15,0001, to be raised by way of lottery. The reiidue of the money, after payment of the fortunate tickets, to be applied towards the bridge. Com-miflioners to appoint a treafurer, clerk, Sec. Treafurer to enter all payments and disburfements. Tbe accounts to be ftated and dgned 4 times in every year, and delivered to the parliament. Commiflioners accepting of any place of profit, uncapable of a&ing as commiflioners. This a& not to prejudice the city of London. The bridge to be deemed extra-parochial. Surrey and Middlesex exempted from repairing the bridge.

Preamble,

CAP. XXX.

 An act to prevent the lifting bis Majesty's fubjefts to serve as soldiers without his Majesty's licence.

WHEREAS divert of his Majeffs fuhjefts have been of late feduced to enlift themselves to serve as soldiers under foreign princes, fates, or potentates, which praftice is highly prejudicial to the fafety and welfare <f this kingdom \ for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's mod excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any fubjedl of the crown of Great Bnlifting or Britain, from and after the twenty fourth day of June next, shall procuring his within the kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, or from and af-• i ter twenty ninth day of September next without the fame, in foreign*1 fer- or cntcr himfelf, or if any person shall procure any rub-vice, felony jedt of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefTors, to enlift or enter without bene- himfelf, or hire or retain any person being a fubjedt of his Ma-fit of clergy, jefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, with an intent to caufe such person to enlift or enter himfelf, or procure any person being a fobbed! of his Maiefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, to go beyond tbe feas, or embark, with an intent and in order to be enlifted to serve any foreign prince, ftate, or potentate, as a foldier, without leave or licence of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefTors, first had and obtained for enlifting any of the fubjedls of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefTors, to serve any such foreign prince, ftate, or potentate, as foldiers, under the fign manual of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefTors, every such person fo offending, being thereof lawfully convidled, shall be taken, deemed, and 1# adjudged, ta be guilty of felony, and shall fuffer death as in gainft this a & cafes of felony without benefit of clergy, committed II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That thc where any offence against this adt shall be committed out of this triedisTan;y rca^m» ^ame may b* alled^cd to be committed, and maybe -1 laid, enquired of, and tried, in any county in England.

county of England.

in. Pro*





1736.] Anno nono Georgii II. c.31.	45

III.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the autho- P^rfons m-rity aforesaid, That in cafe any person fo enlifted, or inveigled, or enticed to go beyond the feas in order to be enlifted, as a a dif-non-commiffioned officer, or private foldier, in any foreign fer- covcry in 14. vice, without his  Majesty’s licence first had and obtained as <*?y« to a ju-■' aforesaid, shall within fourteen days after such enlifting or agreement to go beyond the feas, voluntarily difcover upon oath before any of his  Majesty’s juftices of the peace or other civil magiftrate, the person or persons by whom he was fo enlifted, inveigled, or enticed, as aforesaid, fo as he or they may be apprehended and convided of the faid offence, such person or per-fbns fo difcovtring as aforesaid, shall be indemnified from the penalty inflicted by this a£t, and all other penalties whatsoever on account of the faid offence.

CAP. XXXI.

An all for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixtb of a penny Sterling, on every pint of ale and beer, that pall be vended or fold within the city of Glafeow, and for extending the fame over the villages of Gorbells and Port Glafgow, and privileges thereof for the benefit of the find city and villages.

YKT H E R E A S the annual revenues of the city of Glafgow Preamble, ie-* *	very fbort of defraying the yearly expend of maintatning the citing the ads*

government, paying minifiers Jlipends, and repairing and preferving caufeways, roads, bridges, churches, hofpitals, and other publick buildings and works neceffary for the accommodation of the numerous inhabitants of the faid city, and for the encouragement of the trade and commerce thereof: and whereas for the better support of the faid city an alt pajfei in the parliament of Scotland, in the fourth year of the reign of their late majejiies King William and Queen Mary, 4 W. &M, granting to toe city an impofition of two pennies Scots upon each pint of ale and beer brewed, in brought, vended, tapped, and fold within the faid city and other places therein mentioned, for the term of fixtun years, which grant was, by another alt of the parliament of Scotland, in the third year of the reign of her late majetly Queen 3 Ann*. Anne, continued for the further term of fixteen years, ana by an alt of thefirjl year of his late majefiy King George the Firjl, was con-x G®0, f * timea till the frjl day ^November, which Jhall be in the year one ibmtfand /even hundred and thirty eight: and whereas the yearly produce of the faid impofition fo granted, when added to the city's annual revenue, Jails Jbort of the neceffary annual expence, fo that the city rrmjt be obliged to leave the neceffary works undone, which will very much check the growing ttiduflry and commerce thereof, to contratf debts for anfwering thofe expenses, which mujl end in the utter de-firuliion of the government of the city, unless fome remedy is found: and whereas the village of Gorbells, which is divided from Glafgow only by the river Clyde, holds few of the faid city, and has its fup-	/

port alone from the trade thereof enjoying almojl every privilege equal wish the city, and reaping the fruit of the expense laid out by them in

making



Jhmmtfe, re. citing the aft aaGco. 1.0.33,

Hw Majesty's gift of vsoool.

Firft deficiency on four matter* account*

The duty of 6 d. on writs, Ire for fup-plying it.

Anno nono GtCRGii II. c.32*	[173&]

moling and rtpairing roods and bridges, d/ the fame time that the ) eity is at a cenftderoble expense in paving the fireets of the faid village, though the faid village is not at prefmt contributory to that expence: j and whereas the city of Glafgow purebujed the village of Von Glaf-

E>w for the accommodation of their trade, and have at great expence ilt, and are at a continual neteffdry expense in maintaining and enlarging a very commodious harbour there, which occafions that rejbrt and commerce, by which they obtain confideroble profit and advantage : and whereas the extenfion of the iynpofition or duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny Sterling upon ale and beer> ever the faid villages of Gorbells and Port Glafgow, which reap the benefit of the commerce as well as the expence of the faid city, will enlarge the produce of the faid duty granted to the city, and enable them to carry on the government, and defray the neceffarp expense thereof^ &c.

The duties are further continued for a5 years from 1 Nor. 1732.

CAP. XXXII.

 An act for continuing, for the purposes therein mentionedf the additional duties upon Jtamped vellum, parchment, and paper, laid by an aft paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of bis late tnajefty King George the First.

WHEREAS by an aCt of parliament made and paffed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the ’ Firfl) intituled)  An act for the relief of the fuitors of the high court of Chancery) after reciting (amongfl other things) that Fleetwood Dormer, and John Borrett, efauires, both deceafed) formerly makers of the faid court, and Richard Godfrey, and Edward Conway, efquireS) then mafiers of the fame court, had been deficient in anfwcring the money and effects ordered by the court into their hands, and which deficiency) after deducting what fhould be made and produced out of the estates and effects of the faid deficient mqflerS) and the sum of thirty thousand pounds given by his Majefiy on the addrefs of the houfe of commons towards the relief of the faidfuitorS) amounted (according to the then computation) to the sum of fifty one thousand ' eight hundred and fifty one pounds) nineteen JhillingS) and eleven pence farthing, be fifes several other claims on the offices offour of the faid deficient mafiers remaining) and tvbicb (if allowed) would greatly increafe the faid deficiency 3 it wasy for relief of the feud fuitors, and the making aprovifion for payment of their jufi debts and demands) enacted) That a duty of fix pence on certain writs, and other law proceedings therein mentioned) fhould be raifed) levied) and paid for the term of fixteen yearsy from the fecond day of Auguft one thousand seven hundred and twenty fixy to be under the direction and management of the commiffioncrs of the fiamp duties; and that the money thereby to be raised and collected fhould be paid into the bank of England, and the faid court of Chancery was thereby impowered to borrow any sum of money upon the fund thereby granted\ not exceeding in the whole the sum of sixty thousand pounds \ and it was thereby enacted^ That all the money then depofitedj or thereafter to be dc-

pofited)



47

I73&3 Anno nono Georgu II. c. 32.

ported, i* the tank* on account of the Juitors of the faid court of Chancery, or by order of the faii court, and all the monies a-

tig by the rates and duties given by the faid off, or borrowed eon, and paid into the bank, Jkould be accounted and taken to be one common and general cqjh, and Jbouli be promifcueujty iffued and ijuable, when and as the court of Chancery Jkould £re&, for the an/wering, paying , and clearing the debts and demands of any of the Jkitors of the faid court; and the faid court of Chancery were by the feed ait authorized and impowered, with all convenient Jpeed, to determine the claims and demands of the fuitors upon the offices of the bid Fleetwood Dormer, John Borrett, Richard Godfrey, and Edward Conway, in a fummary way, and caufe to be done therein Vtbetjbould be equitable and jujl t and whereas upon the final fettling Total fum and determining the claims and demands of the fuitors of the fold court of Chancery upon the ojffices of the faid four majlery it appear- the claims of ti, that the total deficiency of the Jaid four mailers amounted to one fuitors. hundred and three thousand fix hundred and thirty, five pounds, fix findings, and two pence, and there hath refulted and been produced from the faid thirty tboufand pounds fo given by bis Maiefly, and the interefl attending the fame, the sum of thirty nine tboufand eight hundred and thirty four pounds, fixteen /hillings, and /even pence, com* jjfimg of twenty tboufand five hundred and thirty four pounds, fix* tern /hidings, and seven pence, cajb in the bank, and nineteen thou* find three hundred founds, land tax orders depofited alfb in the bank, end there hath been raised and collected by and out of the duties dire3id to be levied by the faid former abl, from the fecond day of Auguft, one tboufand seven hundred and twenty fix, to the third day of March, one tboufand seven hundred and thirty five, the fum	dut^

thirty eight tboufand nine hundred and eight pounds, nineteen/hillings, tofopply the and mue pence, which, with the faid fum of thirty nine thoujand deficiency. eight hundred and thirty four pounds, fixteen /Hillings, and teven pence, making together Jeveniy eight tboufand seven hundred ana forty three pounds, fixteen fmllings, and fau/ pence, and being deducted out of the fend fum of one hundred and three tboufand fix hundred and thirty five pounds, fix /hillings, and two pence, the deficiency fending out on the eighth day of March, one tboufand seven hundred ad thirty five, on the ojffices of the faid four mafters, was reduced to the sum of twenty four tboufand eight hundred and ninety one pounds, mne fallings, and ten pence: and whereas there is due from John Deficiency of Bennett efquire, one the majlers of the faid court, to Humphry J°hn. Bcmiett BeU the furvmng ajfignee of the ejlate and effefts of William c quirc# Elims and Edmund FVrington under a commijffion of bankruptcy awarded against them, the sum of eleven thoujand four hundred end eighty five pounds, four Jh'tllings, and Jive pence, with in-ttrffi from the eleventh day if March, one tboufand seven hundred and thirty four, and that the faid John Bennett hath 'no fate or effeQs left to fatisfy the faid debt or any part thereof: end whereas it is computed that the duties granted by the former aft will not be fujfficient to raife the faid fum of twenty four tboufand eight hundred and ninety one pounds, nine Jhillings, and ten pence, fa funding out on the eighth duy of March, one thosfand seven hundred 2	and

48	Anno	nono	Georgii II. c. 3a.	[1736.

and thirty five> and also the faid fum of eleven tboufand four hundred and eighty five pounds ,four /hillings, and five pence, fo duefrom the faid John Bennett to the estate of the faid bankrupts, unless the fend duties be further continued, and the time for raising the fame be enlarged ; and in regard the afftgnees and creditors of the faid bankrupts were not acquainted with the infolveney of the Jaid John Bennett, fo may reafonably and within the defign and meaning of the former aft be intitled to such and the like relief \ as was given to and provided for the other fuitors of the cdUrt of chancery, by and under the fame aft; wherefore we your  Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal iubje<5ts the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being defirous to provide for the relief of the creditors of the faid bankrupts claiming under the faid commiflion, do give and grant unto your Majesty for that purpose the sum of eleven thousand four hundred and eighty five pounds, four fhil lings, and five pence, to be raised by continuing the duties herein before mentioned for a further term, and therefore do mod humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the autho-, rity of the fame. That the faid duties granted by the faid former ThCtedtbSth	by virtue of this adt, be continued, and be payable

Srmer oJt C ^	uPon t^c several writs and law proceedings in the faid

further conti- fofmjjr adt mentioned, for the further term of four years, to be nued for 4 compuledirottr the fecond day of Auguft, which shall be in the years, after % year Qf our Lorci one thousand seven hundred and forty two; lUwueftmJ an^ *bat the faid former adt, and all powers, provifions, penal-made perpetual ties, articles, and claufes therein contained, for and concerning *3Geo.*.c.*5. the faid duties, shall continue, and be in full force for the further term of four years, to commence and be computed as afore-laid, and shall be applied, pradtifed, and executed, for raifing, levying, colledting, paying, and applying the fame, as fully to all intents and purposes as if all and every the claufes, powers, matters and things in the faid former adt contained had been or were in this adt repeated, and again particularly enadted.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That out of the before-*1,4*51.4*.5d. mentioned fum of thirty eight thousand nine hundred and eight b* ^,d.out pounds, nineteen (hillings, and nine pence, which has arifen by direftkm anc* been c°he£ted by and out of the duties diredied to be levied of the court of by the faid former adt, from the fecond day of Auguft, one thou-Chancery, on fand seven hundred and twenty fix, to the third day of March, deficiency one thousand seven hundred and thirty five, as aforesaid, there neu? n Cn" he placec* t0 the credit of the account. Ex parte Meyer, in the books of the accountant general of the court of chancery, and of the bank, the sum of eleven thousand four hundred eighty five pounds, four (hillings, and five pence, and that the fame shall be iflued and paid out of the general and common ca(h of the bank, when and as the court of Chancery shall di-redt, in fatisfadtion of the faid debt due from the faid John Bennett to the aflignee of the faid bankrupts eftate.

III. PrO-

i?3&] Annp !*>np CjsoRGHt.il. £>33.	:49

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enafted^hat Surplus mo. .when and as foon as the deficiency of the fuitors money directed and appointed to be anfwered aaa paid by the former and this ^on Gf present ad, and all the money to be borrowed on the credit of liament. the feme, if neceffary, shall have been fully paid and fatisfied, then and from thenceforth all the furplus monies, which shall have been raised out of the faid duties given, granted, and continued by the faid former and this present ad, over and beyond what shall be fufticient for anfwering such deficiency, and money lent, shall be referved fbr the benefit of the publick, and shall not be applied to any other ufe or ufes, than such as dial! be hereafter direded by parliament.

CAP. XXXIII.

Am aft to render the law more effectual for preventing tht importation offrejbfifh taken by foreigners, and to explain fo much of an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to jbips exporting fifb to the ports of the Mediterranean Sea, and for the better preservation of the fry of lobfiers on tht , coafts of Scotland.

WHEREAS by an act made in the firjl year of the reign ^Preamble, rt* bis late mqjejly King George the Firjl, intituled, An ad fpr ^ting the aft the better preventing ire(h fi(h taken by foreigners being im- ,Geo#1* ported into this kingdom, and fbr the preservation of the fry of Mi, and for the giving leave to import lobfters and turbets in foreign bottoms, and for the better preservation of falmon within several rivers in that part of thisJcingdom called England,

// is (amongft other things) enafted, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifteen^ no herring,, cody pilchards, falmoiiy or lingy freft or faltedy dried or Moated, nor any grille macirely whiting, haddock, fprats, coal fifty Vdlfift, congers, or any fort of flat fifty nor any other fort of freft fijb what fo every Jhall be imported intOy foldr or expofed to fafe, in that part of tins kingdom called England, which Jhall be taken bjy bought ofy or received fromy any foreigner or. foreigneriy or out of any fir anger or fir angers bottom (except protefiant fir angers inhabit* ing within this kingdom) nor Jhall any person or persons give or ex-change any goods y or other thingSy in exchange for any fort offift fo taken as aforefald: and it is thereby further enaftedy That every mafier or commander for the time being of any fmacky hoyy yager, but, or other vtjfily in which any fift Jhall be imported, or brought to Jbore contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid aft, and being thereof lawfully convifted in the manner thereby dire ftcd,/ball forfeit for every such offence the fum therein mentionedy to be levied and difpofed of in such manner as by the faid aft is direfted, or in default of payment of the faid fum or fujficient difirefs, Jhall be con\-muted to the common gaol as in the Jaid aft is direfted: and whereas it is by the faid aft providedy That no person Jhall fuffer (my puniflment for any offence committed againfi the faid afty unless tht Vot. XVII. ‘	E	pro-





$o	Anno nono GeoRGH II. G.3$. f173&

Profecution fir the fame be commenced within one month after such offence committed: and whereas thi penalties inflifted by the recited claufe of the faid aft herein before recited are not fujficient to v	deter persons from offending againji the fame: and whereas by reafin

of the flort time limited for profecution of offences commttea againfi the faid aft many offenders againji the fame efcape pmtfhment; be it therefore enaAed by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritu^l and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twep-Afteri4june, ty fourth day of June, which shall be in the year of our Lord wJfoaira-y one ^onfana seven hundred and thirty fix* every person offend-porting Sh fog against the claufe of the faid aA herein before recited shall contrary to forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recover-the aft 1 Geo. ed by any informer in any of the courts in 'Wejiminfler Hall, forfeit an^ t0 t* diftributed and difpofed of in the manner, following,

1	’	that is to fay, one moiety thereof to the infbrmer, and the

other moiety thereof to the poor of the parifb where such offence shall be committed; and the matter or commander of every fmack, hoy, yager, boat, (hip, or other veflel, in which any and the matter fifh shall be imported, or brought to (hore, contrary to the true of the veflH intent and meaning of the faid aA herein before recited, and of this present aA, (hafl forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by any informer, and to be difpofed of in fike manner as before recited. p .	. II. Provided always. That no person shall incur any penalty

tecommaic-0forfeiture for any offence committed against this aA, unlels cd in is the profecution for the fame be commenced within twelve months after months after such offence committed.

the faA.	III. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the thirteenth

end fourteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aA for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes, in his  Majesty’s cuftoms, it is for the better increafeofgoodand fervid-able flipping) and fecuring the publick trade and commerce enafted> That all and every merchant or other perfon, that flould after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand fix hundred and sixty two, export any goods or merchandizes from any port of this kingdom capable of a flip or vejfel of two hundred tons upon an ordinary full fea to any port or place of the Mediterranean Sea beyond the port of Malaga, or import any goods 'or merchandize from the ports or places aforesaid to any port of this kingdom, in any flip or vejfel that Jhould not have two decks and flould carry lefs than fixteen pieces of ordnance mounted, together with two men for each gun and other ammunition proportionally, flould pay a duty of one per centum for all and eve-ry the wares fo exported or imported, over and above the rates and , duties of fubfidy of tonnage and poundage otherwise due and payable for the fame ; and in the fame aft it is provided, That it flould and might be lawful to export from any of his faid Majesty's dominions fifl into any of the ports of the Mediterranean Sea aforejaid in any Engli(h flip or vejfel whatsoever, provided one moiety of her full hading flould be fifl only, and in such cafe to import any wares

or



1	Anno tiono GtORGiI It. C. 34.

ir	tnertbahd&teS iff'the fame Jbip for that without paying an)

other rates or duties for the fame than were then before atcuflomed t and iohtfeas fame doubts am difputes have orifen, whether the ex* emption granted by the faid aft in favour of any Englifh Jhip or vef* fly Vibereof dne mbiefy of her full loading Jbould befijh	Jhoull

V tonjlnua	lo extend	to'the benefit and	advantage of the owner oh

Hpfurs of futh jbip ip	Veffel, in cafe one moiety of her fuB loading

Jhiald	tohftfl	Of foreign	fijb: to prevent therefore the laid doubts

Sfij dlfpUtes forth? jbture, and for the greater encouragement of the ftfitijb filhenfcs, be it further enabled by the authority j&tdftfd; That 1)6 British (hip or veflel trading to any port or ttfjfCC of the Mediterranean Sea beyond the port of Malaga in manner afofefaid, shall be intitled to the benefit and advantage c^t.

exemption granted to such (hip or vefiel in the faid act, for preventing fof	fig by reaTori that one moiety of the full loading of such (hip/r*“‘b ** **• •

(hall or may colifift of fi(h, unless such moiety of the **if|*“j **' ffiij toading pf such Ihip or vefiel do confift of fi(h taken and p CUfm-by his Majefiy’4 fubje<5h only.

TV.	And	whereas thidijtroyihg the fry	of any is

tftgbh prejudicial, efpecialfy such fijb as do not wander, but keep a-mib * toads : and whereas the principal time for the fpOwtting if it^fien if from the	beginning of June to	of September,

witch three months the lobfiers trawl clofe to the to leave their

a  l »>.t.t-v. \S.	1	is

firVen hiMdred and thirty fix, no fifherman Or other perfoh or the coaft of persons WhatfoeverfKatl with trunks, hoop nets, or any othelr Way, t^ke, kill, or deftroy, any lobfiers on the fea coaft of that an(j ,	*

part of Great Britain called Scotland,from the firfi day yearly, to the firfi day of September yearly, under the penalties or five pounds Sterling for each offence, to be recovered by any person who (ball inform and fue for the fame upon a fummary Complaint before any two or more of his  Majesty’s juftices of the* peace of the (hire on the coaft where any such offence shall happen to be committed.

CAP. XXXIV.

Ax afl for enabling his Majesty to borrow any fum or fums of money not excopHing fin hundred thousand pounds, to be charged	upon	the	furpiuffes,	extefjes, or overplus monies,

commonly culled The Sinking Fund, redeemable by pat-Rament; and for the further difpofitkn of the faid fund, by paying off one million of South Sea annuities and for appropriating the Jiapplies granted in this fffion of parliament.

Mefi gracious Sovereign,

WE your  Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the Preamble, commons of Great Britain in parliament afiemblcd, being £ 2	defirous



Fuad.

Annuities at $ per cent.

Anno i>ono GeorgiiIL c. 34.	36*

defirous to raife the neceflary fupplies which we have cheerfully; granted to your Majesty, in the eafieft manner we are able for the benefit of your fubje&s, have freely and voluntarily given and| granted, and by this act do give and grant,; onto youij Majesty the sum of fix hundred thousand pounds, to, be J^ifed in /ucl^ manner and form as is herein after dire&ed^ and tp that end db* molt humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by, the Kina’s molt excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal^ ancfc commons, in this prefect parliament aflembled, and by aptho-J rity of the fame, That the annuities which by this adt shall be 4eo&oo\. panted and made payable in refpedt of the faid principal fum ^sh^voutof hundred thoufahsT pounds until redemption thereof tkc Sinking parliament in manner herein after mentioned, lhall from and atf-“	ter the feaft day of Saint John Baptift, one thousand seven hun-

dred and thirty fix, be charged and chargeable upon and able out of the monies, ^which from ^and after the faid feaft daV lhall from time to time arise and be renaming in the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer of or for the furplufles, exceffes, of overplus monies of the fund commonly calledTJyt fmhnjtfund* and the faid furplufles, excefles, or overplus mdnies, afeiiereby appropriated for that purpose accordingly.

U, And for or towards raising the Cud fum or films ofmoney not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of fix hundred thousand pounds; it is hereby further enacfted by the authority *£-forcfaid. That it shall and may be lawful, to and for xtiy perfott or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, td contribute, advance, and pay into the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer for his  Majesty’s u(e, at such time or times as fhalj be &p-jxjinted by the commiflioners of the treafury or any three or motfe of them now being, or by thehigh treafureror by any three or mofe of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, any fum or fums of money not exceeding the faid fum of fix hundred thou*> fand pounds, for the abfolute purchafe of any certain annuity or annuities, to commence from the faid feaft day of Saint Jobt Baptift, one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, and to be paid and payable to such contributor or contributors, or such as he, fhe or they shall nominate, his, her or their executors, ad-miniftrators, fucceflors and afligns refpe&ively, until the Redemption thereof by parliament in manner herein after cor>-tained in that behalf; which certain annuities shall be computed at the rate of three pounds per annum for every one hundred pounds, and proportionably for any greater fum fo to be advanced and paid, and the purchafe mqney fo paid for every such annuity at the rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed to •	be paid into the laid.receipt of exchequer at the time or times

f^irUhtuVand *° be -appointed as aforesaid ; all which annuities fo to be pur-Midfuramer. chafed shall be paid and payable at two of the mod ufual feafts or days of payment in the year (that is to fay) The feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift, and Saint John Baptift, by even and equal proportions; the first payment thereof to be due and

payable

payable at



S3

Anno nofto Geqrgii II. c. 34.

payable at thd feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift which shall be ip the year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and durtjrfix.

HL And it is hereby enaded, That: H) the offices of the	f

auditor of the receipt ztfd cleric of the pells, there shall be pro-,the cSnnSu-vided and kept a book or books, in which there shall be fairly tort to be *n-cotted the names of all persons who shall be contributors for tred. foch certain annuities as aforesaid, and of all persons by whofe bands the faid contributors shall pay in any of the faid turns spoil this ad, andalfo the Turns paid for such annuities; to which book it shall be lawful for the faid refpedive contributors,, their executors, adminiftrators and affigns, from time to time and at all feafonable times to have refort, and to infped the lame without fee or reward.

IV. And be it farther enaded by the authority aforesaid. The annuities That all and every contributor an<Kcontributors upon this ad,,to be deemed duly paying the contribution or purchafe money at the rate a- aperfonal fact&id at the time of times in this ad limited in that behalfcftatc*

far any such annuity or annuities as aforesaid, or such as he, (he -	'

or they shall appoint, his, her or their retpedive executors, ad-

mimftrators, fucceflors and affigns, shall have, receive and civr

joy,and be intitled by virtue of this ad to have, receive and

cpjpy the refpedive annuity and annuities fo to be purchafed

Out of the monies by this ad appropriated as aforesaid, until

ibe redemption thereof by parliament according to the provifo

berqp after contained in that behalf; and that all and every

fuch purebafers, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors and

affigps, refpedively, shall have good, fare, abfolute and inde-

faiuble eft ate s ana interefts in the several annuities fo by them

rdpc&ively to be purchafed according to the tenor and true

meaning of this ad; and that all such estates and interefts of

and in the (aid annuities, and every of them, shall be and be

fdjudged* taken and accepted in conftrudion of law, and in all

courts of law and equity whatsoever, to be a pcrfonal and not a

real eftate, and shall go to the executors or adminiftrators of the

ftrfon or persons dying poflefled thereof, interefted therein, or

mtitlcd thereunto, and not to the heirs of such person or per-

faus; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftand* ^ ^

ing; and that all the faid annuities to be purchafed on this ad from taxes.

as aforesaid, and every of them, shall be free from all taxes,

charges apd impofttions whatsoever.

V.And be it farther cnaded by the authority aforesaid, ThatT ...	.

every contributor upon this ad for any such annuity or.annui- to be del ties as aforesaid, fas, her or their executors, adminiftrators, livered to the facceflbrs or affigns, uppn.payment q( the confideration or pur- contributors. Chafe rapney for jthe lame at the rate aforesaid into the faid receipt of exchequer at the time or times in this ad limited in that behalf, shall immediately have one car mote tally or. tallies levied.

Importing the receipt of the purchafe money as shall be fo paid for any such annuity or annuities at the rate aforesaid ; and every such contributor, bis, her or their executors, adrpinjftrators,

E 3	to*



54	Anno nono Gborgii II. c.34/

fucceflors or afligns refpe&ively, Aiall haveaa order; for paying the faid annuity or annuities, until redemption thereof by par* liament according to the provifo herein after contained in that behalf; which order shall be figned by the treafurer and the uiidfr-treafurer of the exchequer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the tteafury for the time beirig; and after ing thereof the fame shall be firm, good, valid and effectual in law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof and of this aft; and shall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removal of any treafurer or undcr-trtafurer of the exchequer, or any commiifioner or commiflioners of the treafury, or by or upon the determination of the povfer, office or offices of them or any of them; nor shall any lord high treafyrer of Great Britain, treafurer of the exchequer, or any commiflioners of the treafury now or fdr the time being, have power to revoke, countermand, determine, or make void such orders ib figned aforesaid or any of them.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That the proprietors of the

Orders afiign- orders to be made forth for the faid annuities in purfuance of able.	this a& shall or may from time to time by proper words of at'

fignmeqt to be indorfed on his, her or their order, afiign or transfer his, her or their right, title, interest and benefit df fuck order or orders, to any other person or persons ; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt, the officbrsr there shall caufe an entry or memorial thereof to be made in the book of regiftry for such orders without fee or chaige 5 and after such entry made such affignment shall intitle such aflignec, nis, her or their executors, adminiftrators, facceffors and afligns, to tbc benefit thereof and payment thereon; and such affignee may in like manner afiign again, and fo toties queries; and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who shall make such afiignments, to make Void, releafe, or difeharge the fame, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

VII.	And whereas it may fo happen, that in prorefs of time fe* veral of the faid (landing orders may become defaced, obliterated, or ineumbred with many alignment* indorfed thereon, or by reason thereof or fome other defefts therein it may become necejfary that th/h faid defaced, obliterated, ineumbred, or otherwise defective orders, Jhould be taken in and cancelled, and new orders made forth and delivered to the owners and proprietors of the orders fo to be conceited in Heu thereof5 be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforesaid,

be made fath That in all or any of the faid cafes any three or more of the in Heu of such commiflioners of treafury now being, or the high trea-asare defaced, furer, or any three dr more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, may, if hfe or-thfey ftatt fo think fit, ftovd time to time caufe to be made forth Hew ftanding drtbf9 for and in lieu of such defaced, obliterated, meumbfed Or other-wife defe<ftive orders, fobs such defaced* obliterated, ineumbred or otherwise defe<5tive Order or orders be at the feme time delivered up and cancelled, and the new order or orders to be

-*	made

 LnOOQie

i7$<>•]	Atrno nono Georgn II. 0.34?	5^

made out iii lieu thereof be made payable to the person or per*

Tons, who shall appear to be the proprietor or proprietors of the hid order or orders fo delivered up and cancelled at the time of such delivery up as aforesaid ; and the auditor of the faid receipt aforesaid shall always take care, that such entries or memorandums be made upon the faid new orders, as may denote their being made out in lieu of such defaced, obliterated, in-combred or otherwise defective orders cancelled, as may fecurc the publkk against any double payments for or by reason of the making out or ifiuing such new orders in manner aforesaid.

VHI. And, for tne preventing of all frauds and abufes in or about the faid.ftanding orders, or any affignments thereof, or the receiving the annuities due or to grow due thereon ; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That }f any person or per- For^nS °.r. fons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be ^Jjers! felony forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully adt and affift without benZ in the forging or counterfeiting any order or orders made forth fit of clergy, or to be made forth in purfuance of this adt, or any^aflignment or alignments of such order or orders, or of the annuities payable thereon, or of any receipt or difcharge to the exchequer for the annuities due or to grow due on any such order or orders, or of any letter of attorney or other authority or inftru-ment to transfer, affign, alien or convey, any such order or ciders, or to receive the annuities due or to grow due thereon, or any part thereof, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully adt or affift in the forging or counterfeiting any the name or names of any bfthe proprietors of any such order or orders in or to any fuen pretended affignment, receipt, letter of attorney, inftrument or authority, or shall knowingly or fraudulently demand or endeavour to have or receive any such annuity or annuities, or any part thereof by virtue of any such forged or counterfeited receipt, letter of attorney, inftrument or authority, or shall falfe-ly ami deceitfully perfonate any true and real proprietor or proprietor! of any of the faid order or orders, and thereby aligning, or endeavouring to aftign, any of the faid order or orders, or receiving, or endeavouring to receive, the money of such true and lawful proprietor, as if such offender were the true and law-fid owner thereof; then, and in every such cafe, all and every * person and persons, being thereof lawfully convidted in due form of law, shall be. adjudged guilty of felony, and (ball fuf-fcr as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

IX.	And be it further enacted, for the better encouraging Penalty on of-perfoqs to advance the faid fum of fix hundred thousand pounds ficers de-upon the credit of this adt, That all receipts and iffues, and all mending feet other things directed by this adt to be performed in the ex-orsmul chequer, shall be done and performed by the officers there without demanding or receiving, diredtly or indiredtly, any fee, reward or gratuity for the fame ; and in cafe the officers of the exchequer shall take <?r demand any such fee or reward, or Hull not keep books or regifters, and make entries, and do and

£ 4	perform

 CjOOQle

5$	Anno	nano	QfioRGji JI. c. 34;	[17	36

perform all other things which by this a& they are required to perfoTmj-every such oflicer shall forfeit his office, and be for the future incapable of any office or place of truft whatsoever, and fhali anf\ver and pay treble damages and coils of (hit to any contributor, or person claiming under him, that will fue for the fame, to be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Wejiminjltr^ wherein no eflfoin, protection, privilege or wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, or more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and in the faid aCtion the plains tiff upon recovery shall have full cofts of fuit, one third of whjch fum fo to be recovered shall be paid into the receipt of the cx-i chequer for the benefit of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors* and the other twp thirds shall be to and for the ufe of the pr<H ’ fecutor,

Treafury to X. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the author pay the offi- rity aforesaid. That out of the monies from time to time ariling cers a!ic^cle1^ at the faid receipt of exchequer, of or for tne faid furplufles, exfund, * C ' 9e^es> or overplus monies of the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, hereby appropriated as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or mor^ of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, to reward the officers and clerks in the exchequer, and others that shall or may be any way employed in the execution pf this aCl in relation to the faid annuities to be payable there-i upon, for their labour, pains and  service therein refpeCtively, and to difeharge and fatisfy (uch incident charges as shall necef-farily attend the execution of the fame, in such manner as the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, shall from time to time think fit and reafonable in that behalf * any thing in this aCt contained to the contrary notwithllanding.

When the faid XI. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaCted by the authority annuities (ball aforesaid, That at any time upon one year’s notice to be printT ceafe.	ed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange

in London, by authority of parliament, ^t any of the half-yearly feaft days for payment ot the faid annuities, and upon repayr ment by parliament of the principal fums for which the faid annuities shall be payable, to such refpedive persons or, corporations as shall be intitled to the fame annuities, and also upon full payment of all arrearages of the fame annuities, then, and not till then, the faid annuities shall ceale and determine^ and be underftood to be redeemed ; and from and after such redemption, the monies arifing by the/aid furplufles, exceffes, pr overplus monies of the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, Avail pot be iflued or applied to any ule or purpose but as shall be directed by future act or a£ts of parliament; any thing in this or any former a<5t or a<5ts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: and that any vote or refolution of the houfe of commons, fignified by the fpeaker in writing to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange ip

London,

 v^oosle

1736.J Aaru> n<mo Geoxgh4L c. 34.	57

lenden, as aforesaid, shall be deemed: and adjudged to be fufB-cient notice within the words and meaning of this aft.

2QL And be it further enacted by. the authority aforesaid, One miHion That by or out of such monies as are or shall be in the receipt ?fNcw ^°.utl1 of the exchequer of the furplufles; excefles, or overplus monies ^ be of the fund commonly; called The finking, Fund) arifen or to arise St or from the feaft day of the birth of our Lord Chrift, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thoufend seven hundred and thirty fix (after payment of,.or referving fuffident to pay, fiich monies as have been or shall be direfted by this or . any former aft or afts of parliament to be paid out of the fame) there shall be iffued and applied to the governor, and company of merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South Seasy and other parts of America, and for encouraging the filhery, at the hid feaft day, and afterwards quarterly from time to time as the fame shall arife, such fum or fums of money as shall on such quarter day or days bo: in the (aid receipt of exchequer, for or towards redeeming part of the annuities attending on the capi-tal dock of annuities, commonly called New South Sea Annuities, remaining due to the (aid company, until the faid payments shall in the whole amount to the (urn of one million fterling; and that as the faid payments of principal money shall be from time to time made, a proportionable part of their faid capital dock of annuities* and of the annuities attending thereon, and of the allowance for charges of management, shall alio from tune to time ceafc and determine fat> the benefit of the publick*

XIII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the The monies (aid South Sea company shall forthwith upon the receipt of the to be equally faid fum of one miHion, or as foon after as conveniently miy

be, divide out and diftribute as near as conveniently, may be

done amongft all the several proprietors of their faid capital flock p ^	;

of annuities, towards finking and djfcbarging fo much of their

(hares or interefts in the faid capital (lock of annuities, by even

and equal dividends amongft them all in proportion to their re-

fpeftive ftiares or interefts therein,

XIV.	And to the end, intent and purpofe, That all truft estates Dividends of and interefts in the faid capital dock of annuities of the South Seatruft ***•*«• company may be preferved and improved for the benefit of the

persons concerned therein, with the lead expence and inconve* of profit, ntence to them > be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in all and every cafes, where in purfuance of this aft any payments or dividends shall be made of the capital of any such annuity flock, as shall be veiled in any person or persons, in truft for other persons, who have or claim diftinft or different interefts there* io, or for any other ends or purposes for which the capital fum or annuity pught to be preferved iptire, such payments or dividends of the capital (lock of annuities shall not be paid or applied as dividends of profit, annuity or intereft, but shall remain in the bands of such trpftees respectively till otherwise difpofed	%

of at intereft; and for that purpose it shall and may be lawful	.	»

to and for the truftee or truftees, who shall receive the fame,

}t Jus of their diferetioq to lay ou{ or difpofc of the fame, or

?ny



g&	Anno	nano Giofcoii IL c. 3£	[1736.

any part thereof, ih the purchafe of fo much other capital ft ode of the fame kind, as at the current market price of such annuity ftoek, the monies received for such dividends ftiall, as near as conveniently may be, extend to purchafe; which new purcha£

____	ed ftoek of annuities(hall be transferred to filch trnftee or truf-

tees, and a receipt or receipts shall be given and figned by the peribn or per Cans transferring the fame, for the monies paid for the fame; and in cafe such trufteeS rcfpt&ively, by writing indoried on or annexed to such receipts,! and figned and acknowledged before one of the mafters of the high court of Chancery, shall declare, that the money in the (aid receipts were the produce of the faid dividends of the faid capital (lock of annuities, which figtung or acknowledgment such mafters in chanoery arc hereby required to accept or take, and each and every Moh mafter, before whom the (ante shall be done, shall at the fame time certify the fame, by fubfcribinghis name there-to, for doing whereof such tnafter (hail be paid for each certtfi-eateone (hilling, and no more; then and in every such cafe, the annuity ftoek mentioned in such receipts to be transferred shall refpeenvely go, and be deemed fubjeft and liable, to the fame trufts, for the benefit of the fame persons, and for the fame ufes, ends, intents and purposes, as the reft of the truft annuity ftoek remaining in such truftees refpefHvely will or ought to be fubjeft and Sable to; and such truftees relpeftively shall from thenceforth be indemnified from any lofs, charges or damages, on account of their fo doing, at the expenceecf the (aid truft eftates.

XV.	Provided always. That nothing in lids aft contained shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to reftrain or prohibit any such truftees from laying out or difpofing of any of the faid truft monies ia any other purchafes, or any other fecurkies, whether publick or private, if they (ball fo think fit, in the feme manner, and with the fame freedom and fecurity to themfelves, as they might have done if this aft had not been made.

XVI. And whereas it may ft happen, that the	effix bust-

........dred tboufandptunds, trftme part	j	may	not	be	contributed

and paid into the receipt of his Majtfif s exchequer for

ef the feud annuities, on or before the	day of faint Michael the

___	: archangel, one tboufand seven hundred and thirty fix \ and may

■kiewije happen, that on the faid feaft day of the birth of our Lord Chrifi, me tboufand seven hundred and thirty fix, there may not be fuffident money in the exchequer arifen from the faid furplujfes, ex-yefffo or overplus monies cf the , commonly called The (inking •Fund, to fatisfy and pay the faid intire fum of one million, and the fad South Sea tompany may defire then to receive the whole fum in one intire	payment, in order to make one	of the	whole

■amtngft all the proprietors of their faid capital ftoek of annuities at one time be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Clauft of loan ft>*H and may be lawful to ana for the faid commiffioners of at 3I. per cent, his  Majesty’s trcafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the com-

mi/Boners

Trait monies may be (Sid oat in any other nnr-fWe*

 CjOOQle

19

1736.]	Anno	no»d	George 1II. c. 34^

miffionersof the treafury for the tiflie being, by warrant under' their bands, either to iflhefaad apply such fum or Aims of money as shall then remain in the receipt of the exchequer of the fiiid furplufles, ex cedes or overplus monies, commonly called lit finking Fund, or to permit and fuffer any person or persons; body or bodies politick or corporate, to advance and lend to his Majesty at the fald receipt of the exchequer, at any time after the faid feaft day of faint Afichatl the archangel, one tboufand (even hundred and thirty fix, the faid fum of fix hundred thou-find pounds, or fo much as shall be wanting of the faid contributions to eompleat the (aid fum of fix hundred thousand pound; as aforeiaid; and upon application made by the faid tenth Sea company to the faid commiffioners of the treafiiry, or tbs lord high treasurer for the time being, and giving them notice of loch their defire to have and receive the faid fum of one million in one in tire payment, ten days at lead before the faid feaft day of the birth of our Lord Chrift one thousand seven hundred ana thirty fix, it shall and may be lawfol to and for the com-miilioners ofthe treafury, or any three or more of them now bong, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the com-miffioners of the treafury for the time being, by like warrant under their hands, to permit and fuffer. any perion or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, to advance and lend to his Majesty, at the faid receipt of the exchequer, such further fum aid Aims of money as together with the monies then remaining in the faid exchequer, of the find furplufles, excefles or overplus monies, shall be wanting to eompleat the faid fum of one million; which faid several and refpe&ive fum and fums of money, fo to be advanced or lent in purfoance of this aid for the purposes aforesaid, (hail be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon the growing produce of the faid furplufles, ex-cefles or overplus monies of the fund commonly called Thefinking Fund, and shall be repaid out of the fame, as they shall quarterly afterwards arife, together with an interest for the forbearance thereof in the mean time, not exceeding the rate of three pounds per centum per annum; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority Application aferdiudj, That all the monies coming into the exchequer, mntednl^ either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one aft of this feflion feflion. of parliament, intituled. An o(1 for continuing the duties upon	,

mm,	cyder, and	perry,	in that port of Great Britain called Eng-

land, and for granting to bis Majefiy certain duties upon malt, mum, eyteri andperry, in tpat part ofGreat Britain called Scotland,/*r ibefervitt of the year one tboufand seven hundred and thirty fix,. and fa much inoney (if any such be) of the duties thereby granted and fontinued, as fllan arise or remain after all the loans or ex-	;	r

chequer bills made, or. to be made on the fame adt, and all the intereft, premium, or rate? and charges thereon, and the charge tftersfy allowable for railing the faid duties, shall be fatisfi-ed, jdr ntoney diffident shall be referred in the exchequer to dif-

charge



6o	Anno	nOfio Georgii II. C.34L	[1736.

charge the fame; and all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other id of this fefsion of parliament, intituled. An Qtt for granting an ..aid to hit Majefly by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for tbefervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix% and fo much money (if any such be) of the tax thereby granted, as. frail arise 4 or remain, after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame alt, and all the intereft, premium, or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby .allowable for railing the faid land tax, shall be fatisfied, or money fufficient shall be referved in the exchequer to difcharge the dime* and the sum of fix hundred thousand pounds by this alt granted out of the furpluffes, exceffes, or overplus monies,, commonly called The finking Fundy shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several vfes* intents, and purposes herein exprefled, fubjjelt neverth^lefe tp such re-ftriltions as are herein after prefcribed; that is tp fey,

1,0*7,4361. 4s. XVIII. It is hereby enacted and declared, .That qut of all or I**- tor naval anythe aids or fupplies aforesaid, there shall and may be iflued Krviccs. anj appiie(j any lum or Aims of money not exceeding one mil" lion twenty seven thousand four hundred thirty fix pounds, four (hillings and ten pence, for or towards the naval services here-* in after more particularly exprefled; that is to fay, for or to-? wards defraying the charge of the ordinary pf his Mqjefty** navy, and for half-pay to fea officers, and for or towards victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards tea services in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed, and for or towards the buildings, rebuildings, and repairs of his  Majesty’s (hips, and for or towards other services of the navy, performed and to be performed. ,

XIX. And it is hereby enaCted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be ifToed and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding ten thousand pounds, upon account, for or towards the support of the royal hospital at Greenwichy for the better maintenance of the feamen of the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit m the services of their country. t4,s«o1. 17s. XX. And it is hereby also enabled. That out of all or any th# jd. for the aids or fupplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be iflued and ordnance applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding eighty rfour thousand three hundred and fifty pounds, feventeen (hillings and five pence, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of ordnance for land  service performed and to be performed,' and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office qf ordnance for land  service not provided for by parliament, a, 094,0101.»s. XXL And it is hereby likewise enalted, That but of all or sod farthing, the aids or fupplies provided as aforefeicl, there,frail or may be for the land iflued and applied any fom or fums oi[ money, not exceeding forces, viz. Qnc mj]]jon four thousand twenty: pounds, two (hillings, and tpp pepce farthing, for pr towards ipainuining his Majesty’s

fo,oool. to Greenwich Hofpital.



1736.J	Anno nono Gborgii II. c. 34I	6r

land forces, apd other services herein after more particularly ex-prefled; that is to fay, any fum or fums of thoney not exceeding 649,1701. *j. fix hundred .forty nine thousand two hundred (eventy pounds, for guards . and two (hillings, for defraying the charge of feventeen thousand ***4 garrifons. seven hundred and four,men, including commiffion and non-# commiflion officers, and invalids, for guards, garrifpns and fix independent companies for the  service of the highlands, and other his  Majesty’s land forces in Great Britain, Guernfey and Jtrfey, and other services relatipg to the forces for the year one	*°*r

thoufand seven hundred and thirty fix; and any fum or fums p|^tatio^ * of money, riot exceeding two hundred and fixteen thoufand-• two hundred and twenty eight pounds? ten (hillings, and eleyeij pence, for maintaining his Majesty V forces and g^rrifons in the plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for provifipn for thp garrifons at Annapolis Royal, Canfo, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix; and any ^ jqfc fmn or fumy of money- not exceeding twenty four thousand for5Chdfea five hundred and eighteen pounds, ten (hillings, uppn account, fcofpital. for out-perifioners of Chelfea hofpital, for the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix; and any fum or fums of money hbt exceeding seven thousand one hundred forty fojur pounds, eapenen. ™ one (hilling, and eleven pence farthing* for defraying several extraordinary expences and services incurred and not provided for by parliament; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding forty fix thousand seven hundred and eighty pounds, eighteen fqr (hillings, upon account of half-pay to the reduced officers of his Majesty^s land forces and marines, for the year one thou* land seven hundred and thirty fix, fubjedt nevertheless to such rides to be otlerved in the application of the faid half-pay, as are herein after preferibed concerning the fame; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding three thousand eight hundred and twenty eight pounds, for paying of penfions to widows of such reduced officers of his  Majesty’s land forces and marines;	,

as died upon the eftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain, and /	*» *•

who were married to them before the twenty fifth day. of Def	,y,	'x

<ember> one thousand seven hundred and fixteen, for the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix; which faid fum of three thousand eight hundred and twenty eight pounds, shall be ifiucd to such person or persons, as his Majesty (hall, by war-	.	L/[

rant or warrants under his royal fign manual dire<ft or appoi/it to receive the fame, to be by him or them paid over to such widows of half-pay officers, or their affigns, according'to fuch	1

eftablifhments, lifts, or other dirc<ftions, and with and fubje&	’	1

to such conditions, cjuafifications, deductions, or other allowances for the fame, as his Majesty, by such or the like* warrant or warrants, shall be gracioufly pleafed to direct or appoint^ and any fum or fums of money not exceeding fifty fix thousand 56,150!, two hundred and fifty pounds, on account of the fubfidy pay- dj* hingof able to the king of Denmark, purfuant to the treaty bearingDcnnuriu date the nineteenth day of September, one thousand seven hundred



6i	Anno	nono	GeoRgii	II.	c. 34;

dred and thirty four,: for the year one thou(and; (even hundred and thirty fix.	V

*i,09«l.	XXII.	And it is hereby also enaifted, That dutof all or any

f9T d^c“n‘ the aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there (haft and may grants 1715. be and applied any fum or Turns pf money not exceeding twenty one thousand ninety fix pounds, nine (hillings, ana eight pence, towards making good the deficiency of the grants for thevear one thousand seven hundred and thirty five.

*1,944]. 14*. XXIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any % deficiency a'ds or fopplies provided as aforefiud, there (hail and may fond* general be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty two thousand nine hundred forty four pounds, fourteen (hillings, for making good the deficiency of the fond commonly called The general Fund, for raising seven hundred twenty four thousand eight hundred forty nine pounds, fix fhillings, and .t-	ten pence, and one fifth part of a penny, for the year ending at

Michaelmas, One thousand seven hundred ahd thirty five; and *4,$7ol. is.yd. any fufn or fums of tnoney not exceeding twenty four thousand tothe' finking fjve hundred and feventy pounds, two (hillings, and seven pence, to make good tothe finking fond the like fum paid .out of the .* fame, for interest on the million lent on the credit of the fait duties, for the supply of the year one thousand seven hundred arid thirty four, pUrfuant to a claufe in an a<5t of parliament ‘. palled in the seventh year of his  Majesty’s reign; and any fum

10.000I.	to the or funis of money not exceeding ten thousand pounds, toward? African com- the maintenance of the B ts and fettlementS belonging Pany-	to the royal African company of	, on the coaft of Af-

wtow of *	*	an“	t^iere ^all an<* be ilfued to the trullees for eftar

Georgia.	Wifhmg the colony of Georgia in	, any fum or fums ctf

money nOt exceeding ten thousand pounds, by them to be applied towards fettling and fecuring the faid colony.

The moneyto XXIV. And be it enacted, That the faid aids or foppfies pro-•>e ifiued only vided, as aforesaid, shall not be ifiued or applied to any ufe, intent, or purpose whatsoever, other than the ufes and purposes before-mentioned, or for the several deficiencies, or other payments directed to be fatisfied thereout, by any particular daufe or claufes for that purpose contained in any other adt or acts of this present feflion of parliament.

XXV.	And as to the faid fum of forty .fix thousand seven hundred and eighty pounds, eighteen (hillings, by this adt appropriated on account of half-pay, as aforesaid; it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the rules herein after prefcribed shall be duly obferved in the application thereof; (that is to fay) That no person shall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor, an<f under the age of iixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop, or company, in which he ferved, was reduced; that no person shall have or receive any part of the fame, except such persons who did adtual  service in fome regiment, troop, or company; that no person having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any part of 6	the

11 ncrcin curetted.

Rules to be obferved in the application of balf-PV-





173^-1	Anno nono GeorGI! ILc.-

the (aid half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifoifor Wgiment,

•who has any ecdefiaftieal benefice in Great Britain'Ve'fretmd,

(hall have or receive any of the faid half-pay; that no person shall have or receive any part of the fame, who hath resigned -his commifiton, and hath had no commiffion fmee j that no part of the fame shall be allowed to any person by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to such perfohs, who Would have been otherwise intiried to the fame as reduced officers j and that no part of the fame shall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments df foot, lately diibanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the eftabliihment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXVI.	And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the eighth year	of bis Majesty*s reign, intituled. An adt for granting an aid

to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, -for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty five, Jeveral /applieswhich had been granted to his Majesty, as k therein mentioned, were appropriated to several ufes

therein	txpreffed,	amongft which, any Jim or /urns	money not . .,, ...-

aeding forty nine thousand eight hundred thirty four pounds, thirteen Jhillings, and four pence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced	r

effiters	of bis Majejlfs land forces and marines, fifty eft nevertheless '	'

to fucb rules to be	obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, ;o ?	‘

in and by the aforesaid aft	were preferibedin that j now it	,

is hereby provided, enadfed, and declared by the authority afore- . :. ;1 (aid. That fo much of the faid fumof forty nine thbufand eight surplus mo-hundred thirty four pounds, thirteen (hillings, and four pence, ney granted as is or shall be more than fufficient to fatisfy the faid reduced to reduced officers, according to the faid rules by the faid adt preferibed to	n

be obfaved in the application thereof, or any part of such oyer- how taoedjfi-plus, shall or may be difpofed of to such officers who are maim- poTeddf. ” ed or loft their limbs in the late wars, or such others ns by • f" -reafon of their long  service or otherwise his Majesty fh*H judge to be .proper objedls of charity, or to the widows or Children of such officers, according to such warrant or warrants under his  Majesty’s royal fign manual, as shall be figned in that behalf} any thing in this adf, or the faid former act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

cap; xxxv.

At aft for indemnifying persons who have been guilty of offences againjl the laws made for fecuring the revenues of atftoms and exetfe, and for enforcing thofe laws for the future.

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the several laws already made Preamble, to prevent the unlawful importing and clandejline landing and running of prohibited and uncujlomed goods, divers wicked and evil difpofed persons have of late not only earned on, and do fill continue, fucb pernicious and illegal praftices, in open defiance of the , to the great diminution of the publick revenue, and to the manifejl prejudice of the fair traders, and liktwifefeduced great numbers of other

persons





s*

Perfbni hiving incurred *ny penalty by clandeftine running of goods, Arc. before 17 April, i7*d,

1f

jppAingfalft

enrrictaf

goods.

orabufing officers, Arc. indemnified.

Aflno>nopo Georgii II. c. 35,	[1736.

ferfont tejein with them in the feud wicked practices* whereby the /vti h ittme [0 general, that • it is necejfary that fame further pro-ivijionjbould be made for effectually preventing the fame; yet never-fMefy# .there may be feme hope that many of the Jcud persons, who have been unwarily feduced asaforefaid, may be reclaimed by grace and clemency front offending in the like manner for the future; therefore, ifor the quiet and eafe of his  Majesty’s fubjedts, who may have ^bcen guilty of such offences, and that fitch of them as are opt •Vet become incorrigible, being freed from their (ears and appm-fienfions, may be induced to leave off their illegal practices, and to return to their lawful callings and occupations, and that such persons as shall after such an a& of indulgence, and fo publick a warning, prefume to commit any of the laid offences, may be left without excufe, and be brought td juftice, and duly punifhr-<d, as their crimes, shall deferve, may it pltfafe your Majesty f hat; it may be enacted, and be it enaded by the King’s most excellent niajcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the }ords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every his  Majesty’s mbjeds of this his Majeftv’s realm of Great Britain* their heirs, executors, and administrators, and every of them, who before the twenty seventh day of Aprils in (he year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, have incurred any penalty, or forfeiture in, by, or for the dandc/tfpe Twining, landing, unihipping, concealing, or receiving, any. prohibited goods, wares, or merchandizes, or any foreign goods liable to the payment of the duties of customs and excite,, or either of them, and who are or may be fubjedt to any information or other profecution whatsoever for the duties of such goods, or for th& penalties for the running, landing, unlhipping, concealing, or receiving thereof, or for tne making of any falfe report or entry of the loading of any fhip or veflel inwards or outwards, or for making any report or entjy in a wrong name or names, or for not reporting any such (hip or veflel, or for breaking bulk before making such report or reports, or for altering the package of any goods on board any (hip or. veflel, or for landing of any goods without the prefence of an officer, or for ftaving or otherwise deftroying or fpoiling any goods at or after the feizur# thereof by any officer of the cuftams or excife, or other perfori duly authorized to make filch feizure; and any persons who have beat, abufed, obftrudted, or hindred, any officer ofithe customs or excife, in the due execution of their duty, or who have given or offered a bribe to any officer of the customs or excife; and all persons aiding, a flirting, and abetting in the committing any of the faid offence*; shall be and are by the authority ot this present act acquitted, indemnified, relcafed, and discharged, against the King’s ma-jefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, ana against all and every other person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, and any officer or officers of the customs or excife, and every of them, of and from all the faid offences (not ia this present adt hereafter

excepted

i



9?$$] Anno ^onp Gbp^GJI II, GtSS-	$5

except %4and forepria-ed) and of andfrom: all penalties; Forfeitures, indbftments,outlawries, conviflioM, and judgments, not herein after exempted, incurred, had, or given, or that may or .ought ftrife or accrue for or by reason .or means of any ot tije faid offences or other matters or things herein before-mentioned .and exprefled.

JJ. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every of his Ma- and mayptad jefty's fiibjetts may by him, her, or themfelvcs, or by his, her, *j“» or their ^eputy or deputies,; attorney or attornies, according to the lavs of this realm, plead and iofift bn this a<5t of indemnity ine only i*. ibr bis, her, or their difeharge, of or fpr any thing that is by 4 for ea- ■ virtpe of this ad acquitted, releafed, or discharged, without any **“8 *• fetor payment to any person or perfoos for the writing or en- P**8* tupg oi ffpeh plea, or the judgmentsthereupon; but only fix teen yence tp the .dork or officer; whpfhaU .eater such plea or matter for judgment, or the party’s discharge jo that behalf j any kftr, cuitom, or ufage, to the contrary ootwithftanding. . .. . i k

Ill/ provided always, and be it further enaded by the audio- and flopping tity aforesaid. That al! and every person and persons, who shall ?u P^***^, lake, receive, or be infilled 10 any benefit or advantage by vir-tpe of this prefect ad of indemnity, either by pie adiog’ CUT ifl- cers or their lifting 00 the fame in any court of juffice or otherwise, and Vvho iffiftami coo-hath, or before be, (be, or they shall jdaim the benefit of this cerning the present ad, shall have brought, commenced, or profecuted any Urae* adipp, plaint, or information, in<ji£h»ent, or other prpfecution	•

Whatioever,againft any offiqero/his Majesty’scuftomspr excifc, or again# any person or persons who shall or may bays, been aiding or affixing to any such officer, for or concerning any patter, caufe, or thing done or committed by such officer, or by any person or persons aiding or a Sifting him, on occaSon, or fpr or by reason or means of any qf .the offences, trefpafles,	’

frauds, nfifdemeanors, or other matters or things by this ad intended to be releafed and discharged, fhall, before such time as he, (he, or they shall be admitted to make such plea as afore-&d, or to take any benefit or advantage of this ad, abfblutely jejeafe and difeharge such adion or adions, difcOntinue ana caufe aU proceedings to be (laid in all and every such informs- ' dons, indictments, and other profccution and profecutions brought or commenced as aforesaid. .

IV.	And be it further enaded, That if any person or persons, officers dtf* ' who shall ejaiprj the benefit of this ad, dull after Tuch claim charged, and bring or commence, or caufe to be brought or commenced, reco.Y<-f any adion, plaint, information, or other profecution whatsoever, ^rfonsclabs-qgiinft any offider of Jus  Majesty’s cuftoms, or excife, or other mg the bene-perfon who (hull have aided or affifted any such officer, for or fit of this ad, concerning any |d, matter, or thing done or committed byan<laftor"f Acm, or any of them, on occafton of, or for, or by reason or cutingthem. mpans of any of the offences, frauds, mifdemeanors, or other matters or things intended to be releafed and discharged by this 9&t such claim and shall be deemed to be an abfolute discharge and releafe to such officer or other persons of and from

V0L.XVII.	F	all

 v^ooQie

Anno nono Georgii IL c. 35.	[1736.

afl and every such anions, fuits, and profecutions 5 and such officer or other persons may plead the general iffiie, and give the fpecial matter in evidence; and the faid officer or other person shall recover his colts of fuit against the person or persons fo bringing or commencing such action or profecution. Perfons hav. V. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the authority ingthe bene- aforesaid, That all and every person and persons, who shall take, fit of this a&, rccciVCf or be intitled to the benefit of this present a<S of indenv-wanE guilty nitY>	afterwards	be	guilty	of,	or	commit	any	of	the

of the like of- offences, trefpafles, frauds, or mifderaeanors, as are herein be-fences, liable fore-mentioned, or hereby intended to be acquitted, releafed, or to.b? Pw?k11* discharged, or any of the offences hereafter in this aft to be former and mentioned or exp refled, shall be fubjedt and liable to be pro-new offence, fecuted, not only for Or in rcfpedl of such new offence by him, and for fraug- her, or them committed, but shall also for and in refpedl of the ling bonds,	faid offences committed before the making of this adl, and for

#	and in refpedl of all bonds and fecurities by them or any of them

given to his Majesty, or to any person or persons for his  Majesty’s ufe, commonly called Smtigltng Bonds, be fubjedt and liable to all and every the fame pains, penalties, forfeitures, and actions, for duties of customs or excife, and adlions upon the faid bonds and fecurities, as he, (he, or they would have incurred or been fubjcdl or liable to, in cafe this adl had never been made; any thine herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI.	Provided alfo. That this adl, or any thing herein con-not tained, shall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to acquit,

any judgment	or	difeharge	any	judgment	or	judgments,	where	the

for monies monies Or other things recovered have been adtually levied or a&uallylevied, taken in execution before the making of this adl; nor shall the nor the in- fame extend, or be conftrued to extend, to acquit, releafe, or Sthe penalty, difeharge anY judgment or judgments, in refpedt to such part ^'thereof as belongs to the informer, or such person or persons who hath or have joined with his Majesty in such fuk or fuits, wherein such judgment or judgments hath ,or have been obtained, unless and until such person or persons who would take the benefit of this adl shall pay to such informer or other* person or persons the full cods of such fuit or fuits, in which such judgment or judgments shall have been obtained.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled by the authority Perfons now aforesaid. That if any person or persons who hath committed or liable to be been guilty of any otthe offence or offences herein before men-tranfported tioned, for which any such person or persons is or are by any offences,com- *aw or ftatute now *n being liable to be tranfported as a felon mining the or felons, shall for any of the faid offences take or receive the like after benefit of this present adl, and shall afterwards be guilty of, or ebn^gtbe commit any of the faid offences, for which he, (he or they is or

to fuffer* are now to be tranfported as aforesaid ; then all and every death.	fuch person and persons {being duly convidled of or for any of

the faid offences hereafter to be committed as aforesaid, and upon due proof made that such person or persons had committed

any





1736.] Anno nono Gborgii II. c. 35-	*7

any of the faid offences before the making of this aft, and had taken or received the benefit thereof for his, her or their discharge) shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fuffer death as m cafes* of felony without benefit of clergy.

VTII. Provided alfo. That all persons, who have compoun-ded with or agreed to pay any sum of money by way of com- Compofition ' pofition to his Majesty, or to the lords commiflioners of his money, ex-Majesty’s treafury, or to any of the barons of the exchequer, or eluded from to the commiflioners of the customs or excife respectively for tb? h^efit of the time being, on his Majeft/s behalf, for or in relpeft of any* ,# a of the above mentioned offences, or for the forfeitures or penalties arifing thereby, shall make good such compofitions and agreements as have been by them respectively made, or in default thereof all and every such persons shall be excluded and deprived1 of and from all benefit and advantage of this aft.

Excepted and foreprized out of this aft, all (eizures of pro- Excepted out hibited or uncuftometf goods and other goods, and all feizures of this a&, all of (hips, vdTels, boats, horfes, or other cattle or carriages, lia- veflels, ble to be feized and forfeited by any law in being relating to IxT *	#

his Maiefty’s revenues of cuftom or excife, for or in refpeft of the forfeiture and condemnation of such goods only; and also laving and excepted out of this present aft unto his Majesty,

. his heirs and fucceflors, all cuftoms, duties, and fums of money due and owing from any person or persons, for or upon the entry or lawful importation of any goods, wares, or merchandizes ; and all and every debts and fums of money due to his Money due on Majesty from any person or persons upon any bond, obligation, or other contraft or ageement whatsoever, touching or con- Sr bonds ceming the lawful landing or importing any goods, wares, or merchandizes, or the customs or other duties due or payable for the fame; and all bonds and obligations given by any officer or officers of the customs or excife to his Majesty, or any of his predeceflbrs, or to any other person or persons for the ufe of or in truft for his faid Majesty or his predeceflbrs 5 and also faving to his faid Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, all debts, dues, and demands, due or owing to his feid Majesty for or in refpeft of any fum or fums of money by him or any of his royal predeceflbrs at any time paid upon any debenture or debentures, Debentures certificate or certificates, where any such debenture or certificate fraudulently was wrongfully or fraudulently obtained, or where the fame obtamc 1 debenture afterwards became void by any relanding of the goods therein mentioned, or by any other wav or means whatsoever; and all other debts, dues, and demands, for and in refpeft of the cuftoms, excife, and other duties chargeable on any goods, wares, or merchandizes, concerning which there is any aftion, and a&ions information, fuit, or profecution now depending in any of his fl0W dePcnd* Majesty ’s courts at Wejiminft^r or elfewhere.	Ins'

IX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enabled by the authority Treafury may aforesaid. That in cafe any judgment shall be given for his Ma-jefty, his heirs or fucceflors, in any fuit or fuits depending, in judgment was any of his Majesty’* courts at fVeftminJItr dr elfewhere, on the given for bit

F ^	eleventh

68	Anno nono Georgii II. a 35*	{1736•

Majesty in eleventh day of May, one thou&nd seven hundred arid thirty fuits depend- for tjjC rccoVery of any debts, dues, or demands, due or i736,nrclaringOV7*n8 10 M* faid Majesty tor or in refpedfof any money paid to debentures, by him or his royal predeceffors upon any debenture or deben-&c.	tures,	or certificate or certificates, where any such debenture or

certificate was wrongfully or fraudulently obtained, or wherje the fame became void by relanding the goods therein mentioned, or by any other ways or means whatsoever; it ihall and may by lawful to and for the commiffioners of his Majeftv’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, in cafe he or they shall think fit, to compound for, releafe, or difchdrge the fame, notwithstanding any appropriation thereof by any act or ads of parliament, but lo as all fiich monies which shall arise or be received by virtue of. any such compofition, shall be applied in such manner, and to such ufc$, as the original debts, dues, or demands recovered by such judgments are or would be applicable, if this a& had not been madf, or in a rateable proportion where the fame debts, dues, and demands are applicable to different ufes.	,	*

X.	And whereas divers diftolute and diforderly persons frequently t appear in great gangs near the fea coajh and the Jbores of navigable rivers, and in and about the towns and villages adjacent thereto, and in divers other parts of this kingdom, carrying fire-arms or other* often five weapons, to the great terror of his Majcjlfs fubjeQs, and the hindrance of the civil officers, and the officers of the euftoms and r-	excife,	in the execution ana difeharge of their duty, and during tbeijr

abode there commit great fpoil and devaflation to the ejiates thereaboutr, in order to be aiding and ajjijling in the clandeftine running, landing, or carrying away prohibited and uncuflomed goods,' and to refeue the fame after feizure from the officers ofthe cujloms or excife, and to watch for proper opportunities for that purpoje; and whereas several officers of the revenue and others their affiflants have been wounded, maimed, audfome of them murdered in the execution of their\ office* and great quantities of run goods have been refeued afur feizure, Qtid fariffs and other civil officers have been forcibly hindred from the execution of procefs: for preventing thereof be it further After *4.June, enacted by the authority aforewid. That from and after the 17.36, any ju- twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thou-feven hundred and thirty fix, upon information to be oath, that 3 or &vcn uP°n oath before anyone or more of his  Majesty’s juftices snore iJerfons of the peace in any county, city, or liberty whatsoever, that any are aflcmbled persons to the number of three or more are or have been after ed^thfire"1 ^ twcnty ^ourt^ day of June, onethoufand (even hundred arms, &c. may an(* t^irty fix, aflembled for any of the purposes aforesaid, and grant a war. are or have been after the faid twenty fourth day of armed rant forap- with firerarms or other offenfive arms or weapons; fucKjuftioe prehending or ju(^Ces of the peace shall and may grant his or their warrant ra*	to the conftable$, headboroughs, and other peace officers what-

foever, or any of thpm, requiring such officer and officers re-fpe&ivcly, to take to his ana their alfiftance as many of kiaMajesty’sfubjedts as may be thought neceflary for the apprehending



Anrto nono Georgii H. c-35-	69

ing all and every person and persons, against whom such information shall be given as aforesaid; and luch juftice or juftices of the peace shall and may (if upon due examination he or they find caufe) commit all and every or any of the faid person and persons to the next county gaol, there to remain without bail^c®m®^ or mainprize until he, (he, or they (haH be discharged by due*0^t ° courfe of law; and all and every such person and persons upon due proof of his, hter, or their being aflembled and armed as aforesaid, in order to be aiding and affifting in the clandeftinc a{Te^ running, landing, refeuing, or carrying away prohibited or un- bled to affift cuftomed goods, and upon convidion of and for such offence. In the running shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be tranfported as a	thp

felon or felons to fome or one of his  Majesty’s colonies or plan-L^rted for 7 * rations in America, there to remain for the (pace of seven years, years, as other in the fame manner as felons are appointed to be tranfported felons by the "by an ad made in the fourth year of the reign of his late Ma- ***• ♦ * 6 jmy king George the First, of glorious memory, intitled. An 0*1. c. tu for the furtherpreventing robbery, burglary and other felonies, and 6Geo!i.c.»3#* for the more effectual tranfportation of felons, and unlawful exporters of woolly and for declaring the law upon fome points relating to pirates, and by another ad made in the fixth year of the reign of his (aid late Majesty, intituled, An at1 for the better preventing robbery, burglary, and other felonies, and for the more effectual Perfons re. tranfportation of felons; and if any such offender or offenders ^^xliration shall return into Great Britain or Ireland before the expiration such term, of the faid term, contrary to the intent and meaning hereof, to fuffer death, he or they fo returning shall fuffer as felons, and have execu- sol- reward tion awarded against them as persons attainted of felony without [or_2Trt* benefit of the clergy.	gt

XL And for the better difeovery and apprehending all and sol. to 1

every the faid offender and offenders, be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the faid twenty pr *	&

fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, all and every person or persons, who shall apprehend and take any person or persons guilty of any of the offences laft before-mentioned, shall have and receive for every such offender who shall be convided of any such offence, the Aim of fifty pounds, to be paid in such manner as herein after is mentioned, immediately after such convidion and demand thereof made by tendring a certificate under the hand or hands of the judge or # * judges before whom such offender or offenders shall be convided, certifying the convidion of such offender or offenders, and that he, (he, or they were taken bv the person or persons claiming the faid reward ; and that it any person or persons and 50I. to the shall happen to lofe any limb, or an eye, or be otherwise maim- executors of ed or dangeroufly wounded, in the apprehending, or in the en- p*rfons killed deavouring to apprehend, or making purfuit after, any such ifeh of” offender or offenders, all and every person and persons fo maim- fenders* cd or wounded as aforesaid shall upon such convidion as aforesaid have and receive the sum of fifty pounds, over and above any other reward that he or they shall be intitled to by virtue of '	F3	4his



79	Anno nono Georgii II. c 35.	[173/?.

this aft* and that in cafe any person or persons shall happen to be killed in the taking or apprehending, or endeavouring to apprehend, or in making purluit after, any such offender or offenders, that then the executors or adminiftrators of such person or persons fo killed as aforesaid (upon certificate delivered under the hands and feals of the juftice or juftices of aflize for the county where the fail was done, or the two next juftices of I he peace, of such person or persons being fo killed, which certificate the faid juftice or juftices, upon fufficient proof before him or them made, is and are hereby required Immediately to give without fee or reward) shall have and receive thefum of fifty pounds, over and above any other reward that the person or persons fo killed, his or their executors or adminiftrators, shall or may be intitled to by virtue of this ail.

Offenders dif. XII. And be it further enafted, That if any of the faid of-covering * or fender or offenders shall within three months after such his, more accom- her, or their offence, and before his, her, or their conviftion, ptices, three difeover two or more of his, her, or their accomplices therein to the^ffence to commiflioners of the customs or excife in England or Scot-the commifli- land refpeftively, fp as they or two of them at lead be convifted oners of the of such offence, the offender or offenders fo difeovering shall CUk°Tr w*c‘ h*ve an^ Teceiv$ the sum of fifty pounds for every such often-ed, andinml" ^er difeovered and convifted, as a reward for (uch his, her, ed*to <oJ. or their difeovery, and every such person fo difeovering shall be ward.	clearly acquitted and discharged of such his, her, or their of-

fence ; all which faid rewards shall be paid in such manner as herein after is mentioned.

Two or more XIII. And whereas the laws in being have hitherto proved infuf-persons found fic\ent for preventing the carrying prohibited and uncuftomei foodf ther withm" trough the country with an armed force \ for remedy thereof bo it miles of the 5 further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That from arid after fea, or a na- the faid twenty fourth day of JunCj one thousand seven hundred viphlc river, and thirty fix, all persons who to the number of two or more in cart £*’ company shall be found patting within five miles from the fea Joaden with coafts, or from any navigable river, with one or more horfe, or 61b. of tea, jiorfes, or with any cart or carriage, whereon there shall be la-c gallons of Jen or put more than fix pounds of tea, or brandy or other fpi-other ?b?rits ”ts cxcee(hng the quantity of five gallons, not having paid the gcc. not hav- duties by law charged thereon, and not having a permit for the ing paid the fame, or any other foreign goods or commodities above the va-duty, and Jue of thirty poundsJlerUng landed from any (hip or veffel with-bearing of- out the due entry and payment of the duties by law charged erbdngnwik- thereon, and shall carry any pffenfive arms or weapons, or wear ed, &c7 to be ariy vizard mask, or other difguife, when pafting with such deemed run- goods apd commodities as aforesaid, or shall forcibly hinder, ners of foreign obflruft, aflault, oppofe, or refill any of the officers or the cuf-goods. toms or cxcjfe jn t£e fcizing or fecuring any fort of prohibited, tmeuftomed, or run goods or commodities, or other the execution of their office, shall be deemed and taken to be runners of (Foreign goods and commodities within the intent and meaning pf ope aft of parliament made in the eighth year of the reign of

his

 Goc • e

*7&6J Anna nono GfeoRGii IL c. 35.	71

his faid late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An alt to*9eo.x. e.if. to prevent the clandejline running ofgeods, and the danger of infection thereby, and to prevent Jbips breaking ^their quarentine 5 and to [object copper ore of the production of the Britim plantations to fmh re* gulations as other enumerated commodities of the like production are fub~ jt&y although no proof shall be given or made that such tea, brandy, fpirits, or other goods or commodities were run, or had not been duly entered and paid the duties chargeable thereon ; but the proof of such entry and payment of the duties. The proof of and of the manner how the faid persons fo found with the faid cntf7 an<1 f goods and commodities came by the fame, shall wholly lie luch person and persons; and all and every person and persons on the persons being convi&ed of or for any of the faid offences shall be ad-found with the judged guilty of felony, and shall for his, her, or their offence, K00^ be tranlported as a felon or felons to fome one of his  Majesty’s colonies or plantations in America, there to remain for the space of seven years, in such manner as felons are appointed to be tranfported by the faid two alts made for that purpose in the fourth and (ixth years of the reign of his Majesty King George the First, herein before particularly mentioned $ and S any such offender or offenders shall return into Great Britain or Ireland before the expiration of the faid seven years, he or they to returning shall fuffer as felons, and have execution awarded against him, her, or them, as persons attainted of felony without benefit of clergy.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, All goods. That all the goods, wares, and merchandizes, fo found as a- weapons, forelaid, and all weapons and arms, as» well offenfive as de-furmture^and fefifive, found upon or with such person or persons as afore-

(aid, and all the furniture of their and every of their horfe and found, forfeit-horfes, and other cattle and carriages, and the chefts, boxes, ed. bags, calks, and other package of all goods fo found as aforesaid, ihall be forfeited and loft.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The 501. re-That if any officer of the customs or excife shall lofe any limb J?ard to per-or an eye, or be otherwise maimed, or dan|erou(ly wounded, [Apprehend-by any offender or offenders herein laft mentioned, in the exe- fog, cution of the duty of his office, or if any such officer or other

perfon whatsoever shall be fo maimed or wounded as aforesaid, in the apprehending, or endeavouring to apprehend, or making purfuit after any such offender or offenders, all and every such officer and officers, person and persons, fo maimed and wounded as aforesaid, shall upon the conviltion of such offender or offenders have and receive as a reward the sum of fifty pounds, pver and above any other reward that he or they shall be in-r and t0 thc titled to by virtue of this alt 5 and in cafe any perlon or persons executors of shall happen to be killed in the taking or apprehending, or p«*fons killed, endeavouring to apprehend, or in making purfuit after, any aPPlcncn , such offender or offenders, that then the executors or admini-ftrators of such person or persons (0 killed as aforesaid (upon certificate under the hands and feals pf the juftipe or juftices of

F 4.	afliz*



to the difcovertfrs of their accomplices.

to be paid by the rcfpe&ive receivers general, by order of com-miflioiiers, on ceit ideate of the judge of the offender's conviction*

Comraiflion-ers to adjuft the (hares in cafe ot difference.

persons lurking within 5 rniies of the fca, or a navigable river.

Annonoho GeorgIi II. C. $5.	£ 173ft

ifTiii far the etfarnty vthere the fa& was done, or the two nett juftices of the peace, of fnch person or persons being fo killed* which certificate the faid iuftice or juftices, upon fu&cient proof before him or them made, is and are hereby required imtnd-diately to give without fee or reward) shall have and receive the farri of fifty pounds over and above any other reward that the perfoh or persons fo killed, his, her, or their executors or ad-mihiftrators, shall orfnay be intitled to by virtue of this a6t.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, Tnat from and after the faid twerfty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred dhd thirty fix, if any person or persons fhall, within three months after any of the faid offences herein laft before mentioned shall hate been committed, difeover to the comffliflioners of the coftoms or excife in England or Scotland refpedtively, any perfbn or persons who shall have been guilty of any such offence* ft> is such offender or offenders be convldled thereof, such dif-dbtffcref or difeoverers lhall have and receive the sum of fifty jfoiihda for every such offender fo difeovered and convidled, over and above any other reward or recompence which he, (he, dr they may be intitled to by any law or ftatute now iti Bding.

XVJI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That the Commiffioners of the customs and excife in England and Scotland refpedtively shall caufe the several rewards Irt thli aft before respectively mentioned to be paid td thd several arid refpeftive persons who shall becomd intitled theretd as aforefiid, by the refpeftive receiver general or cafhier, or other f>ropdf Officer of the customs and excife for the time being, out 6f ajiy pUblick money in his or their hands under the management df the faid commiffioners, upon producing to them a certificate or certificates under the hand or hands of the judge or judges of the cdurt before whom such offender or offenders (half be tried, certifying his, her, or their conviftion, br upon producing filch certificate of any such persons being fo killed as aforesaid, as is herein before mentioned ; and that if any difpute shall arise between the perfobs fo intitled to the faid rewards or any of them about their refpeftive (hares and proportions thereof, the flmd fflall be divided to and amongft such persons as aforesaid, in fueh (hares and proportions as to the faid commiffioners of the Euftoms or excife refpeftively, or to the major part of thdth, shall feem juft and reasonable ; and the money paid by any receiver general, cafhiCr; or other officer as aforesaid, shall bd accepted of, and allowed in his accounts, as fo much money paid to his Majesty, and every such officer’is and shall be hereby discharged thereof accordingly; arty law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.:

XVIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That upon information to be given upon oath before any ond or more of his Majcfty’s juftices of the peace in any county, city* ' or liberty whatsoever, that any person or persons are or fhalJ be lurking, waiting, or loitering, within five miles from thd

fea.



73

rJfi6.'] Ahfto nofro QttrkonTL c. 35.

fea ccfcft, d^frotn any navigable river, and that theri is reason to fbfjpetft that they wait with intent to he aiding and affifting in ffee Running, landing, 6r carrying away, any prohibited or tmctiffofl'ted goods, it mall and may be lawful to arid for every f&ch juftice dr jufticCs to caufe all such persons to dome and be btoogbt before him or them, and to grant his or their warrant1 dr Watftnts for the apprehending such offender, and bringing him or them before any of his  Majesty’s laid juftices of the peace; and if filch persons Ihall not give a fatisfaClory account of them- not giving a fdves, and their callings and employments, or otherwise make fatisfaCtory it appear to the fatisfa&ion of such joftice or juftices that they account to the are not to be employed of concerned in, or to be aiding or j£ftlce* 5? ** affifting in the carrying on any fraudulent ot clandeftine trade, houfeof cor-of unlawful buffriefs or occupation, and are not at such place re&ion, whipt, as afofe&id with intent to carry on the faid clandeftine practices, and kept to then dvery person who Ihall not give such account and fatisfac- hard labour* tion to such juftlce or juftices shall be committed to the houfe of correction, there to be whipt and kept to hard labour for any *<**• reward time, tfchich such juftice or juftices mall in his or their difcre-tion think meet, not exceeding one month, and that the com- fUCh offend-miffioners of the customs or excife refpeCtively Ihall caufe to tte ers, to be paid paid to the person of persons informing of such offender or of- by com-ftnders a regard 6f twenty fhillings per head for every such of- nuffioncrs* finder fd taken as aforesaid.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-Perfons fo ap-thdfhy afotefaid, That if atiy such person fo brought before prebended,de-fuch iuftice or juftices shall defire time for the making it aopear*5™^ *jme to that he or they is or are not concerned in any of the fraudulent JyJJJj,

of dandeftine practices above mentioned, such person or persons accufation, to shall not be punifhed by whipping or other correction $ but that be only com-then and in eveiy liich cafe it Ihall and may be lawful to and J?lttedK?* for every ftich juftice and juftices to commit foch person and fusion, or fc-pertbns to the common gaol, there to.remain and continue un- curity given, til he or they shall give such account of him or themfelves, or nottobeguilty make proof of the matters aforesaid to the fatjsfaCtion of such °*_5hc juftice or juftices, or until such person or persons shall give and 0 nccs* find good ahd fufficient fecurity to the approbation and fatis-ft&ion of the faid juftice or juftices, not to be guilty of any of the faid offonces, or fraudulent, clandeftine, or indireft practices.

XX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid,

That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one	to

Aoufand seven hundred and thirty fix, if any pcnon shall offer foie, With or any tea, bfahdy, arrack, rum, or other ftrong waters, or fpirits, without a pcr-to frle, not having a permit for the fame, or if any hawker, jit, may be pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading person or persons going from tbwn to town, or to other mens houfes, and trad- p mg either on foot, or with any horfe or horfes, or other cattle.

Or otherwise, within the kingaom of Great Britainf shall offer ahy such tea, brandy, or other fpirits, to fale, although (uch fawker, pedlar,-or trading person or persons, shall have a permit



74	Annonono Gegrgii II. c.35.	[1736.,

mit for the fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for every person and persons, to whom the fame shall be fo offered to fale, to (lop, arreft, feize, and detain all such tea, brandy, or fpi-rits, and carry the fame to the next warehpufe belonging to the customs or excife, and to bring the person and persons (o offering the fame to fale before any one of his  Majesty’s juftices of the peace, to be by him committed to prison, and profecuted for the penalties and forfeitures incurred for such offence; and such tea, brandy, or other fpirits, shall and may be profecuted in the name of such person or persons who (lopped or feized the fame, proiecute in *n manncr as ^ the faid goods had been feized by any officer his own name, of the customs or excife; and after condemnation of the goods, and on reco- and commitment of the persons fo offending as aforesaid, the persons fo feizing the fame as aforesaid shall be intitled to one third part of the grofs produce of the fale of such goods, which the commiffioners of the customs and excife refpedtively are to caufe to be paid accordingly ; and in cafe such person or per-

The person flopping such goods may ofecute in

very be intitled to a third part of the produce at

fale.

ed or run goods, to forfeit treble the value.

Commiffioners fons, fo feizing the faid goods, shall defire it, the faid commif-per^ouncf for ®oncrs *n the mean time till the faid goods can be publick-tea,Pand 1 s.°' ty fold, caufe one (hilling for every pound of tea, and one (hil-per gallon for ling for every gallon or brandy lo feized, to be paid or ad-brandy, fo vanced to such person or persons, upon a certificate under the pro^utorthC ^an<^	iu^ice or ju^*ccs °f such offender or offenders be-

nU fale. °r* *ng committed to prison, and after the fale of such goods the monies fo paid or advanced shall be replaced out of the produce of such fale; any law, cuftom, or ulage to the contrary not-withftanding.

After *4 June, XXI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, 1736, water- That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one ^"found*™* thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, all watermen, carmen, with prohibit porters, and other persons whatsoever, employed in carrying any goods, wares, or merchandizes prohibited, run, or clan-deitincly imported, upon whom, or in whofe cuftody, the feme shall be found or feized, knowing the fame goods to be prohibited, or to have been clandeftinely run or imported without payment of the duties of customs or excife refpeflively, and who shall be thereof lawfully convidled upon his, her or their appearance or default upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witneffes, or by the confeflion of the party before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, divifion, or liberty where such offence shall be committed or the offender found (which oath such juftice or juftices of th* peace are hereby authorized and required to adminifter) shall forfeit treble the value of all such goods fo found ai)d feized, one moiety thereof to the informer, the other moiety thereof to the poor of the pari(h where such offence shall be committed; the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods or chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and (Seals of such juftice or juftices before whom such offender shall be convifted as aforesaid; and for want of such diftrefs every fpch Qffender (h?H by such juftice or juftices be committed tQ

,	'	the

 boodle

J73&] Anno nonoGEOROii IL c. 35.

75

the houfc of correction, there to be whipt and kept to hard labour for any time that such juftice or juftices of the peace shall in his or their diferetion judge meet, not exceeding three months*

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Veflels arriv* That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of Juney one *nS ^rom thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, where any lhip or veflel whatsoever coming or arriving from foreign parts, and having 0f tea on onboard fix pounds of tea, or any foreign brandy, arrack, board.orbran-rum, ftrong waters, or other fpirits whatsoever, in calks under dy, &c. m sixty gallons (except only for the ufe of thefeamen then belonging to and on board such (hip or veflel, not exceeding two gallons ?Cpt for the for each feamcn) shall be found at anchor, or hovering within uie of the fea-the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within two men) havering leagues of the lhore, or shall be difeovered to have been within the limits of any port, and not proceeding on her voyage, fljore, wind and weather permitting (unlefs in cafe of unavoidable ne-ceffity, and diftrefs of weather, of which neceflity and diftrefs the matter, purfer or other p<(rfon having or taking the charge or command of such {hip or veflel, shall give notice to, and make proof of before the collector or other chief officer of the CHftoms of such port as aforesaid immediately after the arrival of	'

fuch (hip or veflel into the faid port) all such tea, foreign brandy, arrack, rum, ftrong waters and fpirits, together with the chefts, aoC be for-" boxes, ca(ks, and other package whatsoever, containing the feited. fame goods, pr the value thereof, shall be forfeited and loft (whether bulk shall then have been broken or not) and the lame goods and package shall and may be f$ized and profecuted, or the value thereof fued for by any officer or officers of the customs or excife in such manner ana form as herein after is expreffed; any law, ftatute, or cuftom to the contrary notwith* fta ’*

• And whereas foreign goods are frequently taken out of After *9 Sept/ flips at fea without the limits of any forty with intent to be fraudu* 1736, foreign kntly landed in this kingdom; tor preventing thereof, be it further goods taken cna&edby the authority aforesaid. That in cafe any foreign goods, wgres, or merchandizes, shall after the twenty ninth within four day of Septembery one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, leagues of the by any (hip, boat, or veflel whatsoever, be taken in at (ea, ox Bntilh coafts put out or any (hip or veflel whatsoever, within the diftance jjjjhoiit Pay-of four leagues from any of the coafts of this kingdom (whether ftoms,° CU~ the fame be within or without the limits of any of the ports (unfefs in caife thereof) without payment of the customs and other duties due of apparent and payable for the fame (unlefs in cafe of apparent neceflity or Ji^^orteited feme other lawful reafon, of which the matter or other perfon	9

having charge of such (hip, veflel or boat, fo taking in the fame, fter, See. to shall give immediate notice to, and make proof before the chief forfeit treble officer or officers of the customs of the first port of this kingdom ^ffelVo1^ where he shall arrive) such goods, wares and merchandizes,

(hall be forfeited and loft, and the mafter, or other person hav- above’too ipg charge pf (u^h Ihipj veflel pr boat fo taking in the fame, tuns.





7$	Anno nono Georgii II. C.35;

and aH such persons who shall be aiding, affifting or otherwise concerned in the unfhipping or receiving of tne faid goods, wares or merchandizes; (nail forfeit treble the value thereof $ and the (hips, boats and veflels, into which the faid goods, wares and merchandizes (hatl be nn(hipped and taken in, shall also be forfeited and loft, any (hip, boat or veflel, fo to be forfeited and loft, not exceeding the bur hen of one hundred tuns 1 and the mafter, purfer or other person taking charge of such fhip or veflel out of which such goods shall be taken (unlefs in ca(e of such apparent neceflity or other lawful reafon, whereof notice shall be given by him, and proof be made as aforesaid) shall also forfeit treble the value of the goods fo unfhipped as aforesaid; which forfeitures shall be divided and recovered in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

. penalty XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, on ofcring to That if any person or persons whatsoever shall offer any bribe, bribe an offi- recompence or reward whatsoever, to any officer or officers of ^^to^nnhr.^c customs or excife, to connive at or permit any cuftomable or prohibited goods to be run on (here, or to connive at ant falle or ftiort entry of any such goods, or to do any other aft whereby his Majesty might be defrauded in his faid revenues, every such person and persons shall for every offence (whether the lame offer or propofal shall be accepted or not) forfeit the fom of fifty pounds, to be recovered and divided in such manner as herein after is mentioned.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That one moiety of the fcveral penalties and forfeitures in this aft mentioned (nail be to the u(e of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety shall be to the ufe of such person and persons as shall inform, profecute or fue for the fame (except in such cafes where any other appropriation or diftri-bution of the faid penalties is made by this act, or by any other aft or afts) and that all the fame penalties and forfeitures shall and may be profecuted and fued for, and the caufes and con-troverfies arifing thereupon, tried, heard, and determined, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at IVeJlminfter, or in the court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively (except where any

Srovifion to the contrary is made by this or any other law or atute now in force) wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

A&ions of af- ^ XXVI. And, for the better and more impartial trial of any l^'JP^'^indiftment or information which shall be found, commenced tried in any or profecuted, for any affault made or committed upon any of ,6oahtyofEng- the officers of the customs or excife ; be it further enafted by land*	the	authority	aforefaid,	That all and every the faid offence and

offences shall and may be enquired of, examined, tried and determined in any county within that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called England, in such manner and form as if the fame offence had been therein committed.

'	XXVII.	Jnd whereas in Jhips from foreign parts goods are often

tonualei in falfe bulk heads, between the linings and falfe knees f or

m

Forfeitures how to be recovered and diftributed.



173&A Anno nano Geoegii II. €.35*	77

in amualed lockers^ or in the ballajl or falfe package, and other places, which the officers of the cujloms cannot eafily find out or difcover^ in order to their being landed without payment of duties, and jiuh goods cresset by any law liable to forfeiture^ unlefsthe fame be found after clearing the Jbip by the proper officer or officers of the cujloms; for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That All goods all goods which shall be found concealed as aforesaid, or con- found concealed in any other place on board any (hip or veflel at any time c5aIcd after after the mailer thereof shall have made his report at thecuftom- rcpoitatthe houfe, aod which shall not be comprized or mentioned in the cnftom houfe, laid report, shall be forfeited and loft, and shall and may be forfeited, Jeized and profecuted by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, and m** and the mailer, purler, or other pcrfon having the charge or command of such (hip or veflel (in cafe it can be made appear the value, that be was any ways confenting or privy to such fraud or concealment^ shall forfeit treble the value of the goods (b found, lobe divided and recovered in fuch.manner as herein before is mentioned.

XXVm. And whereas the punijbment to which such persons as /ball for ably obftrufi or hinder any officer of the cujloms or excife, being on board any Jbip, boat or veffel within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom* are liable by law, hath proved infufficicnt $ tor preventing the laid offences, be it further enabled by the PeHons foie?-authority afore&id. That from and after the faid twenty fourth Wy.obftrofting day of June, one thousand fevea hundred and thirty fix, if any officer or officers of the customs or excife, being on board any board in tlie (hip, boat or vellel within the limits of any of the ports of this execution of kingdom, be forcibly fondred, oppofed, obftrudted, wounded £c,ro^ces>w or beaten, in the due execution of his or their office or duty, JjJJ Sot CTcefci*

Sany pcrfon or persons whatsoever, either in the day or nighi, jng 7 yCars, and every p$r(on and persons fo forcibly hindring, oppofing, obftruding, wounding or beating the faia officer or officers ia tbe execution of his or their office, and all such as (haill act in their aid or aififtance, being convicted thereof, shall by order of the court before whom such offender or offenders shall be Gonvided, be tranfported to fome of his  Majesty’s colonies and plantations in America, for such term as such court shall think fit, not exceeding (even years, in the fame manner as by one made in the fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty King *

George the First, pf glorious memory, intituled.  An act for the & otbcr felon* farther preventing robbery, burglary and other felonies^ and for the by thea&s more ffiftual tranfpmaticn of felons* and unlawful exporters of 6Gea. i. wadi, and for declaring the law upon fome points rdatis\g to pirates; nod by one other act made in the fixth year of the reign of hie fiud late Majesty, intituled.  An act for the better preventing robr b^>Ju^gkryiandotber felonies, and far the more ejfefiual trafijporta^ tion if felons' the offenders therein mentioned are to be tranf-

Ked to thc^aid colonies and plantations ; and if any such o£-ier jot offenders shall return into Great Britain sx Ireland before the expiration pf the faid term, contrary to tbe fount and meaning hereof, he or they fo xetuming {hall iuffer as f?lon$,

and





Officers may go on board coalline vef-iels, and fearch for prohibited goods.

and continue on board during the veflePt flay in the port.

loot, penalty on obftru&ing officers.

100I. penalty on alehoufe men, Uc. knowingly harbouring any person a-gainft whom procefs hath wiled for obit ruling officers, Sc*

Anno nono Georgii II. c.35.	[1736.

and have execution awarded against them as pcrfons attainted of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XxIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, it shall and may be law. ful to and for any officer or officers of the customs or exdfe, producing his or their warrant or deputation, warrants or deputations (if required) to go on board and enter into any coaft-ing (hip or veflel, which shall be within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, and to rummage ^nd fearch the cab-bin and all other parts of all such coaftine (hips or veflels, for prohibited and uncuftomed goods, and such officer and officers is and are hereby authorised and impowered to fray and remain on board all such fhips and veflels, during the whole time that the fame shall continue within the limits of any such port as aforesaid ; and if any person or persons whatsoever shall obftruft, oppofe, moled, let or hinder any officer or officers of the customs or excife, in going or remaining on board any such coafting (hip or veflel, or in the entring or learching the cabbin, or any other part thereof, every such person and persons shall for every such offence forfeit and lofe the sum of one hundred pounds, to be divided and recovered in such manner as herein before is exprefled.

XXX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons who keep or shall keep any tavern alehoufe, victualling houfe, or other houfe where ale, wine, brandy, or other ftrong liquors shall be fold by retail, shall after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, knowingly receive, harbour or entertain any person or persons against whom any Capias or other procefs of arreft shall have iflfued, for having beat, abufed or obftruft-ed any officer or officers of the customs or excife in the execution of their office, or for any offence or offences that are or shall be committed against any of the laws now in being for preventing frauds in relation to the revenues of customs or excife, or for any crime or crimes whatsoever that shall be committed or done in prejudice of the. faid revenue, and to which Capias or other procefs the (heriff or other officer having execution of the faid procefs shall have returned, that such person or persons cannot be found, and which person or persons shall not have appeared to the faid procefs, or for any other offence, fraud or mifdemeanor in this aft mentioned, or to the prejudice of his  Majesty’s customs or excife, or shall knowingly harbour, receive or entertain any person or persons, who having been in prison for any of the faid offences shall have efcaped, or who shall have been convifted for the fame, and shall fly from juftice; shall forfeit one hundred pounds, to be recovered and divided in such manner as is herein before exprefled, and be rendred incapable pf having a licence for keeping or of keeping any tavern, alehoufe, or victualling houfe, or felling vane, ale, brandy, or other ftrong liquors by retail, for the future.

I73^-] Anno nono Georgii II. c. 35.	79

XXXI.	Provided nevertheless, That no persons shall fuffer any penalty or difability for such receiving, harbouring or en- .r . *5!* tertaining, unless publick notice shall have been first given fix c^ctte'of * days before in two fucccflive Gazettes, of the abfeonding of the such pcrfon’i person or persons who shall be fo received, harboured or enter- abfeonding, tained, and also by writing to be fixed to the door of the pari(h church where such person or persons laft dwelt before, his ab- 0° th* fconding.	.	church.

XXXII.	And whereas it hath been found by experience y that the bailiffs and other officers having the execution of procefs in the several counties, cities and liberties of this kingdom,. often hold correfpondence with the persons guilts of the several illegal practices herein before mentioned, and give tnem notice when any writ or procefs iffues against them, whereby they efcape from juftice \ for remedy thereof, be it

further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after shcr^ may* the faid twenty fourth day of Juner one thousand seven hun-®"^^®11 dred and thirty fix, where any writ of Capias, or other procefs, writing of a shall iflue out of any court, directed to any (heriff, mayor, known folici-bailiff, or other person having the execution of procefs in any g* for the cu-county, city or liberty, against any person who shall be guilty ci?rto arault of, or profecuted for, any offence whatsoever contrary to anv fpedial -of the laws or ftatutes now in being relating to his Majesty^s rants for ap. hid revenues of customs or excife, every such (heriff, mayor or prebending bailiff, and other persons having execution of procefs as afore- offcn<krt* (aid, and their and every of their under-fheriffs, deputies, and other persons adring for them in the faid office and offices rc-fpedtively, (hall, and are hereby enjoined and required, upon the requeft or application of any one of the known folicitors for the customs or excife (fuch requeft to be in writing indorfed upon the back of the faid procefs, and figned by such folicitor with his name and addition of folicitor for the customs or excifey as the cafe shall happen to be) to grant a fpecial warrant or warrants to. such person or persons as shall be named to them by such folicitor, for the apprehending such offender and offenders, or in default thereof, every such (neriff, mayor, bailiff, under-(heriff, and other person adling in the faid office or offices re-fpedrively, shall be fubjedt and liable to such procefs of contempt, fines, amerciaments, penalties, and forfeitures, as they or any of them are now by any law, cuftom or ufage liable to in cafe of refuting or negledting to execute the like procefs, where the defendant might have been taken thereupon, in the common and ufual method of proceeding.

XXXIII.	And it is hereby declared and enadled, That all Sheriffs,* mty-and every such (heriff, mayor, bailiff, under-(heriff, and other on, &c. grant-perfon fo granting or making out such fpecial warrant as afore- l1}& fachfpe-(aid, shall be and they are hereby faved harmlefs and indemni- favcrh^mlefs fied against his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and against all from efcapes. and every other person and persons whomfoever, of and from

all efcapes of any person or persons who shall or may be taken by virtue of any such warrant as aforefajd, which shall or may happen from the time of the taking such offender or offenders,

2	till

So

In trial* of friannes, judg* eg to proceed to the merit* of the caufe, without inquiring into the fact or form of making the feizure.

Officers and their affiftants ^ may oppofe force to force.

Aihjo none Gs$S)GU W* & 35-	&736-

till -he^ fee or they shall f>e committed to the proper gaol or prison, or offered and tendered to the gaol keeper of other person having charge of such gaol or prison (who is hereby enjoined and requira to receive every fech person or persons fo apprehended as aforesaid, and give a receipt for his aqd their body and bodies) and of and from all r^ifops, profecutions, brocefs of contempt, and other proceedings whatsoever, for pr by reason of any such efcape ; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding

XXXIV.	And whereas by the present practice of the court ^Exchequer , and elfewhere, it is become necejfary for all officers of tqe cujims and excife, and other officers cf the revenue^ upon the trial of any information of feizure, to give proof of the exqil method and manner of making the feizure, with an account of the form qf wards ufed ors thqt occafion, notwithstanding the defendant in such caufe doer, on the claiming of such goods, acknowledge that a feizure qf them hath been made, whereby there often happens a failure of juft ice, and bjs Majesty, and the officer making the feizure, and projecting the faufe, are frequently defeated of their right, without entring info the merits of the caufe ; for remedy thereof be it furthfr enacted by the authority aforesaid,. That on all rivals of feizures whatsoever in the court of Exchequer, or elfewhere, the feizure, together with the method and form of making it, shall be takqn to have been made by the person or persons who shall inform apd fue for the fame, and to be done in the manner as fet forth in the infom^a-tion, without any evidence thereof f and all judges,and ju-ftices of the peace, before whom any such feizures shall he brought to trial or hearing, are hereby required to proceed io thp trial of the merits of the caufe, without inquiring into the fadt, form, or manner of making the feizure.

XXXV.	And Ivhereas it frequently happens that several evil minded and cLfperate terfons, in order to carry on without contrail the wicked practices aforesaid, do in a publicl and avowed manner, and with an armed force, pafs and repafs through several countries with large quantities of tea, brandy, and other prohibited and uu-cuftomed goods, whereby the officers of his Majesty's cujlms and excife are either deterred from doing their duty, or in doing it are beat, wounded, maimed, and frequently murdered; for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person -or persons pa (Ting as aforesaid with prohibited or uncustomed goods, and armed with guns, piftols, cutlaffes, or other offenfive weapons, shall hinder, moleft, or refill, any officer or officers of the customs or excife, who in the execution of his or their duty shall endeavour or offer to fearch for, take, or feize, apy prohibited or uncuftomed goods from any person or persons io paffing with such goods, and armed as aforesaid, by beating, maimmg, or wounding any of the officers above mentioned, or other persons adting in their affiftance, that then and in every such cafe it shall and may be lawful for all officers of his  Majesty’s customs or excife, and all persons by them called to their affiftance, who are, fo refilled, to oppole force to force,

and



*73^0 Anno nono GeoRGH II. c. 3*1	ft

and to endeavour by the fame methods that are violently ufed again ft them, and by which their lives are endangered, to defend themfelves, and execute the duty of their office 5 and if and whencar-any person fo hindring, molefting, or refilling the officers afore- ^ore a faid or their affiftants, shall in fo doing be wounded, maimed, Ending or or killed, and the faid officers and their affiftants shall be fued, killing any molefted, or profecuted fonhe faid beating, maiming, or kill- person in such ing; such officer and officers, and person and persons ailing in c®fes.» their aliiftance, shall and may plead the general iffue, and give	l°

this a<Sk and the fpecial matter thereof in evidence in his and their defence j and all his  Majesty’s juftices of the peace, and other juftices and persons before whom any such officer or officers or other persons ailing in their affiftance shall or may be brought for or on account of any such wounding, maiming, or killing, as aforesaid, are hereby authorized and impowered, enjoined and required, to admit every such person and persons fo brought before him or them as aforesaid to bail; any law, ufage, or cuftora, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI.	Provided always. That nothing in this ail contain- This aft not ed shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to indemnify, re- t0 indemnify leafe, or difcharge any person or persons from or against any profited by fuit, information, or profecution, by or on the behalf of the the Eaft India united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft company. Indits, commenced or to be commenced, as well for his Ma-

jefty, his heirs or successors, as for themfelves, or for themselves only, or from or against any penalty, forfeiture, or demand, or right of fuit for the fame, which the faid united company are by law intitled unto; any thing in this ail contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, That if any ailion or fuit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in purfuance of this ail, the defendant or defendants in such ailion of fuit may plead

the general iflue, and give this ail and the fpecial matter in General evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by authority of this ail; and if it shall appear fo to have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonr fuited, or dilcontinue his ailion, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgment shall be given upon any verdiil or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble cofts, and have theTreWe co“l* like remedy for the fame as defendants have in other cafes by law.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, That nothing in this ad 'con- King's^nch, tained shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to reftrain his or jufticiary in  Majesty’s court of King’s Bench, or any of the judges thereof, or Scotland, not the court of jufticiary in Scotland, refpeeftively, from bailing any reftrainrd person committed for felony by virtue of this a«ft, in such p^^com-manner as they may by law do in other cafes of felony. mitted on

Voi. XVII.	G	CAP.	this aft.

Anno nono Georgii II. c. 36.

[17^.

CAP. XXXVI.

An all to reftrain the difpofition of lands, whereby the fame become unalienable.

Preamble.	TX7 H E R E A S	alienations oflands, tenements or hereditaments in Mortmain, prohibited or refrained by Magna Charta, W	wholjome lawsy as prejudicial to and againjl tin

common utility \ nevertheless tins publick mtfehief has of late greatly increafedby many large and improvident alienations or difpofitions made by languijhing or dying persons, or by other persons, to ufes called Charitable ufes, to take place after their deaths, to^ the dijherifm of their lawful heirs \ for remedy whereof be it enacted by tbe King's mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. After 14June, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, which shall 1736, no ma- be jn t}ie y^j. 0f our Lc-d one thousand seven hundred and &c?nor mo8- thirty fix, no manors, lands, tenements, rents, advowfons, or ney to be laid other hereditaments, corporeal or incorporeal, whatsoever, nor out in lands, any fum or fums of money, goods, chattels, docks in the puk-to be given for furKjSt fecurities for money, or any other perfonal edate ufe*^ C whatsoever, to be laid out or difpofed of in the purchafe of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be given, granted, aliened, limited, releafed, transferred, affigned, or appointed, or any ways conveyed or fettled to or upon any person or per-fons, bodies politick or corporate, or otherwise, for any estate or intered whatsoever, or any ways charged or incumbered by any person or persons whatfoev.er, in trud, or for the benefit indented and any c^ar*ta^e u^es whatsoever; urdefs fuCh gift, conveyance, extfcuted be- appointment, or fettlement of any such lands, tenements, or foret witnefles hereditaments, fum or fums of money, or perfonal edate (other r» months be- than docks in the publick funds) be and be made by deed in-S^he^donor11 ^entec^> fealed and delivered in the prefence of two or more cre-and inroHcd^ dible witnefles twelve calendar months at fead before the death &c%	9	of such donor or grantor (including the days of the execution

and death) and be inrolled ia his Majesty's high court of Chancery, within fix calendar months next after the execution thereof ; and unlefsSuch docks be transferred in the pubjick books ufually kept for the transfer of docks fix calendar months at lead before the death of such donor or grantor, (including the days of the transfer and death) and unless the fame be made to take effedf in pofleffion for the charitable ufe intended, immediately from the making thereof, and be without any power of revocation, refervation, trud, condition, limitation, ejaufe, or agreement whatsoever, for the benefit of the donor or grantor, or of any person or persons claiming under him.

The faid limi- H, Provided always. That nothing herein before mentioned tations not to ra]atir»g to the fealing and delivering of any deed or deeds twelve chafe or tranf" calendar months «t lead before the death of the grantor, or to fers mad* for the transfer of any dock fix calendar months before the death

of

1736.] Anno aono Georgii II. C.3&	$3

of the grantor or person making such transfer, shall extend, or valuable con-be conftrued to extend, to any purchafc of any estate or inteteft “derations, m lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any transfer of any ftock, to be made really and bona fide for a full and valuable confideration actually paid at or before the making such conveyance or transfer without fraud or collufion.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That Gifts, &c.

all gifts, grants, conveyances, appointments, affurances, tranf- ma^e after fers, and fettlements whatsoever, of any lands, tenements, or ofherwlfe\han other hereditaments, or of any estate or interest therein, or of directed by any charge or incumbrance affecting or to affeft any lands, re- this a&, to be nements, or hereditaments, o * of any ftock, money, goods,	*

chattels, or other perfonal eftate, or fecurities for money to be s°r wt\Ram laid out or difpofed of in the purchafe of any lands, tenements, AJbbumbam or hereditaments, or of any estate or interest therein, or of any et a!.<v. Brad-charge or incumbrance affe&ing or to affeft the fame, to or in	al'\

truft for any charitable ufes whatsoever, which shall at any time, tbe \Ug?s at from and after the faid twenty fourth day of Juney one thousand Serjeant's Inn. fcven hundred and thirty fix, be made in any other manner or Soresbeiy, *u. form than,by this a<5t is directed and appointed, shall be ab- ¥olfj*SS9 iblutely, and to all intents and purposes, null and void.	m cbanJ^°*

IV.	Provided always. That this a A shall not extend, or be Tbe attorney-conftrued to extend, to make void the difpofitions of any lands, general tenements, or hereditaments, or of any perfonal estate to be Gfwwi, »i laid out in the purchafe of any lands, tenements, or heredita- ov* 17529 menu, which shall be made in any other manner or form

than by this act is dire&ed, to or in truft for either of the two □dicc^the^6-nniverfities within that part of Great Britain called England, or univerfities*or wy of the colleges or houfes of learning within either of the the colleges of faid univerfities, or to or in truft for the colleges of Eton, Win- Eton, Win-tbejler, or Wejlminjler, or any or either of them, for the better weftranfter support and maintenance of the fcholars only upon the foundations of the faid colleges of Eton, Winchefier, and Wejlminfter.

V.	Provided nevertheless, and be it enadled by the authority No college to aforesaid. That no such college or houfe of learning, which

doth or shall hold or enjoy fo many advowfons of eccle- beVqual fiaftkal benefices as are or shall be equal in number to one to t moiety of moiety of the fellows or persons ufually ftiled or reputed asfel- their fellows, lows, or, where there are or shall be no fellows or persons ufually ftiled or reputed as fellows, to one moiety of the ftudents upon the foundation, whereof any such college or houfe of learning doth or may by the present conftitution of such college or houfe of learning confift, shall from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, be capable of purchafing acquiring, receiving, taking, holding or enjoying any other advowfons of ecclefiaftical benefices by any means whatsoever; the advowfons of such ecclefiaftical benefices as are annexed to, or given for the benefit or better support of, the headfhips of any of the faid colleges or houfes of learning, not being computed in the number of advowfons hereby limited.

, Q~Z	VI. PrO-

84-	Anno nono Georgii IJ. c. $7.	[1736*

This aftnot VI. Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained ettatesta l°	extcnd	or	be	conftrued to extend to the difpofitron, grant,

Scotland.	Settlement	of	any	eftate, real or perfonal, lying or being with-

in that part of Great Britain called Scotland*

CAP. XXXVII.

 An act for further encouraging and regulating the manufacture of British fail cloth, and for the more effeftual fecuring the duties now payable on foreign fail cloth imported into this kingdom.

Preamble. WHEREAS the making offail cloth in Great Britain hath VV been found of great ufe and benefit to this nation, by having ' given a comfortable Jupport and maintenance to many of bis Majefiy's fubjefts employed in the manufacturing thereof ; and there is reajon to believe, that if the duties payable on foreign made fail cloth imported into this kingdom were more effectually fccured and enforced, and et further encouragement given to the making of fail cloth therein, this manufacture would be greatly improved, and many more of bis Ma-jefty’s fubjefts comfortably fupported and maintained by the fame ; therefore may it pleafe your Majesty that it may be enafted, and be it enacted by the King’s molt excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the au-* thority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day AfterHjuHe, Gf June, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred reign made" an<* thirty fix, all foreign made fail cloth or canvas ufually en-fail cloth iin- tered as hollands duck, or vitry canvas, which shall be fit and portedlasmer- proper to be made ufe of for the making of fails for navigating chandize, to (hips an<j veflels, and which shall be imported into Great Britain theportofat by way merchandize, and for which any duties have been ™ granted, or are made payable, or which ought to be paid to his Majesty, shall be ftamped at the time of landing thereof at or in the port or place where the fame shall be imported or landed, as hereafter mentioned.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commiffioners of the customs in Great Britain (hall, on or before the faid twenty fourth day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, provide or caufe to be provided such or fo many (lamps, with which all the faid imported foreign made fail doth or canvas, upon or after the duty paid, shall be ftamped ; and shall for that purpose caufe such refpeftive (lamps to be diftributed to the refpeftive proper officers of the customs of all and every the port and ports where such foreign made fail cloth or canvas shall be imported or landed; which faid officers are hereby enjoined and required to (lamp every such piece and parcel of foreign made fail cloth or canvas, which faid (lamp shall exprefs or denote the place or country from whence the faid foreign made cloth or canvas was imported; and the faid com-miflioners in providing the faid (lamps for the purposes aforc-(aid shall take care that they be fo contrived, that the impref-

fioa

landing.

Commiffioners of the customs to provide the stamps.

1736.] Anno nono Georgii II. c.37.

fion thereof may be durable, and fo as the fame may be the leait liable to be forged or counterfeited; and that: the faid (lamps shall of may be altered or renewed from time to time as his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors shall think fit; and if any person or persons whatfoevar shall at any time or times from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand fe- 50I. penalty ven hundred and thirty fix, counterfeit or forge any (lamp on counter-which shall be provided or made in purfuance of this aft for the purposes afore laid, or shall counterfeit or refemble the im- amp,> prefiion of the fame upon any of the faid foreign made fail cloth or canvas chargeable with any duty by virtue of any aft or afts of parliament made on that behalf, thereby to defraud his Ma-jelly, his heirs or fuccefiors, of any of the faid duties thereby granted; then every such person fo offending, and duly convift-cd thereof, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and if any person or persons shall at any time or times after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, or felling with fell or expofe to fale any such foreign made fail cloth or canvas a counterfeit with a counterfeit damp thereon, knowing the fame to be coun- ftamP* terfeit, and with an intent to defraud his Maiefty,,his heirs and fiiccefiors, all and every such offender and offenders, being duly convifted thereof as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

III.	And, for the better afeertaining and diftinguiftiing the fail Cloth of the British manufacture from such foreign fail cloth as aforesaid, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every manufafturer or maker of fail cloth in Great Britain (hall, from a9J*eP* and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven of BntiOi fail hundred and thirty fix, affix or imprefs, or caufe to be affixed cloth to ftamp or imprefied, on every piece of fail cloth by him manufactured their names or made, a damp containing the name and place of abode of aP^JPlaccs such manufafturer qr maker, in plain diftinft letters and words * CV^T at length * and if any manufafturer or maker of fail doth or 7	1

other person shall fell or expofe to fale, or work up into fails, any piece or bolt of British fail cloth without being (lamped as aforesaid, such manufafturer or maker or other person fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convifted upQn the oath of one or more credible witness or witneffes, before any one or more juftice or juftices qf the peace for the county, city, or town, where the faid oflence shall be committed (which oath the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered and required to ^ p/JJ.a^h adminifter) shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds for each and piCce# every piece of fail cloth by him or them fold or expofed to fale, 51. penalty on or worked up into fails, not being (lamped as aforesaid; and if wilfully obli-any person or perfofis whatsoever shall wilfully or mallcioufly cut off, deftroy, or obliterate any ftamp fo affixed or imprefied or affixing anas aforesaid (except in the tarring or working up of the fame) other perfon’t or shall affix or imprefs any ftamp, on which shall be (lamped.ftamp* the name or place of abode of any other person or persons, and not his or their real name or names and place or places of abode 1 such person or persons being convifted of any of the

G 3	offences





fiS	Anno nono Gf.orgii II. c. 37.	[1736.

offences aforesaid shall for every (uch offence forfeit the sum of five pounds ; which faid laft mentioned forfeiture shall be levied and recovered by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant or warrants under the hands and feals of two or more juftices of the peace of the county, riding, city, or * place, where the offence shall be committed, and (ball go and be applied to the ufe of the informer or informers.

50I. Penalty IV. And for the better encouraging the ufe and confumption on every (hip of the faid manufacture of British fail cloth, be it enadfced by built in Great the authority aforesaid. That from and after the faid twenty Britflh plan- n^nt^ day °f September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty tations m fix, every fhip or veffel which shall be built in Great Britain, America, not and from and after the twenty fifth day of December, one thou-h^Tr^nd seven hundred and thirty fix, 'every (hip or veffel which fails of Britilh	built *n anY b‘s MaJe(ty’s plantations in jhnerica>

jail cloth. shall upon her first felting out or being first navigated at fea have or be furnifhed' with one full and compleat fet of fails made up of fail cloth manufactured in Great Britain; and in cafe fuch

sol. penalty on working up foreii

(hip or veffel shall not on her first fetting out be fitted and furnifhed as aforesaid, that then and for every such negleft or default the matter of such (hip or veffel shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

V.	And it is hereby enadled by the authority aforesaid, That up toreign from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thou-made fail cloth fand seven hundred and thirty fix, no fail maker or other person not (tamped. jn this kingdom shall make or work up into fails or tarpawlins

any foreign made fail cloth or canvas, which shall be imported after the laid twenty fourth day of June, not (lamped according to the directions of this adt; and in cafe any fail maker or any other person shall make or work up into fails or tarpawlins any foreign made fail cloth or canyas, other than as aforesaid, such fails and tarpawlins shall be forfeited, and such fail maker or such other person shall likewise forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

VI.	And be it enadled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty (ix, all fail cloth which (lull be made in Great Britain, shall be made and manufadtured in the manner and according to the diredtions herein after mentioned; that is to fay, every piece or bolt of British fail cloth that shall be twenty four inches m breadth and thirty eight yards in length, shall refpedtively weigh according to the refpeaive numbers and weights hereafter (mentioned; that is to fay.

The dimen-dons and weight of British made fail cloth, after 19 Sept. 1736.

Number



«73^1

Number

Anoo nono Georgii II. c. 3?.

1

2

3

+

1

2

9

10

—	44'

—	4i

—	38

—	35

“ 32

—	29

—	24

—	21

—	18 ~ 15.

►Pounds each bolt.

87

VII. And in cafe any piece or bolt of any or either of such refpedlive numbers, kinds, or forts of British fail cloth, shall be made of a different breadth or length than before mentioned; such piece or bolt of British fail cloth shall be increafed or diminilhed in weight in proportion to the difference in such length or breadth as aforesaid, and shall be marked or (lamped with such refpedlive number as ihall be agreeable to the weight thereof ; and the wharp or chain of each and every piece or boh of the first fix numbers of such British fail cloth; that is to fay, from number 1. to number 6. inclufive, shall be wholly wrought and made of double yam, and shall contain in every piece or bolt of such fail cloth, that shall be twenty four inches in breadth, at ieaft five hundred and sixty doubllwhreads of yarn, and in every piece or bolt of such fail cloth that shall be thirty inches in breadth at lead seven hundred double threads of yam ; and in every piece or bolt of such fail cloth that shall be of any other breadths than as aforesaid, a certain number of quantity of double threads of yarn in proportion to the number of doqble threads of yarn expreffed to be contained in the breadth as aforesaid; and the wharp and (hoot yarn which (halt be wrought in every piece or bolt or the first four numbers of such fail cloth; that is to fay, from number i. to number 4. inclufive, (Kail be made of long flax, without any mixture of (hort or barr flax, or of lone flax, or Italian hemp or Braack hemp; and all the flax and hemp that shall be ufed in making the wharp and (hoot yam of such fail cloth of the aforesaid four numbers, shall be of a ftrong ftaple, fre(h, found, and good in its kind, and well dreffed; and the faid yam (hall.be well cleanfed, even fpun, and well twifted; and all the (hoot yam of each piece or bolt of such (ail cloth of the aforesaid four numbers shall be full as ftrong as the wharp yarn, and clofe (truck with four (hoots of treble threads at the diftance of every two feet, or thereabouts ; and both the wharp and (hoot yam shall be as ftrong as the wharp and (hoot yarn that are ufuaily wrought in the fan cloth of thofe four numbers that are made for and ufed in his  Majesty’s navy; and no flax yarn ufed or wrought in anv British . fail cloth shall be whitened with lime, on forfeiture of Ux pence per yard for every yard of British fail cloth that (hall, from and whitening after the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven flax yarn for hundred and thirtvdbc, be fo whitened with lime as aforesaid, or f?11cloth with

.	G+	V—

 UooQle

This adt, or an abftradt of it, to be put up in (hops and ware-houfes,

on penalty of 4.0s.

Penalties how to be recovered and diftri-buted,

Continuance. Fartbir continued by 24.

Geo. 4. £• 5»*

Anno nono Georgii II, c. 38.	[1736.

be made/ fold, or worked up into new fails in Great Britain, any ways effentially different, lighter, or inferior in ftrength or goodnefs to any of the aforesaid diredtions or reftridtions.

VIII.	And for the better obfervance of this adt, and the fe-vcral matters and things herein before directed and required by all persons concerned in the faid Britifb manufacture of fail cloth, it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every fail maker in this kingdom, and all and every other per-fon or persons who shall make or work up fail cloth into fails or tarpawlins, shall caufe this ^dt, or an abftradt thereof, to be put up or affixed, and there to continue from time to time fo put up and affixed, in fome publick part or place of the loft, (hop, warehoufe, or^workhoufe where his faid trade is carried on, or his workmen employed, under the penalty of forty (hillings.

IX.	And it is hereby further enacted bv the authority aforesaid, That the several penalties and forfeitures herein before enacted and impofed on persons offending contrary to this adk (not otherwise diredted and applied) shall and may be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record in Great Britain, or in such of his  Majesty’s plantations wherein such offence shall be committed ; in which foit no elfoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; which faid forfeitures shall be applied, one moiety thereof his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors, and the other moiety thereof to the person who shall file for the fame.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That this adt shall continue and be in force for the term of five years, to commence from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and no longer.

£ AP. XXXVIII.

 An act to explain and amend fo much of an act made in the fecond year of his present Majesty's reign* intituled,  An act for the more effedtual preventing bribery and corruption in the eledlions of members to serve in parliament, as relates to the commencing and carrying on of pro-fecfttions grounded upon the faid aft.

Preamble, re- tl THERE AS by an aft of parliament made in the fecond year fiting the adt VV of the reign of his present Majesty* intituled* An adt for the a.c.o*. more effe£Hial preventing bribery and corruption in the elections of members to serve in parliament, it ts enaftei* That no person ftall be made liable to any incapacity* difability* forfeiture* or penalty by the faid aft laid or impofed, unless profecution be commenced within two years after such incapacity* difability* forfeiture* or penalty Jball be incurred, or in cafe of a profecution the fame be carried on without wilful delay: and whereas profecutions may have been or may be commenced against persons offending againjl the faid aft* by firing out Original or other writs or procejfes against such persons fo offending

•	within

 t^oosle

Anno nemo Georgii II. c.39;	$9

within two years after the incurring any incapacity, difability^ forfeiture^ or penalty laid or impofed by the faid aft, and persons Jo fling out such original or other writs or proceffes may have delayed, or may delay, to serve the fame, without giving the persons against whom Jiuh original or other writs or proceffefmay have been or may be fued out, any notice thereof by reason of which practice the J'aid provifton for limiting the time for the projecution of persons offending against the fold aft is or may be evaded*, now for explaining and amending the faid provifion, be it ena&ed by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That no No person lia-perfon shall be made liable to any incapacity, dilability, forfei- na1ty°by tlie * ture, or penalty by the faid aft laid or impofed,/unlefs luch per- faid aft, un-fon has been or shall be a&ually and legally arrefted, fummon- lefs person ally ed, or otherwise ferved with any such original or other writ or fcrved with procefs within the space of two years after any offence against the faid aft has been or shall be committed, fo as the  service oftertZefedL " any such original or other writ or procefs hath not been or shall not be prevented by such person abfeonding, or withdrawing out of this kingdom,

CAP. XXXIX.

 An act for making more effeftua) two afta of parliament, one of the tenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the Seventh year cf the reign of hi? late Majesty King George the firft, for repairing the road from Highgate Gate-houfe in the county of Middlesex, to Barnet Block-home in the county of Hertford; and the road from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the Angef in Endfield Chace $ and for amending Cane-wood lane, leading from Highgate to Hampftead in the (kid county of Middlesex.

*	The	tolls	are	further continued for as years.

Anno decimo GEORGII II. Regis.

AT	the parliament	begun and at Westminster,

the fourteenth day of January, Anno Dom. 1734, in the eighth year of the reign of our fovereign lord GEORGE the	Second, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France,

and Ireland, King, defender of the , &c. And'from thence continued by several prorogations to the first day of February, 1736	(&). Being the third session of this present

parliament.

(a) In recordo, tent primo die Fcbr.onnoreg-m, &c.decimo; continual, ufipee ad et in Jovis oftanmm diem Decerabris, anno, icc. 04* decimo.

cap.

 LnOOQie

90

Anno derimo Georgii II» c. 1,-4.'	[1737.

CAP. I.

An id for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England $ and for granting to bis Majelty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Gfeat Britain called Scotland; for the Service of tne year one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven. EXP.

CAP. II.

An a& for punishing mutiny and desertion $ and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. EXP.

cap. m.

An lift for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be railed in Great Britain, for the  service of the year one thoufiuid feren hundred and thirty (even. E X P. as. in the pound.

CAP. IV.

 An act for continuing an aft paffedin the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the firft, intituled, An a£t tor laying a duty of two pennies Scots or one fixth part of a penny Sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer that lhall be vended or fold within the town ®f Dunbar, for improving and preferring the harbour, and repairing the town houfe, and building a fchool, and other publick buildings there, and for fupplying the faid town with frelh water.

WHERE AS by an a ft paffed in the fifth year of the reign of bis late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An ad ^Geo^xf lCt ^or layinS a duty of two pennies Scots or one fixth part of a pen-c. 16.	*	ny	Sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended

or fold within the town of Dunbar, for improving and preferv-ing the harbour, and repairing the town houfe, and building a fchool, and other publick buildings there, and for fupplying the faid town with firefti water $ it ipas enacted, That from and after the first day of June, one thoufani seven hundred and nineteen, for tho term of nineteen years, and to the end of the then next fejfum of parliament, there Jhould be laid an impofttion or a duty of two penny Scots or one fixth part of a penny Sterling, over and above the duty of excife paid or payable to his then Majesty, his heirs andfuccejfors, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer that Jhould be for /tile, either brewed, brought in, vended, tapt, or fold within the [aid town, and privileges thereof; and that the faid impofttion or duty Jhould be paid and made payable by the brewers, vintners, fellers, and tapfiers of the faid ale and beer, for and during the term afore faid, to the magijtrates and town council, and their fuccejfors in office for the time being, and , their affigtis or collectors, for the ufes and purposes mentioned in the faid aCt: And whereas the faid impofttion or duty has been of very great v fe to the faid town, by enabling them to carry on many and confidera-ble publick works, for which the annual revenue of the faid town was ftet fiufficient: and whereas the money arifingfrom the impofttion or du~ ty Jo laid and granted by the faid eft^ was intended to be laid out to

defray

1737*1 Anno decimo Geougii II. c. 5,-6.	gt

defray the expence of digging up part of the rock at the bottom, of the harbour, and in carrying out the great pier to the rock called the Beacon Rock, and in cutting the Jlope of the ifland down to a perpendicular, in order to make and ren-er the entry into the faid harbour mere fafe and fecure, and in fupplying the town with frefh water ; tut neither of the faid works are yet fo much as begun, and the revenue of the faid town, and also the faid duty granted by the faid aft* ore very much incumbered and burthened by the works already done, infomuch that in the year one thoufandfeven hundred and thirty four, the debts of the faid town amounted to fix hundred pounds Sterling, or thereabouts ; and the faid recited aft expiring in the-year one thousand j(wen hundred and thirty eight, the refpeftive works directed to be dene by the faid aft for the feruice of the faid town, andfor the pub-lid good, mujl remain unfinijhed, and what has already been done will fion go to decay, unless the term and powers granted and given by the faidformer aft be inlarged, &c.

The duty is further continued fdr 25 years

CAP. V.

 An act for enlacing the term granted by an aft patted in the Twelfth I} Geo. x. year of the reign of bis late Majesty King George the First, intituled, c# ,^ an ait for repairing frveral roads therein mentioned, leading into the city of Worcester ; and tor repairing several other roads lging contiguous to the fame \ and for reducing the toll or duties granted on flieep and lambs by the faid aft.

tolls are farther continued for 21 years, and to the end of the next fejfion of , parliament.

CAP. VI.

fyt aft for the better repairing and paving the highways9 fireets, and watercourfes within the city of New Sarum» and for enlightning the fireets, lanes, and pajfages, and better regulating the nightly watch within the faid city.

WHEREAS the city of'Stmt Sarum in the county of Wilts, is a city of confiderable trade in the woollen manufacture, and is ixry populous, wherein several fairs, and the affixes for the faid county, are kept and held yearly, and through which the main Werfenfr rood from the city of London to Exeter, Cornwall, and the towns end places adjacent, direftly leads, which, together with the pleafant Jituation of the place and country thereabout, occafeons great numbers of gentry and other persons to refort to, and reftde in the faid city : and whereas the fireets, highways, bridges, ana watercourfes, within the faid city, are fo very much out of repair, that the inhabitants thereof cannot by the laws now in being (for the repairing the highways) raife money fufficient for amending the fame ; nor can the faid laws be put in execution without great hardjhtps to the poorer fort of inhabitants there : and whereas the cleanfing the fireets and water-tourfes, the enlightening the fireets, and keeping a ftrong and weU regulated watch in the night-time, within the faid city, will be of great importance, and tend to the preservation of the persons and properties of the inhabitants thereof, and other per font ref or ting thereto;

Ipw





Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 7.	[1737-

ncNtr to the end that provifion may be made to anfwer the good purposes aforesaid, may it' plcafe your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enabled,	&c.

Truftees to be chofen. Watchmen, lamplighter, and fcavenger appointed. Inhabitants to clean before their houfes twice a week $ and to throw no filth into the ftreets, &c. on forfeiture of iz. Truftees to have the ordering of lamps, and watchmen. Copy of orders to be delivered to the fub-conftables. Money lent for carrying on the works to be repaid out of the rates. Collectors to give an account upon oath of the monies received, and pay it unto persons appointed, otherwise to be imprifoned. The mayor to have the property of the lamps. Inhabitants not rated, to do t days work, or forfeit iz. 6d. per day. Truftees to appoint a clerk who (s to fummon the truftees. Payers of the rates not liable to watch. This aft not to affeft the biihop of Salisbury, nor to affeft any hamlet or tything oat of the city.

CAR VII.

An d£t for continuing an ait pa fed in the third year of the reign of bis late Majesty King George the First, For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part or a penny fltrling, on every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended or fold within the town of Dumfreis, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the faid town, and for building a church, and making a harbour there ; and for laying a duty on the tonnage offhipping, and a duty on goods imported and exported into and out of the port of the faid town, for the better repairing of the faid harbour.

Preamble re- Wf HERE AS by an ait paffed in the third year <f the reign of citing the aft V V bis late Majesty King George the First, intituled,  An act for j Geo. i. c. 6. laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny fterting, upon every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended or fold within the town of Dumfreis, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the faid town, and for building a church, and making a harbour there, it was enafled, That from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred ana feventeen, for the term of nineteen years, and to the end of the then next feffton of parliament, there Jhould be laid an impofition or duty of two tennies Scots, or the fixth part of a penny fterling, over and above toe duty of excife paid or payable to his then Majesty, his heirs and fuccejfors, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer that Jhould be either brewedy brought in, or vended, tapt, or fold within the faid town, and privileges thereof; and that the faid duty Jhould be paid and made payable by the brewers, vintners, fellers, and tapfters of the faid ale and beer, for and during the time aforesaid to the magijtrates and town council of the faid town, and their fuccejfors in office for the time being, and their affigns and collectors, for the ufes mentioned in the faid*afl: and whereas the mogiftrates and town council of the faid town of Dumfreis did by virtue of the powers granted to them, borrow at interefl a conftderable sum of money, and have therewith built a commodious church for performing of divine Jeryice, and endowed the fame with a -	'	.	min-

 (^.ooQle

1737.] Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 8, 9.	93

maintenance fer a minifter: and whereas there remains unpaid a ton* fiderable part of the debts owing by the /aid town before the pajjtng of the /aid recitedad, which were thereby dire fled to be paid, befides #-tber large debts which have been contracted fince: and whereas the other revenues of the fend town have been of late much exhaufted in rebuilding part of their old church, the council boufe, and prtfon, all which were become ruinous, and the whole revenue of the faid town is not now fujftdent to pay the inter eft of the faid debts fo owing by the? find town, and to defray their other expences, which will be increafed by the unavoidable necejjity of rebuilding their pubUck fchool boufe, repairing their other decayed works, and improving the navigation of their river, now become fo dangerous that their trade of late years has greatly fuffered thereby: and forafmuch as the term granted by the faid recited aCl doth expire at the end of this present fefjion of parliament, fo that the refpeClive works directed to be done thereby for the  service of the faid town, and for the publick good, muft remain wifi-mfbed, and , what has been already done muft foon fall to decay, unless the term granted by the faid former aCl be continued, andfame further md be given to the faid burgh for cleanfing and repairing their harbour, icc.

The duty is further continued for years*

CAP. VIII.

An aS to make perpetual an ail made in the feventb year of the reign of bis present	Majefiy,	i, An afl: to pre-

vent the infamous praftice of ftock-jobbing.

WHEREAS an afl was faffed in tie seventh year frt- prMmKui re_ fent	Majefiy's	reign,	intituled, An a« to prevent the infa- citing the aft

mous practice of ftock-jobbing; which alt was to continue and be 7 Geo. a. c. s. in force from the firjt day of June one thousand /even hundred and thirty four 1 for the term of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffson of parliament, and no longer: and whereas the faid ait hath been found ufeful and beneficial, and will in a Jbort time expire, be it therefore enacted by the King’s tnoft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem-bled, ana by the authority of the fame. That the faid aft shall which it made be, and is hereby made perpetual.	perpetual.

CAP. IX.

An a8 for making navigable the river or brook, called Worfley brook, from Worfley in the town/hip of Worfley, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to the river Ifwell in the faid county.

WHEREAS the making and keeping the river or brook called preamble.

Worfley brook, in the county palatine o/Lancafter, navigable and paffable for boats, barges, lighters, and other from Worfley mill, in the faid county of Lancafter, to the river Irwell, in the faid county of jLancafter, will bo very beneficial to trade, air

vdnta-



Anno decimo GeoRgii II. c.to. *	1*737*

vantagem to the poor, and convenient for the carriage if reals, Jlone, timber, and other goods, wares, and merchandizes, to and from the fold places and farts adjacent, and will very much tend to the employ-ing and increaje of watermen and feamen, and be a means to preferve the highways; may it therefore pleaffe your mod excelitpt Ma-jefty that it may be ena&ed, £afr.

Undertakers appointed, with power of doing any thing neceflary for the purposes of this a&, at their own charge. Undertakers to make fatisfac-tion for damages. Flood-gates for oveiflowing of grounds to be made. Commiflioners appointed for determining differences. If persons decline loch determination, and do not agree with the undertakers, a jury is to be impanelled to alTefs damages, and the commiflioners to give judgment accordingly, which shall be final. Proceedings to be kept among the records of quarter ftflions of Lancafter. Duties to be paid to the undertakers for goods, not exceeding 9 d. per ton. Convehiencies of gates, Sec. belonging to occupiers of lands, be. to be preferred, at the undertakers charge. If the level of the water be railed, the banks mull be fb too, and kept in repair. Flood-gates to be made for the benefit of contiguous grounds. Tne brook declared navigable. Royalties not affe&ed by this a&. No duty payable for manure for grounds within 4 miles from the river. The brook not to be under the iurvey of any commiflion of fearers. Locks to be opened to pleafure boats, See. without any duty.

CAP. X.

Anattto impowerthe juflices of the peace for the county of Bucks, to raife money to difcharge the debts incurred an account of building a gaol and court rooms, and for fatijbing the fame for the ufe of the county.

XX^HERE AS for want of a convenient common gaol for the * * county of Bucks (which is large and populous) a houfe in the town of Aylcfoury, being a market town andfituate near the middle of the faid county, was for many years rented and ufed for that furpofe, and the fame becoming inefficient for the fafe keeping of prisoners, the grand jury at the affixes held for thejatd county presented the fame ; whereupon the jujliccs of the peace ajfembled at their general quarter feffitons agreed and ordered, that a public county gaol Jhould be built at Aylefbury aforesaid, and that the faid boufe fo rented and ufed, with the ground and foil thereto belonging, Jhould be purebafed (being mojl commodioujly and conveniently fituated for that furpofe) and that a gaol and court rooms or Jhire hall for the public  service of the faid county Jhould be thereon erefted, which faid houfe, ground, and foil have been purebafed accordingly, and the freehold and inheritance thereof has been conveyed to trufiees for the uje of the fend county, and in order for raiftng money to pay for the Jaii pur chafe, end also for defraying the neceffiary charges of fifth buildings for the purposes aforesaid, fever al ajfcjfments were made by the faid juflices at their quarter feffitons, to be raised and paid by the faid county, and a very eonfiderable progrefs hath been made in Juch buildings, but the fame not having been perfected andfinijhed, the faid buildings have not only thereby fujlaincd great damage, but the greatejl part thereof remains unserviceable : and whereas several fums of money are jujtly due Co several workmen, poor labourers, and others who were employed in end furn\Jbed materials for the faid buildings, for want of which mo-

ney

 "

1737*3 Annodedmo GeqRGII II. C.io,—14.	95

nty	they and their families are math impaoerijhed; and a furtherJum

is alfo	wanting, and neeeffary to	finijb and compleat the faid buildings

for tbeuft and accommodation of the faid	co, all which monies can-

not be raided without the afMance of parliament j be it therefore cnaded, &c.

Justices of peace, after 24. June, 1737, to make a genera! afteflment in Cm. Bucks, not exceeding 4V. in the pound, to be colledted by the con-ftables. The ground and building* thereon the property of the countr. ctHces to contradt with builders, &c. Surplus to be paid into the pubic flock. Town of Buckingham exempted from the rates, Pcrfons ^grieved are to appeal to the juftices.

CAP. XI.

adt for making more effedtual two adft of parliament, one of the fixth year of the reign of her late majcfty Queen Anne, and the other of the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the highways from Old Stratford in the county of Northampton to Duncburcb in the county of Warwick.

Tbe tolls are farther continued for 21 Tears. 13 Geo. 2 c. 5.

CAP. XII.

An adt for repairing the road from Hertford Bridge Hill, to the town of Bafingftoke, and also the road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid, to the town of Odiham in the county of Southampton.

Certain tolls are granted for %i years, from 1 June, 1737. Continued by 21 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. XIII.

An adt for indemnifying perfon* who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices, or to take the oaths required within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for thofe purpofes. EXP.

CAP. XIV.

 An act for coliefting at the port of Leghorn certain fmaH fums of money> to which the merchants trading there have ufualfy contributed, for the relief of Jhipwreckcd mariners, captives, and other dijlrejfed persons, his majejlfs fubjefts, and for other charitable and publick ufes.

WHERE AS /V was ufual for the conful appointed for bis Ma- _	M

jejlfs fubjefts trading to Leghorn, with the majority of British merchants and faftors reftding there, to receive* certain fmall Jims, not exceeding one livre per ton on all tonnage goods, and one third of a livre per bale or parcel on all bale goods, imported in Bri-ti(h fbips or vejjels; which fums were received by persons annually chafe as treafurers for that purpofe, and applied for the reliefof ma-finers Jbipwrecked and taken in war, ana other dijlrejfed per Jons his Majejlfs fubjefts, and to such other charitable and publick ufes, as were direfted by the faid conful, with the majority of the faid merchants and faftors : and whereas notwithjlanding the benefit and ufe-fulnefs of this dejign had been experienced, yet the payment of the faid tufiomary fums hath of late years not been complied with, there being n$ authority to infarce such compliance; by reajon whereof several of bis majefifs fubjefts in difirefs have been reduced to great extremities fear want of the ajjifiance which they otherwise would have received,

,	bad





9$	Annodcdmo Georgii II. c. 14.	[1737*

bad fitch contribution been continued: therefore to promote such good intentions, ahd to continue the faid contributions for the lame ; may it pleafe your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted 5 and be it enaded by the King’s most excellent m»-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, that from and after the twenty ninth day of September, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven, it shall b*. lawful to and for such person or persons as shall be appointed bj^

• # the conful named for his  Majesty’s fubjeds trading to the faia Britifti orlrilh port 0f Leghorn) for the time being, together with the majority , toTcghornfto Brihlh merchants and fadors there, to receive and rcCo-» pay for goo’ds ver from all mafters or other chief officers and commanders of imported there all Britijh or Irijh (hips or veffels trading from Great Britain or one third of Ireland, or any other part of his  Majesty’s dominions, to the faid temor bale Port* any ^um or ^ums money* not exceeding one livre per to be fpecified ion on all tonnage goods imported into the faid port in such in bills of lad- (hips and veffels; and on all bale goods any fumor fums of mo-ing, and al- ney, not exceeding one third of a livre per bale or parcel ; and freighters or a** kills	°f	fuch	(hips	and	veffels,	(hall	fpecify	to	pay

receivers of the faid monies accordingly, under the denomination ot tontribu-the (aid goods. tion9 as by atft of parliament, or to that effedt; and the persons paying the fame shall be reimburfed by their refpedttve freighters, or by the persons to whom the faid goods and merchandizes shall be configned, or who shall receive the fame; and in cafe the matter or commander of such (hip or veffel shall negledl to fpecify the payment of the faid monies in the bill or bills of lading as aforesaid, he shall be anfwerable for the fame; and in cafe no bill of lading shall appear, or no tonnage be fettled between the owner or owners of the goods, and the matter or commander of any Britijh or Irijh (hip or veflel trading as aforesaid, then the tonnage of such goods or merchandize shall be valued by two indifferent Britijh merchants on the place, one to be ap-Goods to be pointed by the conful, and the other by the matter or commander* is no biller	^P8	or	vc^s>	within	ten	days	next after the unlad-

of lading. ^ ing of the faid goods ; and in cafe the two persons fo chofen shall not agree and award the fame in three days next after such appointment, such two persons shall their choofe a third person * being a Britijh merchant on the place, as an umpire, who shall decide and determine the faid valuation of tonnage in three days ; and such fums shall be paid in such cafe for the purposes aforesaid, as shall be agreeable to this a

II.	And be it ena<fted by the authority aforesaid, That all ma-A manifeft of fters, commanders, or other chief officers of all Britijh or Irijb every veffel’* (hips or veffels trading from Great Britain or Ireland, or any other part of his  Majesty’s dominions, to the port of Leghornt and unloading and delivering the (hip or veffel, or any part of the cargoe there, (hall, within ten days after the arrival of such (hip or veffel deliver to the conful refiding there, or to such other person or persons as shall be appointed for that pur-

pofc

cargo to be given upon Q^th.



1737.]	Anno decimo GeoRoii II. c. 14;	97

pofe by him, a true manifeft in writing upon oath, fpecifying the particulars of the whole cargo of such (hips or vefleis fo unloaded or ‘delivered, or such part thereof as shall be unloaded or delivered there, and to whom conligned ; which oath such conful, or other person or persons to be appointed by him, is and are hereby refpedtively impowered and required to admini-fter gratis.

III.	And for the bettpr colledting the faid money herein be- Veflebnot to -fore directed to be paid for the charitable and other publick be discharged ufes aforesaid, be it enacted, That the faid.conful, or other per-

fon or persons appointed by him, in the faid port of Leghorn,

(hall, and they are hereby refpedtively authorized and required to detain the clearances outward of all Britijh or Irijh (hips an<t. vefleis, and not give or deliver any difpatch or bill of health for any such (hip orveflel; until payment be made as aforesaid; and in cafe the matter or commander of such (hip or veflel, in order to avoid the payment of the faid monies, shall at any time think proper to depart without his faid clearances outward, then and in such cafe the conful (hall, upon the return of the faid matter or commander to any port of his  Majesty’s dominions, have a juft a&ion at law against him for all the money which by virtue of this adfc ought to have been paid.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That all monies to be raised Application of or received as aforesaid, shall be applied in the manner here-thc monic*« after mentioned; that is to fay, to the fuccour and relief of

mariners (hipwrecked, and taken in war, and other diftrefled persons his  Majesty’s fubjedis, and to such other charitable and publick ufes, as shall from time to time be appointed by the conful for the time being, with the majority of the Britijh merchants and fadtors refiding at the faid port of Leghorn.

V.	And be it enadfced by the authority aforesaid, That the fhe conful tonful for the time being, appointed for his  Majesty’s fubjedis tq fumraou trading to the port of Leghorn, shall from time to time, as he meetings of shall fee occafion for effefting the purposes of this adt, call and fummon a general meeting o? the Britijh merchants and fadtors a refiding at the faid port; and he is hereby obliged and required from time to time to call and fummon general meetings or aflemblies, as often as he shall be defired by writing under the

hands of any five or more of the Britijh merchants or fadtors aforesaid; and the majority at such meetings or aflemblies shall from time to time order and determine all matters and things re-lating to the premifles.

VI.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That thisp ... . ~ adt shall be efteemed and taken in all courts of juftice and elfe- U lc f where to be a publick adt, and shall be taken notice of as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame 5 and if any adtion shall be brought, or fuit commenced, against any person or persons for

any thing done in purfuancc of this adt, or in relation to the premifles, the defendant or defendants in such adtion may plead the general ifiue, and give this ad! and the fpecial matter in evi- General ifliie. denS at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was Vol. XVII.	H	done



Anno decimo Gborgii II. c. 15.	[1737.

done in purfuance and by the authority of the faid a«5t; ahd if the fame shall appear to have been fo done, then theiury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuited, or fuffer a difcontinuance of his, her, or their adion or a&ions, or if a veodidt shall pafs against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have full cods, and shall have such remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts in other cafes by law.

CAP. XV.

 An act to enable the present and future proprietors and inhabitants of the boufes in Red Lion Square, in the county of Middlesex, to make a rate on tbemfelves, for raffing money fufficient to inclofe, pavey watcby clean, and adorn the faid fquare.

WHEREAS the fquare called Red Lion Square, in the parijh of Saint George the Martyr, in the county of Middlesex, hath for fom time paji lain in great difordery and the pales which inclofe the area thereof are fo ruinous, that the faid area is become a receptacle for rubbijby dirty and najlinefs of all Hndsy and an encouragement to common beggarsy vagabondsy and other diforder-ly perfomy to refort thither for the exercife of their idle diverftons and other unwarrantable purpofes: to prevent all which mifchiefs, and to the end the faid fquare may be kept clean and in good order, the ownerSy proprietors, and inhabitants thereofy are difir ousy that the faid fquare may be inclofedy or otherwise made commodiouSy pavedy watckedy and properly adorntdy and kept in good repair for the fu-turiy and are willing that an adequate contribution may for that pur-pofe be raised by and amongjl tbemfelves ; wherefore the faid pro-

Iirietors and inhabitants moft humbly befeech your mod excel-ent Majesty, that it may be ena&ed, &c.

Proprietors to meet on 15 July, in Grey’s Inn, to choofe truftees, who are to dirtd the adorning of the fquare. »o s. penalty on persons annoying the fquare. Offender to be fent to the houfe of correction till he removes such nufance, Perfons gaming in, or breaking the fences of the fquare, , shall forfeit 40 s. or be fent to tbe houfe of corredion for 1 month. Truftees impowered to aflefs is. 6 d. in the pound on the inhabitants, according to the land tax affeflment for 1736. After 94 June 1737, owners to pay for untenanted houfes, See. Peri on s refuting to pay what they are rated at* their goods may be diflrained, and if not replevied iu 5 days, be appraifcd and fold. After 14th June 1737, the fquir$, See. to be deemed a diftinft ward, and not liable to fcavenger's rate, See. and frbm that time St. Andrew’s parish Holbom, di(charged from cleaning it, &c. Tru* itees may grant annuities on 10001. for 31 years, after the rate of 61, per cent, per ann. and for one life at the rate of 81, per cent, per ann. Truftees may raife the monies in the way they think moft proper, but shall not pay more than 41. per cent, per ann. Publick aCt.

CAP.

 

99

Anno decimo GeoRgii II. C. 16.

CAP. XVI.

 An act for explaining and amending an aft paffed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from the New Palace Yard in the city of Westminster, to the oppofite Jhore in the county Surrey.

WHEREAS an aft was made in the laji fcjfion of this present Preamble, re-parliament, For building a bridge'crofs the nver Thames, citing the a& from the New Palace Yard in the city of Wejlminfter, to the op- 9Gco* *•c %9* pofite fliore in the county of Surrey, and certain commiffimers there-in named were by the faii aft appointed and impowered to defign, offign, and lay out, how and in what manner, and with what materials , the faid intended bridge Jhould be made, erefted, and built, and the ways and pafiages to and from the fame, and to preferve and keep in repair such ways and pajfages, from time to time, and ,to make cmtrafts, and do all matters and things for carrying on and effecting the purposes afore faid, and to caufe the fame to be effeftualy done and perfected accordingly ; and for enabling the commtjjioners to execute the powers, and effeft the purposes of the faid aft, authority Was given for raising a fum not exceeding fix hundred and twenty five tboufand pounds, by way of lottery, to be drawn within such time, and in such manner, and under such management and regulations, as in and by the faid aft is in that behalf ordered, direfted, and pre-Jcribed', which money fo to be raifed, was thereby direfted to be paid by the contributors to, and adventurers in, such lottery, into the bank if England, or to such cafhier or eajhiers, as the direftors of the bank Jhould appoint, on or before the firjl day of February, one tboufand Jwen hundred and thirty fix \ and the refidue and fiurplus of the money fo to be advanced and contributed, after payment of the prizes in the faid lottery, and the charges and expences incident to, and attending the execution of the faid aft, was thereby direfted to be ijfited, paid and applied for and towards the erefting and building the faid bridge, and, repairing, preferring and fupporting the fame when built, and for other the purposes therein mentioned, as the faid commiffion-ers, or any nine or more of them, Jhould, from time to time, dire ft: and whereas there was contributed and paid in on the credit of the faid aft, on the firjl day February, one tboufand fieven hundred and thirty fix, only the sum of forty three tboufand one hundred and fixteen pounds, and the time limited and appointed by the faid aft for executing several of the powers and authorities thereby given, is tlapfed, and thereby the fame aft is rendered ineffeftual to anfwer the purposes thereby intended; wherefore to the end and intent that a defign fo ufeful to his  Majesty’s fubjeds, and the pub-Jick in general, may be effe<5tuallv carried into execution$ may it ple?fe your mod excellent Majesty, that it may be en-	:

afted, &c.

7oo,ooo4. to be raised by way of lottery. The refidue of the money, after payment of tht fortunate tickets, to be applied towards the bridge. If * * '	-	JH	•	,	fuflicierit





ioo	Anno decimo GeorGII II. C. 17.	[1737.'

fufficient money be not raised by the methods prelcribed, his Majesty may, after 39 Sept. 1737, by letters patents, incorporate the trultees. Such corporations may not take up any money payable under 6 months, or difcount any bills, See. And there shall be paid for pontage, for every ’ coach, &c. drawn by 6 horfes, as. by 4. horfes, is. 6 d. by lefs than 4. horfes, 1 s. For every waggon, Sec. drawn by 4 horfes, is. 6d. and by lefs than 4 horfes, 1 s. For every horfe, &c. not drawing, a d. For every foot pafieneer on Sundays, 1 d. and on every other day, one halfpenny. For every drove of oxen, 1 s. per fcore. For every drove of calves, hogs, (beep, or lambs, 6 d. per fcore. Truftees to appoint collectors. Com mi f-fioners, when incorporated, mayrborrow money on credit of this aft. Commiflioners to determine the recompence to be made to the watermen. Sec. which shall be paid within 1 month after judgment. 'JThe bridge to EXP	built	either	from	the New Palace Yard, or from the Horfe Ferry, or

*	thereabouts,	to	the	oppofite (bore.

CAP. XVII.

 An act for repealing the present duty on fweets9 and far granting a lefs duty thereupon and for explaining and enforcing the execution of an aft pajfed in the ninth year of of his present Majesty's reign intituled,  An act for laying a duty upon the retailers of fpirituous liquors, and for licenfing the retailers thereof-, and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this fefjion of parliament and far making forth duplicates of exchequer bills 9 lottery tickets, and orders, IoJt9 burnt, or other wife dejiroyed.

May it pleafe your mojl excellent Majejiy,

Preamble, re- \\f HEREASAy<w aft of parliament made and pajfed in the citing the a&s V V fifth year of the reign of her late majejiy Queen Anne, in-

5	Anns,c. 19. tituled9  An act for continuing the duties on low wines and fpi-

rits of the first extraction, and the duties payable by hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, and part of the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, and the late duties on fweets, and the one third fubfidy of tonnage and poundage, and for fettling and eftabliftiing a fund thereby, and by the application of certain overplus monies, and otherwise, for payment of annuities to be fold for raising a further supply to her Majesty, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and feven, and other ufes therein exprefled; it was (amongfi other things) enafted, That there Jhould be raifed, levied, colie fted and paid to her Majefly9 her heirs and jucceffors, for the purposes in the faid aft ex-prejfed, for every barrel of fweets made9 which Jhould be for fiale, from and after the four and twentieth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fix, within or during the space of ninety nine years from thence next and immediately enfuing, the sum of thirty fix Jhillings, the fame duty to be paid by the maker or makers of the faid fweets ; and fo in proportion for any greater or lejfer quantity$ and by one other aft made and pajfed in the fixth year of the reign of her

6	Ann. c. 5. ja(e wajefy G)ueen Anne, intituled,  An act for railing a fur-

ther supply to her Majesty, for the  service of the year one thou* fand seven hundred and eight, and other ufes, by fale of annuities charged on a fund notvcxceeding forty thousand pounds

J737*] Anno decimo Georgii II. c. i7-	ioi

Per annum, to arifc by appropriating fcveral furplufles, and by granting farther terms in the duties on low wines, and on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, the (lamp duties, the one third fubfidy, the duty on fweets, and one of the branches of excife, and by making other provifion in this aft mentioned, it was (amongfi other things) enafted, That the duty upon fweets made for fale, which by the faid aft of the fifth year of her faid late Majeftfs reign, was granted for the term of ninety nine years, commencing from the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred andfix, Jhould be further continued, and be paid and payable to her faid late Majefiy, her heirs and fuccejfors, within and throughout the united kingdom of Great Britain, from and after the expiration of the term of ninety nine years lajl mentioned, for and during the further term of two years from thence next and immediately	■

tnjuing; and by one other aft made and pajfed in the firfi year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Firfi, intituled, An 'Geo. i.c. is, aft for enlarging the fund of the governor and company of the bank of England, relating to exchequer bills, and for fettling an additional revenue of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds per annum upon his Majeftv during his life, for the fer-vice of the civil government, and for eftablithing a certain fund of fifty four thousand fix hundred pounds per annum, in order to raifc a futn not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds for the  service of the publick, by fale of annuities after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, and for fatisfying an arrear for work and materials at Blenheim, incurred whilft that building was carried on at the expence of her late majefiy Queen Anne of blefled memory, and for other purposes therein mentioned, it was (amongfi other things) enafted, That the faid duty upon fweets made for fale, which by the faid aft of the fifth year of her faid late Majefiy s reign, was granted for the term of ninety nine years, from the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fix, and by the faid aft of the fixtb year of her faid late Majefiy*s reign, was continued for two yearsy to tale ejfeft from the expiration of the term of ninety nine years lafi mentioned, Jhould have further continuance, and be paid and payable to his Majefiy, his heirs and fuccejfors, for ever: and whereas all liquors mode by infufion, fermentation, or other wife y from foreign fruit or fugar, or from fruit or  sugar mixed with other materials, and commonly made ufe of for recovering, increafing, or making of any kinds of wine or cyder, or of any liquor called wine, are declared to be fweets by an aft of parliament made in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of his late majefiy King William the 10&11 W. Third, intituled.  An act for laying further duties upon fweets, c* **• and for leflening the duties as well upon vinegar, as upon certain low wines and whale fins, and the duties upon brandy imported, and for the more eafy raising the duties upon leather, and for charging cinders, and for permitting the importation of pearl alhes, and for preventing the abufes in the brewing at beer and ale, and frauds in importation of tobacco ; and being made for Jaler are chargeable* by the faid aft with the duty of

H 3	thirty



\oz	Anno decimo Gborgii II, C. ijrf [1737*

thirty fix Jhillings a barrel: and whereas fome doubt has been made* whether liquors made for fale by infufion, fermentation, or otherwifief from British fruit or fugar, or from fruit or  sugar mixed with other materials or ingredients, and commonly called or dijlinguijbed by the name of Made Wines, are fweets, and are chargeable with the faid duty of thirty fix Jhillings a barrel, granted and continued by the fe~ veral afts before recited; and it has been found by experience, that the value and quality of fucb wines will not bear the faid duty to be charged thereon; for obviating such doubt for the future, and for the eafe of the makers of, and dealers in, such wines as a* forefaid, we your  Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do mott humbly befeech your Majesty, that it may be ena&ed; and be it enaaed by the King’s molt excellent Majesty, by and with I	the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

’	commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the au-

Xfter *4 Jane, thority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day *7 37* the duty of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven, the (aid *el onsets*"	thirty (hillings a barrel on fweets, payable to hi*

determines, Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, for ever, by the several ada of parliament before recited, lhail ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable j any thing in the before mentioned ads, pr any other ad or ads of parliament, heretofore made to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

II.	And vour  Majesty’s faid dutiful and loyal fuhjeds, the commons or Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being de-firous to raife the supply granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, by ways the lead burthenfome to your Maiefty** fubjeds, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duty herein after mentioned; and to that end and purpose do and a duty of mod humbly befeech your Majesty, that it may be ena&ed; ix s. a barrel and be it enaded by the authority aforesaid. That from and impofed on all after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven fweets or hundred and thirty (even, there shall be raifed, levied, and paid fromBrTtifhCorto anc* ^or l*lc u^e	Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors for

foreign fruit ever, for every barrel of liquors made or to be made within the or fugar, kingdom of Great Britain for fale, by infuiion, fermentation, or otherwise, from foreign fruit or fugar, or from British fruit or fugar, or from fruit or  sugar mixed with any other ingredients or materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or diftinguifhed by the name of Made IVines, for which no duty hath been already paid, or shall be paid on or before the faid twenty fourth day of June, the sum of twelve (hillings, to be paid by the maker thereof; and fo in proportion for a greater or .	lefler	quantity.

Wich shall be III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, managed by That the commiflioners and officers of his M^jefty’s revenue of fione^of ex-	for	t^lc	t*me	being,	(hall he commiflioners and ofli-

eife, &c. cers for the receipt and management of the duty before mentioned ; and all monies arifing by the faid duty (the neceflaiy charges of levying and colle&iog the fame excepted) (hall, from

time



1737*] Anno decimo GeoRgii II. c. 17.	103

time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer diftincftly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue, for the ufes and purposes hereafter mentioned.

IV.	And be it further enaefted by the authority aforesaid, M . That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June> every fw*ctCsr80? maker of the liquors aforesaid called Sweets or Made JVines for made wines falc, (hall, before he, (he, or they begin to make such fweets foall give no-or wines, or any of them, give notice in writing at the next nee t° the next office of excife, of his, her, or their name and place of abode, cii/of th?ir and of all and every the rooms and places made ufe of by him, names apd her, or them, for making or keeping of fweets or made wines, places of

on pain of forfeiting for every room or place fo made ufe of as at>odc» aforesaid without notice as aforesaid the sum of twenty pounds; and that all and every other the powers, authorities, directions, on Pcn*fty rules, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters,20 and things, which in and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled,  An act for taking. T** *xcift away the court of wards and liveries, end tenures incapit*, rrtrJlawsapphcd by knights service^ and purveyance, and for fettling + revenue-upon t0 lhls duty* bis Majejiy in lieu thereof or by any other ftffr heretofore made m relation to the duties upon fweets *re provided, fettled, or eftablHhed, fo* fecuring, enforc/dg, managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the duties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punithing frauds relating thereto, shall be exercifed, practiced, applied, ufed, impofed, levied, recovered, and put in execution for the fecuring, enforcing, managing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, afeertaining, recovering, and paying the duty hereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and ptmiming frauds relating thereto, as fully and efFe&ually to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the (aid powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present ait.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Penalties and all fines, penalties, and forfeitures relating to the feid duty^citurc* upon fweets hereby granted, shall be fued for, recovered, levied, fucjrf0f° &c# and mitigated by such ways, meins, and methods as any fine, 9 penalty, or forfeiture is or may be in like cafes fued for, levied, recovered, and mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by

a&ion of debt, hill, plaint, or information in any of his Ma-jefty*s courts of record at Weftminjler, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, and forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall fue for the fame.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaefted by the au- Perfons fued Ifiority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any

time be fued for any thing done by him or them in purfuance thTge-

H 4	•	of acral iffue,





and recover treble colU.

Wires of Bri tifh growth exempted from this duty.

n a ufe for rendering more etFeftual the act of 9 Geo. ». c. 23.

Anno decimo GeoRGH II. c. 17*	[1737.

of this aft, or any other aft now in forde relating to the duties of excife, or any other duties under the management of the comroilfioners of excife, he and thejy shall and may plead the general iiTue, and give this aft and the faid refpeftive afts in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdift shall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs be nonfuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble cofts to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

VII.	Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge with any duty such wine as the owners or occupiers of Britijh vineyards shall make from the juice of Britijh grapes only growing thereon.

VIII.	And whereas fome doubts have arifen touching the method of recovering, levying, and mitigating the penalties or forfeitures impofed by an aft of parliament made in the ninth year of his prefttit Majefly s reign, intituled,  An act for laying a duty upon the retailers of fpirituous liquors, and for licenfing the retailers thereof; now to put an end to all doubts concerning the fame, be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all pe-

‘ nalties and forfeitures by the faid aft impofed, may for the future during the continuance of the faid aft, and from the time . of the commencement of the fame hitherto might, lawfully be fued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any penalty or forfeiture is or may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by an act made in , the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majefly King Charles the Second, intituled.  An act for taking away the court of words, and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service, and purveyance, and fettling a revenue upon bis Majefly in lieu thereof, except as to thofe penalties and forfeitures, for the recovery of which any other means or methods are by the faid aft of the ninth year of his present Majefly direfted.

IX.	And whereas by the Jaid aft made and pafftd in the ninth year of his Mojefifs reign, intituled,  An act for laying a .duty upon the retailers of fpirituous liquors, and for licenfing the retailers thereof, it is (amongfl other things) enafted. That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, one them-f and Jeven hundred and thirty fix, no person or persons jhall hawk, fell, or expofe to fale any brandy, fpirituous liquors, or firong waters, by whatever name or names they are or may be colled or difiingui/b-ed, about the firects, highways, or fields, in any wheelbarrow or hajket, or upon the water in any /hip, boat, or veffel, or in any other manner whatever, or jhall fell, or expofe the jame to fale on any bulk or bulks, flail or flails, or in any fined or Jbeds, or on or in any other place or places, other than in fiuch place or places as are in the fiaid aft mentioned or allowed, upon pain of forfeiting for every such offence the fium of ten pounds; and it Jhall and may be lawful to and for any one cr more jufiice or jufiices of the peace for the county, riding, divijion, city, or liberty refpeftivcly, wherein such of-

feme

. #

•  ■

1737*1 Anno decimo Ge6roi’i II. c. 17.	105

fence /ball be committed, on his or their own view, or. on confeffion of the party, or by proof on the oath of one or more credible witness or voknejjes made of such offence, to canvid any person or petfons Jo of~ fending as aforesaid; and fucb person or persons Jo offending and con-vi&ed Jball immediately on such conviction pay the faid fum of ten pounds into the hands of the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the parijh where fucb offence shall be committed, or one of them, and on such offender or offenders refuftng or neglecting to pay the faid fum, the jujiice or jujlkes fo convicting as aforesaid shall and may by war-rant or warrants under his or their band and feal, or hands and foals, commit the offender or offenders to the houfe of correction for the faid county, city, or liberty refpeCtively, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the space of two months to.be reckoned from the day of the faid commitment, and the person or persons fo committed shall not be discharged until he, Jhe> or they shall have paid the faid fum of ten pounds, or until the full expiration of the faid two months, and every fum or fums of money arifing from the conviction of any person or ptr-foru as aforesaid, in cafe there be no informer, shall be wholly applied to the uje of the poor of the parijh wherein the offence was committed; but if there shall be an informer, one moiety offucb money shall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety shall be paid to the overfeers and xburcbwardens as aforesaid, or one of them, and applied to the ufe of the poor of the parijh as aforesaid: and whereas such persons as are willing and defrosts of putting the faid falutary law in execution, have not the encouragement which is due to them, and which they jujlly defense, where the persons incurring th$ pecuniary penalties of the faid off are not able to pay the fame, but in lieu thereof are fent to the houfe efcorrection, as by the faid ad is directed; for remedy whereof, be Commiffion-it cnadied by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the ^ay reward faid twenty fourth day of June, one thou fan d seven hundred and petfons who thirty feven, in all such cafes, as aforesaid, it shall and may be are intitlcd lawful for the commifftoners of excife in England and Scotland re- thereto, out ipe&ively, to caufe such rewards as aforesaid to be paid to the ?n ^rhaod^ several and refpedfive persons who shall appear to them to be in- &c# tided thereto as aforesaid, out of any money that shall be in their •hands, or any officers belonging to them, that hath arifen or shall arise by yirtue of any penalties or forfeitures incurred by the laid adfc as aforesaid, and the money fo paid shall be accepted of and allowed in their accounts, as fo much money paid to hi$

Majesty; and the faid commiffioners are and shall hereby be dif-charged thereof accordingly; and every offender convidted as a- not paying forefaid, and upon his or her refufal or negleft to pay the faid the fine, shall penalty of ten pounds committed to the houfe of corrodtion as beeommitted, aforesaid, shall before his or her difcharge therefrom be ftript&c< naked from the middle up wards, and whipt until his or her body be bloody.

X.	Provided alfo, artd it is hereby enacted and declared, that No pcrfofl tQ nothing in this adt contained shall extend or be conftrued to fell made enable any person or persons to fell such made wines to be drunk wines without in his or their houfe or houfes, unless such person or persons be licence from first liccnfed by two or more of his  Majesty’s juftices of the peace fa?1 °f

ofF *





?o£

which he shall pay their clerk as* 6d. &c*

None to be granted but to keepers of coffee -houfes, &c.

duty on fpi-rituous liquors ftill to continue*

^Claufeof loan •t spirant.

Tallies and orders for repayment

Aimo decimo GeORGft U. c.! 7.	[ 1737.

of the county, riding, divifion, city, or liberty, wherein fuch. person or persons shall fell the faid made wines* under the hands and feals of the faid juftices, for which licence or licences the sum of two (hillings and (ixpence, and no more, shall be paid to the clerks of such juftices, and no fee or sum of money or other reward whatsoever to the clerk or derks of the peace for entering the fame, or on any other account, on pain of five pounds in cafe any of the faid juftices derks, or any clerk of the peace, shall afic, receive, or demand any more or other fee or fees on account of such licences under any pretence whatsoever, and if the licence is not found and provided by the (aid juftices clerks, then no fee whatsoever shall be due or received by thetxk

XI- Provided always, and be it further enabled, that no li-cence shall be granted to any person or persons whatsoever for felling by retale any made wines whatsoever, except to such persons only who shall keep public viltualling-houfes, inns, coffee-houfes, or ale-houfes 5 and if such licences shall be granted, the fame are hereby declared void to all intents and purpofes.

XII.	Provided, that nothing in this alt shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to alter or take away any duty Chargeable on diftilled fpirituous liquors, or any other liquors by the faid alt of parliament made in the ninth year of the reign of his pre*» fent Majesty.

XIII.	And it is hereby also enalted, that there <hallbe*ptt>-vided and kept in the office of the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer one book or regifter, in which all the Orders for money payable upon this alt shall be entered and tegiftered 3 and that it shall and maybe lawful to and for any person or peribns^ natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance and lend to his Majesty at the faid receipt, upon credit of the faid duties by this alt granted, any fum or fums of money tidt exceeding in the whole, the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, which lenders shall have mtereft for the forbearance of their reft-peltive loans, not exceeding the rate of three pounds per eefitufk per annum, fo as fuch' loans be allowed to be made by the comt-miflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or by the high treafurer, or any three or more of the comtniffionefa of the treafury for the time being, who are hereby authorised tb iflue their warrants for that purpofe, as faft as such loans shall be wanted for the publick service, the faid interest to be paid half-yearly from the making of such loans, until the fatisfa&ion of the principal fums refpelHvely, and that no monies fo to be lent shall be rated or aliened in any tax or affeftment whatsoever; and that every such lender shall immediately have a tally of loan (truck for the money by him, her, or them lent, and an order of the fame date for repayment thereof with such mtereft as aforesaid 3 and that all such orders shall be regiftered in eourfe according to their dates; and all persons thereupon shall be paid in eourfe, as their orders shall ftand regiftred, fo as the person or persons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, adrpi-ttiftrators, or affigns, whofe orders shall be first regiftred, shall be

ac-





*737* 1 Anno decimo Georgn II. c. i7.	107

accounted the peifon or perions to be first paid, and lb fuccef-lively in courfe ; and that the monies to come in by this a&, of No undue the faid duties, shall be in the fame order liable to the fatisfac- preference* tion of the faid refpe&i ve persons, their executors, adminiftrators, or af&gns fucceflivcly, without undue preference of one before another, and not otherwise, and shall not be diverted or divertiblo to any other ufe, intent, or purpose whatsoever; and that no fee, reward, or gratuity, direCUy, or indire&ly, be demanded or taken for providing or making any such books or regifters, or any en~ tries, views, or fearch in or for payment of money lent, or the interest thereof, as aforeiaid, by any of his  Majesty’s officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble da* mages to the party aggrieved by the party offending, with full cofts of fuit; or if the officer bimfelf take or demand any such fee or reward, then to forfeit his place alfo; and if any undue preference of one before another shall be made in point of regi-(try or payment contrary to the true meaning of this aCl by any fiich officer or officers, then the party offending shall be liable bv a&ion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt witn full cofts of fuit to the party aggrieved, and shall be forejudged of his place or office; and if such preference be upduly made by any his deputy or clerk without direction or privity of his mailer, then fiich deputy or clerk only shall be liable to such aCtion, debt, damages, and cofts, and shall be for ever after incapable of his place or office; and in cafe the auditor of the receipt ihall not direCt, or the clerk of the, pells record, or the tellers make payment, according to each perfon’s due place and order, as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpe&ive deputies and clerks therein offending to be liable to such aCtion, debt, damages and cofts, in such manner as a-forefaid: all which (aid penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cofts, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, shall and may be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Wejirmnjler, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege* wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, shall be in any ' wife granted or allowed,

XIV.	Provided always. That if it happen that several tallies what shall of loan, or orders for payment, as aforesaid, bear date, or be not be reckon-brought the fame day to the auditor of the receipt to be regi- unduc pre-ftred, then it shall be interpreted no undue preference, which 0ftcrcncc* tbofe b^ entered firft, fo as he enters them all the fame day.

XV.	Provided alfo. That it shall not be interpreted any undue preference, to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the auditor directs, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do pay, subsequent orders of persons that come and demand their moffcy, and bring their orders, before other persons that did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in courfe, fo as there be fi* much money referved as will fatisfy precedent orders, which shall not be otherwise difpofed of, but kept for

them^





io8

Money lent may be traof-ferred.

Exchequer may iffue out new exchequer bills*

Bills to bear interest at 31. per cent, per annum.

Anno decimo Georgii II. C. 17.'■	[1737.

them/ interest upon loan being to ceafe from the tiqie that money is fo refcrved and kept in bank for them.

XVI.	And be it further enabled. That all and every person and persons to whom any money shall be due for loans by virtue of this aft, after order entered in the book of regiftry, afore-faid, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, by proper words of alignment to be indorfed on his, her, or their order, may affign or transfer his, her, or their right, title, intereft, and benefit of such order, or any part thereof, to any o-ther, which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforesaid, and an entry or memorial thereof also made in the book of regiftry aforesaid for orders, (which the officers shall upon requeft without fee or charge accordingly make) shall intitle such aflignee, his, her. or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or affigns, to the benefit thereof and payment thereon, and such aflignee may in like manner affign again, and fo tcties quo ties; and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made such affignment to make void, releafe, or difcharge the fame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

XVII.	And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain fum not to exceed in the whole the sum of five hundred thousand pounds to be raised either by such loans as aforesaid, or by ifluing exchequer bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of thofe ways or means, for the publick service; be it further provided and enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in cafe the commiffioners of his  Majesty’s treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, shall judge it more advifeable to raife the faid fum of five hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof, by exchequer bills, inftead of such loans as aforesaid, that then they refpec-tively are hereby authorized and impowered at any time or times at once, or by such proportions at a time as they refpec-tively shall find to be moil for the advantage of the publick, to prepare and make, or caufe to be prepared and made, at the exchequer, in such method and form as they or he shall think mod fafc arid convenient, any number of neW exchequer bills containing one common fum or different fums in the principal monies, fo that in cafe there shall be no loans made, then all the principal fums to be contained in the faid bills to be made forth by this aft (ball not exceed five hundred thousand pounds, and in cafe any such loans shall be made, as aforesaid, then all the principal fums to be contained in the faid bills to be made forth by this aft, together with such loans fo made, shall not exceed the faid fum of five hundred thousand pounds.

XVIII.	And be it further eriafted by the authority aforeflid. That the faid bills to be prepared and made in purfuance of this aft lliall or may bear an interest not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum, and proportionably for any greater or letter faro to be contained therein, and to be payable to the bearers

thereof



l7Z7*\ Anno decimo Georgii IL c.,17.	109

thereof refpdtively, nevertheless the faid interest fhalLbe abated and laved upon such of the faid bills to be made forth by this a& as shall at any time or times be in the receipt of the exchequer, or in the hands or power of any receivers or colleltors of any taxes, aids, or revenues whatsoever, payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, during such time and times refpeltively as such bill or bills shall be or remain in the faid receipt, or in such hands or power as aforesaid.

XIX.	And it is hereby enalted, That all the faid bills fo to Theft bills to be prepared and made shall be numbered arithmetically, begin- be numbered ning with N° I. and fo proceeding in an arithmetical progreffion anthmetical-afeending, wherein thecommqn excefs or difference shall always be one, and shall be regiftered accordingly; fo that the principal fums to be contained in every such bill (after repayment of the loans which shall have been made as aforesaid, if any such be, with the interest thereof, or referving money fufficient for that purpofe) may regularly be paid off and discharged in courfe according to the number of every such bill as it shall (land in the	*	.

(aid regifter ; and that the interest upon all and every the fame bills shall be payable half yearly according to the purport and true meaning or this alt ; and that upon every such bill there shall be indorfed, printed, or written, in words at length or in figures, the fum after which the principal to be contained therein (hail be payable in such courfe as aforesaid according to the purport and true meaning of this alt.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enalted by the authority a- Treafury to forefaid. That in cafe the faid fum not exceeding five hundred direft the thousand pounds (hail be raised partly by loans and partly by courfe of pay-exchequer bills according to the powers before given by this

alt, that then and in such cafe it shall and may be lawful to and chequer bUb.' for the commiflioners of his Majesty's treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, when and as often as they shall by virtue of the faid powers direlt any such loans to be taken, or any such exchequer bills to be made out, at the fame time also to direlt and appoint the courfe and order in which such loans or exchequer bills shall (land upon th^faid regifter, and after what, fum they shall re-fpe&ively begin to be payable in courfe out of the monies arifing by this alt, fo as no subsequent loans or exchequer bills he made to alter the courfe at first appointed for prior loans or exchequer bills at the time of taking in or making out such prior loans or exchequer bills; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI.	And it is hereby further enalted. That all the faid bills Treafury t# shall be prepared and made with such cheques, indents, oraPP°int counterfoils as shall be dirdted by the faid commiflioners of theche<iucft* c# treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the

high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being; and that the person or persons, who shall be appointed to pay off the faid bills in courfe, (hall, from time to time, have the ufe and cuftody of one part of all the

cheques.





no	Anno	decimo GEoRGii II. c. 17.	[*737-

cheques, indents, or counterfoils of the laid exchequer bills to be prepared and made by virtue of this ad, from which the £ud bills shall have been cut, to prevent his or their being impofcd on by counterfeit or forged bills$ and that the undertakers or coatradors forexchanging and circulating the (aid bills, or such oPthem as shall be current, fhaH from time to time have the life and cuftody of one other part of all the faid cheques, indents, or counterfoils of the faid exchequer bills, -from which the fame fcall have been cut off as aforesaid, in order to prevent their being impeded upon by counterfeit er forged bills ; and that all the faid parts of the faid cheques, indents, or counterfoils, shall be delivered back into the exchequer, when the faid bills to be aaade forth by virtue of this ad shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged.

Bills to be XXU. And it is hereby enaded, That the faid commiffioners placed as cafh the treafory or any three or more of them now being, or the in the exche- faid high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners qu*.	of the treafury for the time being, shall and they are hereby re-

(pcdively authorized and impowered to caufe such bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this ad to be placed as fo much cafh m the refpedive offices of the tellers of the faid receipt of the exchequer, each and every of which tellers shall be feverally charged with the proportion of the faid bills which shall be fo placed in his office refpedively $ any law or ufage to the contrary not-withftanding.

Claufesin tbe XXIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, malt ad re- That all the faid bills to be iffued as aforesaid shall be current \TthC m manncr> and with fach privileges and advantages, and bUU^extcnd-	to	fuch	rules	and	diredions	as	al*e	preferibed	and	enaded

td to this* by an ad of this present session of parliament, intituled,  An act for continuing tbe duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Ma~ jefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain jailed Scotland, for tbe  service of the year one thou-fand seven hundred and thirty /even, for or concerning the exchequer bills thereby authorized to be made forth; and that all and every the claufes and provifoes in the faid laft-mentioned ad relating to the currency, exchanging, or receivin^the lame laft-mentioned exchequer bills bv any publick receivers of aids* taxes, or fupplies, or in his  Majesty’s receipt of the exchequer* or for preventing the forging, counterfeiting, or altering the fame bills, or for making out new bills in the room of such as shall be filled up with indorfements, defaced, loft, burnt, or otherwise deftroyed, or for making out exchequer bills of five thoufantf r	pounds each, or for making out exchequer bills without bearing

intereft, or for making them afterwards to bear an intereft, or a higher or lower rate of interest from time to time as the contractors shall agree to, or for preventing any mi fapplication of the fund on which the fame are charged, or any other mi(behaviour ©f any officers concerned in the receiving, iffuing, exchanging, paying off, or cancelling the fame laft* mentioned exchequer

bills,.

*737 ] Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 17.	in

bills, or for enabling the commiffioners of the treafury, or the lord high treafarer for the time being, to contrad from time to time with any perfop or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, for payment of the interest of, or exchanging for ready money on demand, the exchequer bills thereby authorized to be ifTued at a rate or premium not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum, or for preventing any difabilities in such contractors, or for making them not liable to be bankrupts on account of such contrads, or for appointing a paymafter or paymafters for paying off and cancelling the fame exchequer bills in due courfe and order, shall be extended and conftrued to extend as well to the exchequer bills by this ad authorized to be made forth, as to the exchequer bills to be made forth in purfuance of the faid ad for continuing to his Maiefty the duties upon malt* mum, cyder, and perry, as amply, folly, and effedually, to all intents and purpoles, as if the fame claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enaded verbatim m this ad*

XXIV* Ana to the. end the fame bills, or fo many of them as currency of shall from time to time remain undifeharged, may the better ob- thefe bills* tain a currency for such time as they or any of them are hereby intended to be current, be it further enaded by the authority a-forefaid. That the money which shall from time to time zriie at the (aid receipt of the exchequer of or for the duties by this ad granted shall from time to time as the fame shall arise at the faid receipt be ifTued and applied at the faid receipt for or towards the paying off and difeharging the orders of loan for the monies which shall have been Tent at the faid receipt, and for fatisfying the interest thereof, in such courfe, manner, and form as are before in this a£t preferibed or appointed for that purpofe, until all the principal and interest payable upon such orders of loan shall be folly fatisfied, or monies lufficient shall be referved in the exchequer for the full payment and fatisfadion of the fame; or the monies which shall from time to time arise at the faid receipt of the exchequer of or for the faid duties bv this ad granted (halt from time to time as the fame shall arise at the faid receipt be iflued to such paymafter by way of impreft and upon account for or towards paying off and difeharging the faid exchequer bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this ad, in such courfe as aforesaid, and for or towards the charge of circulating and exchanging the fame bills or any of them, and for or towards such other payments as are in and by this addireded or allowed to be made or discharged out of the fame, and for no other ufe^ intent, or purpose whatsoever.'

XXV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid.

That yearly and every year during the continuance of the faid orders of loan and exchequer bills or any of them the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffion-m of the treafury for the time being, shall on the feaft day of Saint Michael the archangel in every year, or within twenty days after, caufe a true and perfed account in writing to be taken and

attefted

Digitized

by 

iia	Anno derimo Georgii II. C. 17.	[*737*

An account at^c^c<^ ProPer officers, of all the monies which shall in the of0tbe^monies preceding year have been paid into the receipt of exchequer, for arifmgbytbefe or upon account of the faid duties by this adfc granted as aforesaid, duties to be and how much thereof hath been applied or will be neceflary to taken every ^ appifc^ either towards the paying of interest on the faid or-ycar‘	ders of loan, or the payment of any premium, rate, or intereft; in

refpedl of the faid exchequer bills, or any other neceflary char* •bem,Cat°n0fgcs authorized by this adtto be paid; and in cafe it shall ap-m'	pear that on any such feaft day there shall be or remain in the

exchequer any lurplus arifen from the faid duties, over and beyond what will fatisfy such intereft, premium, rate, and charges, to that time, such furplufles shall be and are hereby appropriated, and (haft be from time to time forthwith iflued and applied, as far as the fame will extend, for or towards the paying off the principal fums contained either in such orders of loan, or in such exchequer bills, and difeharging the fame in a numerical courfe, beginning with N° I. and fo on proereflively, un-,	til all the faid orders of loan and exchequer bills shall be dif-

cha med.

Deficiency to XXVI. And be it further enacted bv the authority aforesaid, be made good Thatin cafe it shall appear that on any luch feaft day the money out of the arifen into the exchequer in the preceding year shall be fo low or Sinking Fund, deficient, as that the fame shall not be Sufficient to difeharge such intereft, premium, rate, and charges to that time, such deficiency shall from time to time be made good out of the first fupplies to be granted in parliament, next after such deficiency ihall appear ; and in cafe no such supply shall be granted within fix months next after such deficiency shall happen, then the fame shall be made good out of any the monies, which at any time or times shall be or remain in the faid receipt of the exchequer of the furplufles, excefles, and overplus monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund (except such monies of the fame finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former adt or adts of parliament in that behalf) and such monies of the faid (inking fund shall and may from time* to time be iflued and applied accordingly.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority

and replaced aforesaid. That whatever monies shall be iflued out of the faid by parkament.	excefles, or overplus monies, commonly called The

finking Fund, (hall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first fupplies to be then after granted in parliament; any thing herein contained tp the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one adt of this session of parliament, intituled.  An act for continuing the duties upon malt9 mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, rrtum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven, and fo much money (if any such be) of the duties thereby granted

2



1937-] Annodedmo Georgii II. c.iyl	113

ed and continued, as 0>all arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made, or to be made on the fame'alt, and all the• intereft, premium, or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the faid duties, shall be fatisfied, or money fufficient shall be referved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame; and all the monies coming into the exchequer,either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other ac5t of this session of parliament, intituled.  An act for granting an aid to his Majejiy by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven ^ and fo much money (if any such be) of the tax thereby granted, as, lhall arise or remain, after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame alt, and all the interelt, premium, or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the (aid land tax, shall be fatisfied, or money fufficient shall be referved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame; and the sum of one million by or out of such monies as now are or at any time shall be in the receipt of the exchequer of the furplufies, cxceffes, or overplus monies of the fund commonly called The finking Fund, arifen or to arise at or from the feaft day of the birth of our Lord Chrift, one thousand seven hundrea and thirty feven, after payment of or referving fufficient to pay such monies as have been or lhall be direlted by any former alt or alts of parliament to be paid out of the fame; and also all the loans or exchequer bills to be made forth in purfuance of this present alt, lhall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several ufes, intents, and purposes herein exprefled, fubjelt nevertheless to such reftriltions as are herein after prelbribed; that is to fay, it is hereby enalted and declared.

That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforesaid, there lhall Application of and may be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money not the momet exceeding seven hundred thirty nine thousand two hundred and a&s * one pounds, fix (hillings, and five pence, for or towards the herein recited, naval services herein alter more particularly expreffed; that is 7t9»*oil. 6s. to lay, for or towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of 5d* for nav*l his  Majesty’s navy, and for half-pay to fea officers, and for or rcrvlC€S# towards viltuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards fea services in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed.

XXIX.	And it is hereby enalted. That out of all or any the 50,oool. for aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid there shall and may be repair of the ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding fifty r°yal navy* thousand pounds, for the rebuilding and repairing the (hips of

the royal navy for the year one thouland seven hundred and thirty feven.

XXX.	And it is also hereby enalted, That out of all or any ,0|ooot. to the aids or fupplies, as aforesaid, there shall and may be ifiued Greenwich and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding ten thou- hefpitai.

(and pounds, upon account, for or towards the support of the

cpyal hospital at Greenwich, and for the better maintenance of the

Vo*. XVIL	I	fea-



i>4

80,318!. cs. and 5d. for the oHice of ordnance.

1,039,198!. 10s. 4d. farthing, for land forces.

56.4.1	14s.

3d. farthing, for extraordinary expences.

44,6851. IS. 6d. tor halfpay officers.

3.945!* f°r

widows of fuel) officers.

Anno defcirao GjeoBgii H.V CLif. [1737%

feamen of the faid holpital, worn out and becojne decrepit in thn

fervice of their country.

XXXI.	And it is hereby also enafted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as afbrefaid, there shall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding eighty thou-fand three hundred and twenty eight pounds, five (hillings, and five pence, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of ordnance for land  service performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land services, not provided for by parliament.

XXXII.	And it is hereby likewise enabled, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid, there Audi and may be iffiied and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding one million thirty nine thousand one hundred ninety eight pounds, ten (hillings, and four pence farthing, for or towards maintaining his  Majesty’s land forces, and other services herein after more particularly expreffedj that is to fay, any fum or fums of money not exceeding fix hundred forty seven thousand five hundred forty nine pounds, eleven (hillings, and three pence halfpenny, for defraying the charge of feventeen thousand seven hundred and four men, including commiffion and non-commiffion officers, and invalids, for guards, garrifons, and fix independent companies for the  service of the highlands, and other his  Majesty’s land forces in Great Britain, Guernfey, and Jerfey* for the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding two hundred and fifteen thousand seven hundred and ten pounds, fix Shillings, and five pence halfpenny, for maintaining his  Majesty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca and, Gi+ braltar, and for provifions for the garrifons at Annapolis Royal* Canfo, Placentia, and Gibraltar, for the year, one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty eight thousand seven hundred and seven pounds, five (hillings, and ten pence, upon account, for out~penfioners of Chelfea hofpital, for the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding fifty fix thousand four hundred and thirteen pounds, fourteen (hillings and three pence farthing, for defraying several extraordinary ex-pences and services incurred in the years one thousand seven hundred thirty five, and one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, and not provided for by parliament; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding forty four thousand fix hundred eighty five pounds, two (hillings, and fix pence, upon account or half-pay to the reduced officers of his  Majesty’s land forces and marines^ for the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven, fub-jetft nevertheless to such rules to be obferved in the application of the faid halfpay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the fame; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding three thousand nine hundred forty five pounds, for paying of penfions to widows of fucb reduced officers of his  Majesty’s land forces and marines, as died upon the eftabliihment of half-pay in Great

Bri«•







*737*1 AhM decimo Geor&hTI. c. ip	ii£

Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fixteen, for the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven; which hid turn of three thousand nine hundred forty five pounds, shall be ifibed to such person or persons, as his Majesty (hall, by warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual dire<5l or appoint to receive the feme, to be by him or them paid over to such widows of half-pay officers, or their affigns, according to such eflablilhments, lifts, or other directions, and with and fubjeCt to such conditions, qualifications, deductions, or other allowances for the feme, as his Majesty, by such or the like warrant Or warrants, shall be gracioufly pleafed to direCt or appoint; and . any fum or fums of money not exceeding forty two thousand for^yJncnt-one hundred eighty seven pounds, ten (hillings, on account of0f fubfidy the fubfidy payable to the king of Denmark, purfuant to the treaty to the king of bearing date tne nineteenth day of September y one thousand seven Denmark# hundred and thirty four, for the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven.

XXXIII.	And it is hereby also enabled, That out of all or $2401!. any the aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and 6d. farthing,* may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money not ex- *or 7a£in£ teedingfixty two thousand four hundred and one pounds, three iciencj^of the fhillings, and fix pence farthing, towards making good the de- grantstor ficiency of the grants for the year one thousand seven hundred 1736.

and thirty fix.

XXXIV.	And it is hereby also enafted, That out of all or 10,043!. 3s. tay the aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and i°d. farthing, may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money not ex- Sinking ceeding ten thousand and forty three pounds, three (hillings, 1X11 *

and ten pence farthing, to replace to the finking fund the like	x

fum paid out of the fame to make good the deficiency of the additional (lamp duties, purfuant to a claufe in an act of parliament paffed in the fourth year of his  Majesty’s reign, for railing one million two hundred thousand pounds by annuities, and a lottery for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty one; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding ™>oool to ten thousand pounds, towards the maintenance or the Britijh forts company.111 and fettlements belonging to the royal African company of Eng- ^oool. to-1aniy on the coaft of Africa; and any fum or fums of money not wards the re* exceeding four thousand pounds, towards repairing and finifhing pair of St. the collegiate church of Saint Peter, Wejiminjier, and there shall ^f^?crWe^ and may be iflued to the truftees for establishing the colony of m Georgia in America, any fum or fums of money not exceeding	t0

twenty thousand pounds, by them to be applied towards fettling and fecuring the faid colony.	*

XXXV.	And it is hereby also enaCted, That out of all or any the aid* or fupplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be iflued and applied to the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America, and for encouraging the firtiery, at the feaft of Saint fifithael the archangel, one thousand seven hundred and thirty .



u6	Aimo decimo Georgii II. 0.17*	CT737*

000 oooi for	any	fum or fums of money not exceeding one million,

rSeemingOld f°r or towards redeeming part of the annuities attending on the South Sea an- capital (lock of annuities commonly called Old South-Sea annul-nuities. f/Vj, remaining due to the faid company; from which time a proportional part of their faid capital ftock of annuities, and of the annuities attending thereon, and of the allowance for charges of management, shall ceafe and determine for the benefit of the publick.

The aforesaid XXXVI. And be it enacted. That the faid aids or fupplies monies limit- provided as aforesaid, shall not be iffued or applied to any ufe, ed only to the intent, or purpose whatsoever, other than the ufes and purposes ufea directed, before-mentioned, or for the several deficiencies, or other payments directed to be fatisfied thereout, by any particular claufe or claufes for that purpose contained in any other aft or afts of this present feflion of parliament.

South Sea XxXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, company to That the faid South-Sea company shall forthwith upon the receipt feidmillton1 a t^ie ^um one million, or as foon as conveniently may mong'the pro- divide out and diftribute the fame as near as conveniently prietors pro- may be done amongft all the several proprietors of their faid portionably. capital ftock of annuities, towards finking and difcharging fo much of their (hares or interefts in the faid capital ftock of an-' nuities, by even and equal dividends amongft them all in proportion to their refpeftive (hares or interefts therein.

XXXVIII. And to the end, intent, and purpofe, that all truft estates and interefts in the faid capital ftock of annuities of the South-Sea company may be preferved and improved for the benefit of the persons concerned therein with the lead expence and If a ment be *nconven*ence to them; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, made of the That in all and every cafes where in purfuance of this aft any capita) of any payments or dividends shall be made of the capital of any such annuity ftock annuity ftock as shall be veiled in any person or persons in truft fons^truft1 ^or ot^er Perf°ns> who havc«or claim diftinft or different interefts for others &c. therein, or for any other ends or purposes for which the capital such divi- fum or annuity ought to be preferved intire, such payments or dendsfhall not dividends of the capital (lock of annuities shall not be paid or vfdends applied as dividends of profit, annuity or intereft, but shall rer profit, Seem main in the hands of such truftees refpeftively, till otherwise but remain in difpofed of at intereft; and for that purpose it (nail and may be the trufteet lawful to and for the truftee or truftees who shall receive the fame, at his or their diferetion to lay out or difpofe of the fame or any part thereof in the purchafe of fo much other capital ftock of the fame kind, as at the current market price of such annuity ftock the monies received for such dividends (hall, as near as dJaVotler11^ convcnientty may be, extend to purchafe; which new purchafed capital ftock, dock of annuities shall be transferred to such truftee or truftees,, which is to lie and a receipt or receipts shall be given and figned by the person transferred t0 or persons transferring the fame for the monies paid tor the fame; anVareceipt an<* m ca^e tru^ecs respectively by writing indorfed on or gjwcD, 6cg. ^ annexed to such receipts, and fignea or acknowledged before one of the matters of the high court of Chancery shall declare that the monies in the faid receipts^ were the produce of the faid dividends

 L^ooQle

*737*1 Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 17.	117

vidends of the faid capital ftock of annuities, (which fignihg or acknowledgments filch matters in chancery are hereby required to accept or take) and each and every such matter, before whom the fame shall be done, shall at the fame time certify the fame by fubferibing his name thereto (for the doing whereof, such xnafter shall be paid for each certificate one (hilling and no more) then and in every such cafe the annuity ftock mentioned in such receipts to be transferred, shall respectively go and be deemed • fabjeft and liable to the fame trufts for the benefit of the fame persons, and for the fame ufes, ends, intents and purposes, as the reft of the truft annuity ftock remaining in such truftees re-foeftively will or ought to be fubjeft and liable to, and such tru-ftees respectively shall from thenceforth be indemnified from any k>fs, charges or damages, on account of their (b doing, at the expences of the faid truft eftates.

XXXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this aft con- This a61 not tained shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to reftrain orto prohibit any such truftees, from laying out or difpofing of any /ayin^out0”1 of the faid truft monies in any other purchafes or any other fe- truft money curities, whether publick or private, if they shall fo think fit, in other pur-in the fame manner, and with the fame freedom and fecurity to chafes, themfclvcs, as they might have done if this aft had not been made.

XL. And as to the faid fum of forty four thousand fix hun- Rulestobeob-dred eighty five pounds, two (hillings, and fix pence, by this ferved in the aft appropriated on* account of half-pay, asaforefaid ; it is here- application of by enafted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the rule* herein after preferibed shall be duly obferved in the application thereof; (that is to fay) That no person shall have or receive any part of the fame who was a minor, and under the age of fixteen years at the time when the regiment, troop, or company, in which he ferved, was reduced ; that no person shall have or receive any part of the fame, except such persons who did aftual  service in (ome regiment, troop, or company; that no person having any other place or employment of pront, civil or military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay ; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecdefiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any of the faid half-pay j that no person shall have or receive any part of the fame, who hath re-, figned his commiffion, and hath had no commiffion fince; that no part of the fame shall be allowed to any person by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to such persons, who would have been otherwise inti tied to the fame as reduced officers ; and that no part of the fame shall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately di(banded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off tne cftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XLI. And whereas by on aft of parliament made in the ninth year 4fhis Majestys reigny intituled,  An act for enabling his Majesty to borrow any fum or Aims of money, not exceeding fix hundred thousand pounds, to be charged upon the fiirpluffes, excefr

13	foa-



n8	Annodetimo	GeoRgii II. c. 18:	’	[1737*

fes, or overplus monies, commonly called the finking fund* re-, deemableby parliament; and for the further difpofition of the faid fund, by paying off one million of South Sea annuities ; and for appropriating thefupplies granted in this feifion of parliament; several fupplies which had been granted to his Majefiy, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several ufes and furpofes therein ex-preffied, amongjl which, any fum or futns of money not exceeding forty ^ fix tboufand seven hundred and eighty pounds, eighteen fallings, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majefiy s land forces and marines, fubjcdl nevertheless to such rules to be obferved in ihs application ofthe faid half pay, as in and by the aforesaid all were prtf-?v7P1Ur T1*? cribed in that behalf; now it is hereby provided, ena6ted, and to officers °* declared by the authority aforesaid. That fo much of the faid maimed, &c. fum of forty fix thouf*n<i seven hundred and eighty pounds, and or to such ob- eighteen (hillings, as is or shall be more than (ufficient to fatis-jeSUof^arky fy the fajd reduced officers, according to the faid rules by the (Wl approve a<fts preferibed to be obferved in the application thereof, or of. ^ any part of such overplus, shall or may be difpofed of to such officers who are maimed or loft their limbs in the late wars, or such others as by reason of their long  service or otherwise his Ma-jefty shall judge to be proper objects of charity, or to the widows or children of such officers, according to such warrant or warrants under his  Majesty’s royal fign manual, as shall be fign-ed in that behalf; any thing in this aft, or the faid former ad, by affidavit to the contrary notwithstanding.

Exchequer bills, lottery tickets, See. proved to be loft by caftialty, by affidavit before any baton of the Exchequer, before 7 July, 1737, to be made

forth ui>on producing a certificate from the laid baron ; and the officers, on lecurity given to indemnify them, may make forth duplicates of the /aid bills, &c. Commiffioners of the treafury, &c. impowered to fign luch duplicates. EXP.

CAP. XVIII.

 An act for rebuilding the church of the partfh of Saint Olave, in the city of London, and in the'borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey.

WHEREAS/^/ church of tbeparijb of Saint Olavc, m the dr ty ^London, and borough ^/Southwark, in the county of Surrey, is a very ancient fabrick, and notwithjianding corftderable fums of money have been laid out by the inhabitants of the faid pari/b in repairing and fupporting the fame, part thereof bath fallen down, and the other part which is Jlanding is in a very ruinous condition ; now, to the intent the faid church may be rebuilt for the pub-lick worfliip of God, and the inftru&ion of the inhabitants of the faid pariffi in the true chriftian religion as now profefted in the church of England, and that the fame may be effe&ed in the manner that may be lead burthenfometo the inhabitants of the (aid parish; may it pleafe your mod excellent Majesty, at the humble requeft of the redlor, churchwardens, and other inhabitants of the (aid parUh, that it may be enabled, lie.

The church to be rebuilt. Rates for ringing the beHs, and for ufc xf palls. Truflees appointed to receive and apply the duties. Coltedbors to

be

 i^OOQle .

'*737-] Anno decimo GeoRgh ft. C. ig.

IxLxfaolen. Forfeiture of 10 1. on refuting to aft. Colleftors exempted from being (cavengcrs. Annuities on contributions, not to exceed 400 !• p^r artn* Annuities charged on the rates, and exempt from taxes. Af-leflinents not to exceed 6d. per pound- Funeral rates, if occafion requires, chargeable with the annuities. The rights of St. John’s parish not prejudiced hereby. Payment of the rates not to intitle persons to fettlements. Kates to ceale at thexletermination of the annuities. Burying-ground of Guy’s hospital not changeable. No person to be buried in the church or chancel.

CAP. XIX.

An aSffcr the more effectual preventing the

cf interludes within the precincts of the two	in

that part of Great Britain England, and the places adjacentand for explaining and mending fo much of an adl	pajfedin the	loft session of parliament,	intituled, an a<5fc

for laying a duty upon the retalers of fpirituous liquors, and for licenfing the retalers thereof, as may affe£l the privilege of the faid univerftties,	to licenfing

taverns, and all other publick houfes within the	of

the fame.

WHEREAS the letters patent of KingHcnty the eighth, made 1 and granted unto the chancellor and fcholars of the univerfity of Oxford, bearing date the firfl day of April, in the fourteenth year ef his reign ; and the letters patent of Queen Elizabeth, made and granted unto the chancellor, tnajler, and fcholars of tbe> univerfity of Cambridge, bearing date the twenty fixth day of April, in the third year of her reign ; and also all other letters patent by any of her progenitors or predecejfors made to either of the corpora ted bodies of the faiduniverfities, and all manner of liberties, franchifes, immunities, guidances, and privilege s, view of frank pledge, law days, and other things, whatsoever they were, the which either of the faid cortorated bodies of the faiduniverfities had held, occupied, or enjoyed, or of right ought to have had, ufed, occupied, and enjoyed, were by authority of parliament in the thirteenth year of her reign, confirmed to the chancellor, mafiers, and fcholars of either of the faiduniverfities, and (heir fuccejfors, for the great love and favour that her faid Majesty bore towards her faid univerftties, for the great zeal and care that the lords and commons hadfor the maintenance of good and godly literature, and the virtuous education of youth, within either of the faid univerfities, and to the intent that the ancient privileges, liberties and franchifes, of either of the faid univerfities, granted, ratified, and confirmed by the Queen's highnefs, and her moft noble progenitors, might be had in greater efiimation, and be of greater force andfirength for the better incrcafe of learning, and the further Jupprejfing of vice, and whereas doubts have arifen or may arife, whether by any of the faid Utters patent,t liberties, franchifes, immunities, or privileges, or by any subsequent charter or charters, or by the laws and fiatutes of this realm, the chancellor of either of the faid univerfities, or the vice chancellor thereof, or bis deputy, or any otlxr perjon or persons,

14	be

eamh







no	Anno	decimo Georgh II. c. 19.	[1737

be fuffuiently impowered trcorreft, refirain, or fupprefs common players of interludes, fettled, refidtng, inhabiting within the precin&s of either of the faid univerfities,	wandering abroad:	and

whereas the ere ft ion of any playhoufe within the precinfts of either of the faid univerfities, or places adjacent, may be attended with great inconvehiencics *, may it pleafe your most excellent Majesty that it may be enabled, and be it enaded by the King’s most excellent Stage players majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-afting within tual and temporal, and commons, in this present pariiament af-5 miles of fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all persons fity tobetreaN whatsoever who shall for gain in any playhoufe, booth, or other-ed as vaga- ~ wife, exhibit any ftage play, interlude, (hew, opera, or other thea-bonds, 6cc.	trical or dramatical performance, or ad any part, or affift there-

in, within the precinds of either of the laid univerfities, or within five miles of the city of Oxford, or town of Cambridge, ftiall be deemed rogues and vagabonds; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the chancellor of either of the laid uni* verlities, or the vice chancellor thereof, or his deputy refpec-lively, to commit any such person to any houfe of corredion within either of the counties of Cambridge or Oxford refpedive-ly, there to be kept to hard labour for the space of one mouth, or to the common gaol of the city or county of Oxford, or town or county of Cambridge refpedively, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the lifee space of one month $ any liccpce of the chancellor, matters, and fcholars of either of the faid univerfities of Oxford or Cambridge, or any thing herein or in any other ftatute, law, cuftom, charter, or privilege, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Aft * Edw. 6. And whereas by an act made in the seventh year of the reign of #. f # * King Edward the Sixth, which prohibits all persons not licenfed according to the direftion of the faid aft to fell wine by retale, and permits no more than three taverns or wine fellers in the city of Oxford, and four taverns or wine fellers in the town of Cambridge, it was provided, That the faid aft, or any thing tnerein contained, fhould not in any wife be prejudicial or hurtful to any of the univerfities of Oxford and Cambridge, or to the chancellor or fcholars of toe fame, or their fuccejfors, cr any of them, to impair or take away any of the liberties, privileges, franchifes, jurifdiftions, powers, and authorities to them, or any of them appertaining, or belonging, but that they and every of them, and their fuccejfors, might have, hold, ufe, and enjoy, all their liberties, privileges, franchifes, jurifdiftions powers, and authorities, in such large and ample wife, as though the faid aft had never been made, fo always, that there Jhould not be any more or greater number of taverns kept or maintained ivithin any of the faid towns of Oxford or Cambridge, than might be lawfully kept and maintained by the provifion, true meaning and intent of the faid ftatute : and whereas by an act made in the t welfth year of the reign of c	King	Charles	the	Second,	intituled, an ad for the better ordering

c*i<!r*'	filing	of	wines	by	retale, and for preventing abufes in the

mingling, corrupting, and vitiating of wines, and for fetting and "limiting the prices of the fame, it was provided. That the 2	ftdd

X2I

*7370 Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 19.

faid aft, or any thing therein contained, Jhould not in any wife be prejudicial to the privilege of the two univerftties of this land, or either of them, nor to the chancellors or fcholars of the fame, or their fuccef-fors, but that they might ufe ana enjoy such privileges, as theretofore they had lawfully ufed and enjoyed: and whereas by an act made in the . ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne ,for charging certain new du- 9	*‘c

ties m ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and for other purposes, whereby, amongjl o}her things, several juties therein expre[fed are directed to be paidfor every piece of vellum or parchment, or Jheet or piece of papery on which Jhall be ingrojfed or written any licence for, relating of wine, or for felling of aloy beery or other excifcable liquors by retaky it was provided, That nothing in the faid aft contained jbeuld extend, or be conjlrued to extendy to prejudice any right the, two univerftties of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them body or claimed to have, to the licenfmg any tavernSy innSy or alehoufes’ within their several jurifdiftionSy but that the faid univerftties mighty from time to time, grant licences for any taverns, innSy and alehoufeSy within their several jurifdiftionSy fubjeft to the several duties afore-[aid, in as ample manner as they respectively might lawfully have granted the fame, if the faid aft had never been made : and whereas by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her faid Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An alt to enable such officers and fol-, i»Annae,fh 1. dim as have been in her  Majesty’s  service during the late war»c* *3* to cxercife trades, and for officers to account with their foldiers* it was providedy that neither the faid at1, nor an act made for the. like purpose in the tenth and eleventh years of King William the	W	'**

Thirdy Jhould in any wife be prejudicial to the privileges of the univerfities of Cambridge and Oxford, or either of them, or extendy to give liberty to any person to fet up the trade of a vintner, or to fell any wine or other liquors within the faid univerfitieSy without licence • firfi had and obtained from the vice chancellors of the fame respectively : and whereas by an act made in the lafl session of parliament, in-tituledy An alt for laying a duty upon the retalers of fpirituous 9Geo* »*c**3* liquors, and for licenfmg the retalers thereof, it was enaftedy That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thou-[and seven hundred and thirty fixy any person or pcrfons who had followed and exercifed the art or bufinefs of difiillation for seven years tben loft pafiy or had fervedy or on the twenty fifth day of March, one thoujand seven hundred and thirty ftXy were Jerving any appren-ticejhip to the fame, Jhould and might have full liberty and authority to exereije or follow any other trade y arty bufinefiy or manufacture in any city, tcwn9 or place, within that part of Great Britain called England 5 any law, charter, grant, cufiomy or ufage to the contrary notwithfianding: and whereas fince the making of the faid lafl mentioned aft, and under colour thereof, persons not licenjed by the chancellor, maflers, and fcholars of the faid univerfity of Cambridge, or by the chancellor or vice chancellor of the faid univerfity of Oxford, have exercifed and followed, or may exereije and follow, in the faid city of Oxford ana town of Cambridge, the trades of vintners or wine fellers, and mch evil-rule and diforder may be praftijed in taverns not fo licenjed, to the great annoyance of the faid chancellors,

mq/lers.



lit	Anho dedmdGEoRGit IL G.*9:	[173^

majltrs, and fcholars, and corruption of the youth educated in the faid unVverfilits% be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, A6t 9 Geo. *. That from and after the twenty nintn day of September, one not to affect thousand seven hundred and thirty feven, nothing in the faid of'he uhivw- ^ mentioned act contained (hail extend, or be- conflrued to fines.	extend,	to	prejudice	the	right	which	the chancellor, mafters,

and fcholars of the faid univerfity of Cambridge, or the chancellor or vice chancellor of the faid univerfity of Oxford, in the fight of the faid univerfity of Oxford refpedlively, claim of li-Cenfing taverns and other publick houfes within the precin&s Of either of the faid univerfities; but that the faid chancellor, matters, and fcholars of the faid univerfity of Cambridge, and the chancellor and vice chancellor of the faid univerfity of Oxford, in right of the faid univerfity of Oxford refpedtfvely, thill and may ufe and enjoy the faid right, as fully and freely as they might have ufed and enjoyed the fame, if the faid adfc had not been made; any thing in the faid aft contained to the contrary thereof in any Wife notwithstanding.

Diftillers, III. Provided always, That all and every person and persons who have followed and exercifed the art or bufinefs of dittilla-r tion for seven years, before the twenty ninth day of Septembers one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, or have ferved, or on the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, were ferving any apprenticdfhip to the fame, and who, fmee the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, have exercifed or followed in the faid town of Cambridge the trades of vintners of' wine fellers, without the licence of the chancellor, matters, and wine fel- and fcholars of the univerfity of Cambridge, shall have full li-^Mdrndcs°W ^>erty anc* authority to exercile or follow the faid trades of Vint* t 'eir tin cs ners or wine fellers in the faid town of Cambridge, fo as they and every of them on or before the twenty'fourth day of Juno next following, take out such licences, paying their proportion for the fame of the money ufually and annually paid by the vintners or wine fellers now licenfed by the faid chancellor, matters, and fcholars, and upon such terms, and fubjedt to fiich regulations, conditions, reftridhons, and power of revocation, as the faid vintners or wine fellers fo licenfed as aforesaid are fubjedt to; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary not* Withftanding.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au* thority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the (aid chancellor or vice chancellor of the faid univerfity of Oxford, or any other officer of that body, to receive or take, dircdtly of indi-redtiy, any fee, perquifite, gratuity, or reward, for granting such licences, as aforesaid ; nor shall any sum of money, fee, gratuity, or reward be hereafter paid to any person or persons for or in refpedt of such licences, other than such annual payments in like manner, and to the like ufes, as have been ufual in the univerfity of Cambridge; any law or cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

upon taking out licences.

No fee to be taken for licences.

 

I737-1 Anno decimo Georgii II. C.20J	123

V.	Provided always, That this ad, or any thing herein con- This ad not tained, shall not in any wife be conftrued to prejudice or con-

firm any of the liberties, privileges, franchifes, jurifididions* theVcityCof° powers, and authorities appertaining or belonging to the Oxford, mayor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the city of Oxford, or to any of them, but that they and every of them, and their fuc-ceflors, may have, hold, ufe, and enjoy all their liberties, privileges, franchifes, jurifdidions, powers, and authorities, in such large and ample wife as though this prefcnt ad had never been had or made.

VI.	And be it further enadea by the authority aforesaid, publick ad. That this ad shall be deemed k publick ad, and (hatl be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, juftices, and other persons whatsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XX.

An aB to enable tie magiftrates and town council of the burgh of Lanark, to repair and maintain their bridge over the river Clyd at Clydfhom, in the Jhire of Lanark*

WHEREAS by on 1ift pqffid in the parliament of Scotland the thirtieth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thou-fond seven hundred and three, intituled, An ad in favours of the burgh of Lanark, reciting that the burgh of Lanark had been at d vaft expence in building a bridge over the river Clyd, and that bp tea fen of the great repair, and the violent current of the water, it 4 would require frequent reparations, which the magijlrates of the find burgh were unable to do, it was enabled. That for enabling the faid magiftrates to maintain the faid bridge, the frueral tolls therein men-timed Jbould be granted to the magiftrates of the faid burgh for the space of nineteen years: and whereas the faid bridge hath been, and ftill is, of fo great ufe and  service to the neighbouring country in general, that notwithflanding the term granted by the faid aft expired in the year one thousand seven hundred and twenty two, yet the faid tolls have been voluntarily paid, till of late that fome pet-fins nave refufed to pay the fame: and whereas the annual expence of keeping the faid bridge in repair exceeds the yearly income of the tolls granted by the faid aft, and the maintaining and keeping in repair the faid bridge will be attended with a ccnjlant charge and expence to the faid town: and whereas the magiftrates of the faid burgh of Lanark are unable to repair and support the fame {their debts being already fo ’ large and the circumjlances of the community fo low) unlifs the faid former aft be revived, and the term and tolls thereby granted continued and enlarged\ may it therefore pleafe your mod excellent Majesty, upon the humble petition of the magiftrates and town council of the (aid burgh of Lanark, that it maybe enaded,&c«

This aft to be in force for 31 years*

£AP,

 CjOOQie

Fftamble.

Common-council to determine the number of officer*, and make orders lor the nightly watch,

Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 21,22.	[1737.

CAP. XXI.

 An act for making the chapel in the hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate, in the pariih of Towcefter, in the county of Northampton, a parith church, and for appointing a diftrift or pariih thereto, and for enabling the mailer of the free grammar, fchool within the faid hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate, to be vicar of the faid pariih church.

CAP. XXII.

An a£l for the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the city of London, and liberties thereof ; and for making more effectual the laws now in beings for paving and deanfing the Jlreets and fewers in and about the faid city.

WHEREAS the well ordering and regulating a watch in the night-time within the several wards in the city of London is of very great importance for the preservation of the persons and properties of the inhabitants thereof \ and very neceJJary to prevent fires, murders, burglaries, robberies, and other outrages and diforaers: and whereas by the laws now in being no effectual provi-fan is made for the ejlablijhing, ordering, or well governing of fucb a nightly watch > or for levying and colliding any Turns of money for defraying the necejfary charges thereof, and of the bedels who Jbau be appointed to take care of the fame\ for the effefting of which good purposes for the future, and to the end that a due application and juft account may be had and taken of the money which shall hereafter be levied and collected by virtue of this a61 for the purposes aforesaid, may it pleafe your mod excellent Ma-jefty, at the humble petition and defire of the mayor, alder* men, and commonalty of the city of London, in common coun« cil aflembled, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpirifual ana temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the mayor, aldermen, and commons of tne faid city in common council aflembled fhall, and they are hereby impower-ed and required between the first day of Oftober, one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven, and the twentieth day of November next following, and fo in every year enfuing between the first day of October and the twentieth day of November in each fucceeding year, to order and appoint what number of watchmen and bedels they shall judge neceflary and proper to be kept within each of Jthe several wards of the laid city and the liberties thereof, for one whole year commencing from the twenty fifth day of December next enfuing the faid order; and shall then and there direft how they ought to be armed, how long they are to watch, what wages and allowances shall be given to the faid watchmen and bedels for their attendance; and shall also order and direft what number of conftables shall ptt^nd every night in each refpe&ive ward; and shall make all

V

 LooQle

,25

1737*3 Anno dedmo Georgii II. C.22J

fuch other orders and regulations as the nature of each particular  service shall feem to them to require.

II. And for the better raising and levying of monies, for paying the wages of the faid watchmen and bedels and other charges incident thereto, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the faid city, in common council aflembled, every year as aforesaid,

(hall then and there and they are hereby authorized and im~ and to appoint powered to determine and diredt what fum and Turns of money rates,

Hull be raised and levied upon each refpective ward for anfwer-ing the purposes afprefaid; and for raising the faid several fums of money, to direct the alderman, deputy, and common council men of each and every of the refpective wards in the faid city of London and liberties thereof, or the major part of them, to make an equal rate and a(Te(Tment upon all and every the person and persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, or enjoy any land, houfe, (hop, warehoufe, or other tenement, within their refpective wards (regard being had in making the hid rate to the abilities of, and likewise to the rent paid, by, the faid several inhabitants and occupiers To to be rated and af-fcffcd) and the alderman, deputy, and common council men of each ward of the faid city, or the major part of them, are hereby authorized and required to make such rate and afleff-ment for their refpective wards in such manner and form as shall be fo directed by the faid court of common council; which tobecolledeA (aid rates or afleflments fo to be made, and all arrears due up- quarterly, on the fame, shall be collected quarterly from the several inhabitants or occupiers in each of the faid several wards by the several conftablcs for the time being of the several precincts, or by the bedels in each of the faid refpective wards, as the alderman, deputy, and common council men of each ward, or the major part of them, shall direct and appoint; and in cafe M any of the (aid inhabitants or occupiers shall refufe or negled nonpay meat, to pay the fum fo rated and aflefled upon him, her, or them, it mail and may be lawful to and for such collector or collectors by warrant under the hand and Teal of the lord mayor of the feud city for the time being, or the alderman of the ward wherein the premifles for which such inhabitants or occupiers shall be rated and afiefied shall be fituate (which warrant tho faid lord mayor or alderman is hereby authorized and required to grant upon oath made before him by the faid collector or collectors of the party or parties fo refufing or neglecting ta pay) to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of die party or parties fo neglecting or refufing; rendering to him, her, or them, the overplus (if any be,) tne rea-fonable charge of making the faid diftrefs and fale being first deducted; and for want of such diftrefs by like warrants to or imprifou: commit the party or parties fo neglecting or refufing to one of meuL~ the compters of the (aid city fpr the space of one month, or until payment thereof.

IIL Pro*



n6	Anno deeimo Gborgii II. c. 22.	[1737;

Appeal in cafe III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That in cafe of grievance, any person or persons shall think, him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any rate and afleflment to be made as aforesaid, it shall and maybe lawful for them refpedlively within the space of twenty days after the fum fo rated and afleffed fhaW be demanded, to appeal to the court of lord mayor and aldermen* whofc decifion shall be final and coriclufive.

Aldermen, IV. And be it further en'adled by the authority aforefeid, &c. of each That the alderman, deputy, and common council men of each ward to make ^ard within the faid city, or the major part of them whereof guladonswith" German or deputy to be one, shall within fourteen days an their re- after the number of watchmen shall have been fo appointed as fpetfive wards, aforesaid, aflembte at feme convenient place within their re-fpeftive wards yearly and every year; and shall nominate and trnoofe such boneft and able-bodied men, to be employed as watchmen within their refpecftive wards, as they shall think beft qualified for the service; and shall then order, and fet down in writing, at what (lands it is fit for the faid watchmen to be placed, and in what manner, and how often it shall be required of them to go their rounds; and shall then make such other orders and regulations concerning the watchmen and bedels, as the nature of each particular  service shall appear to them to reauire; and if any of the faid watchmen fo by them appointed (nail die within the time for which they are appointed to ferve, or shall be negligent in his or their duty, or guilty pf any mifbehaviour, or if it shall be found neceffary to repeal* amend, or alter any of the nominations, appointments, orders, or regulations by them made, it shall and may be lawful for the rcfpeftive aldermen, by and with the advice and confent of their refpeftive deputies and the common council men of each ward being convened by due notice, or the major part of thetn who shall be there present, at any intermediate times 6f the year, to remove any of the faid watchmen fo by them appointed, and to nominate and appoint one or more person or persons fitly qualified in the room and flead of him or them fo dying, or of him or them who shall he removed for mifbehaviour as aforesaid; and also to make such further orders and regulations for the better government* and direction of the faid watchmen and bedels within their refpedtive wards, as they shall think proper: provided. That such orders and regulations be not repugnant to the regulations and orders which Shall be made by the mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled.	'

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That a true copy or tranfeript as well of all the orders and regula-Copyofor-i ^ons made by the faid court of common council, as of all detr[&e. to such nominations, appointments, orders, and regulations, as b« given the shall be fo made from time to time as aforesaid for the better couftable*; direction and government of the watchmen and bedels by the aldermen, deputies, and common-council men of the faid re-ffce&ivc wards, shall be fairly written and figned by the alder-

6	mao

l737-] Anno decirao GxorgjI IL c. ti



man or his deputy, and the major part o£ the common cotm-k cil men of each ufard, and shall be delivered to all and every the conftables of the several precin&s within the faid re fpedive Their charge, wards; and that from and after the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven, one or more df the laid conftables of each of the faid wards, as shall be judged neceflary by the faid court of common council to be held as aforesaid, shall attend every night by turns, and (halt keep watch and ward within their refpe&ive wards, in manner fallowing; that is to fay, from the (aid twenty fifth day of December to the tenth day of March folk wing, from the hours of nine in the evening, till seven the next morning; and front thenceforth yearly and every year the faid Conftables shall attend from the tenth of March to the tenth of September, front the hours of ten in the evening till five the next morning; and from the tenth of September to the tenth of March, from nine in the evening till seven the next morning; and the faid con* ftables shall in their several turns or courfes of watching ufo their beft endeavours to prevent fires, murders, burglaries, robberies, and other outrages and diforders; and to that end Hull and they are hereby impowered and required to arreft and apprehend all night-walkers, malefactors, and fufpeCted per-fons, who shall be found wandering or mifbehaving themfelyes, and shall carry the person or persons who shall be fo apprehend^ cd, as foon as conveniently may be, before one or more ju-ftice or juftices of the peace of and for the (aid city, to be examined and dealt with according to law; and (nail twice or oftner at convenient times in every night go about their ro-foedtive wards, and take notice whether all the watchmen perform their duties in their several ftations, according to luch orders and regulations as shall have been made for that pur-pofe by the lord mayor, aldermen, and commons of the faid city in common council affembled, or by the aldermen, deputies, and common-council men of the refpeCbve wards; and in cafe any such watchman shall mifbehave himfelf, or negled his duty, the faid conftables, or one of them, (hall, as foon as conveniently may be, give notice thereof to the alderman, or his deputy, for the time being, of the ward to which such watchman shall belong, to the end that the alderman, deputy, and common-council men may be forthwith fummoned, for the cxan\ination and puniftiment of such offence.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. Penalty of to*. .That if any of the faid conftables shall wilfully neglect to attend for dottult. any night in his or their turn, to keep watch ana ward within their refpeftive wards, or shall not come to keep watch or ward at the refpe&ive hours appointed by this aft for his and their attendance thereon, or shall depart from or leave keeping watch and.ward during the refpeftive hours appointed by this ad for die keeping the Tame, or shall neglcft in any night of his and their watching to go about his and their refpeftive wards twice ai the lcaft in each pight of his ot their patching for the pur-

pof,

Watchmens

charge.

10I. Penalty on collectors refilling to

■a.

Collector's

duty.

Anno dedmo Georgii II. c.22.	Cf737*

pofe of this aft, or fhafl otherwise mifbehave himfelf or thetn-felves against the duty prefcribed to them by this aft, in each and every of the faid cafes the person or persons fo offending shall respectively forfeit the sum of twenty (hillings for every such offence.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the faid watchmen, or any of them, in the absence of the conftable, and they are also hereby authorized and required in their several Rations during the time of their keeping watch and ward as aforesaid to apprehend all night-walkers, malefactors, rogues, vagabonds, and all dif-orderly persons whom they shall find difturbing the publick peace, or shall have juft caufe to fufpeft of any evil defigns, and to deliver the person or persons fo apprehended, as foon as conveniently may be, to the conftable of the night, who is hereby required to carry him, her, or them, as foon as conveniently may be, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the faid city, to be examined and dealt with according to law*

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That if any of the persons who shall from time to time be directed and appointed collectors of the several rates and afTefTments to be made in purfuance of this aft, shall negleft or refufe to take upon him or them the faid office, or duly to execute the fame according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, he or they shall refpeftive-)y forfeit the sum of ten pounds, and shall continue liable to be appointed into the faid office again the year following; and in cafe of his or their refufal they shall be again liable to the like. penalties, as often as he or they shall renife to take upon him or them the faid office; and upon every such refufal of any person or persons fo to be appointed colleftor or colleftors as aforesaid, to take upon him or them the faid office, or in cafe of death after such appointment, it shall and may be lawful for the alderman, deputy, and common-council men of such ward, or the major part of them, to direft and appoint any other person or persons inhabiting in such ward, to be colleftor or colleftors in the room or ftead of such person or persons who shall fo refufe to take upon him or them the faid office, pr shall die after such appointment; and in cafe such person or persons fb direfted and appointed shall refufe to take upon him or them the faid office, he or they shall be liable to the like penalties as herein before are appointed for any conftable or bedels, who shall refufe to take upon him or them the faid office.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all and every the colleftor or colleftors of the rates and afTefTments aforesaid, of every ward, shall colleft the fame quarterly, and shall feverally enter in fome book or books to be by them respectively kept for that purpofe, the several fums which they shall from time to time receive on account of the faid rates and afTefTments, and likewise the names of the persons from whom, and the particular times when, they received the fame; which hook and hooks they shall at all convenient times produce

upon

 f^ooQle *

i737*]~ Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 22+	129

upon demand, and (hew to the deputy or deputies of their re-fpeCtive wards j and they Hull pay the money by them refpec-tively received on account of the (aid rates and affeffments into the hands of such deputy, as he or they shall receive the fame, and in such manner as that such collector shall never have a fum exceeding live pounds fo collected at one time in his or their hands by the space of five days; and if any of the faid collectors shall negleCt to make such entries, or shall refufe to produce and (hew to the deputy of their refpeCtive wards the book or books hereby directed to be by them refpeCtively kept for ’ the purposes aforesaid (the fame having been demanded,of them) or it any of them Ihall keep or retain in his or their hands more than the faid fum of five pounds longer than five days; in each and penalty and every the faid cales the person or persons fo offending shall on default. refpeCtively forfeit the sum of forty (hillings for every such offence ; and on payment of every such sum of money into the hands of such deputy of each ward, such collector or collectors shall take a receipt for the fame from the faid deputy, in which receipt shall be fpecified and exprefled the name of such collector or collectors, the fum paid, and the name of the precinCt and ward wherein the money hath been collected; and the refpeCtiye deputies for the time being shall be obliged, and he and (hey is and are hereby required, to give such receipt without fee or reward; and such receipts shall by the collector or collectors be produced to the alderman of the ward, at the time he and they	;

(hall fettle and adjuft his and their yearly account and accounts, and shall by the faid alderman be taken and allowed as a full and fufficient difcharge for all and every such fum and fums of money such collectors shall have received and paid to such deputies refpeCtively as aforesaid; and the faid several collectors shall within twenty days next after the end of every three months after their feverally taking upon themselves the faid office of a collector produce and deliver to the alderman of the faid ward, or such person as he shall appoint to receive the fame, the book and books in which they entred the fums by them feverally received on account of the faid rates; and shall at the fame time give and deliver to the faid alderman, or such person as he shall appoint to receive the fame, a true account in writing of all such persons as shall have negleCted or refufed to pay the faid rates and afieffinents, to the intent that the fame may afterwards be recovered and levied.

X.	And to the end that the payment of the faid rates and Pcrfont not affeffments for the purposes aforesaid may be effectually enforc- paying the cd, be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That every rates, incapa-freeman of London liable to pay the rates and affeffments afore- at cieaioiu,^ faid, who shall have negleCted or refufed to pay the faid rates and afieffinents to the person or persons authorized and impow-ered to colleCt and receive the fame (the fame having been !awr fully demanded) or shall have defired to be excufed from paying such rates and afieffinents, shall be under the fame incapacity of toting at elections within the faid city of London^ as any person Vot. XVII.	K	or



130*	Aono	decimo	Gjeorgii IT. t. «.	[173^'

or persons now is or are, who do not pay their fcot and lot to: the several yearly rates and taxes, to which the citizens of Lon- i don are at thistime liable.

Deputy’* XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, charge. That the deputy of each ward of the (aid city for the time being shall and may, and he is hereby authorized and required to pay ail and Angular the orders and draughts on him to be made by the alderman of such ward, with the advice of the major part of the common-council men of each ward refpedtively, in dif-charge of the watchmen and bedels, and other incident charges in relation to fhe watching of such ward, in purfuance of this a<ft; and the faid refpe&ive deputies of the wards for the time being, shall and are hereby required to keep regular and plain entries, in a botfk to be for that purpose by them feverallv provided, of all and Angular the receipts and payments they (halt make on account of the nightly watch and bedels within their refpedHve wards as aforesaid, and other charges incident thereto ; which books shall be produced yearly at the wardmote in each ward, if required: and also that the deputies refpeitively for the time being shall have the fame account audited and palled between the Arft day of February and the first day of March yearly, by the alderman and the major part of the common-council men of each ward, in which the money fo to be accounted for shall be collected.

Lord TcaffOTr XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, or jultice* of That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord mayor for ti^offence*0 t*me being* or anytwo or more juftices of the peace for the againfttki*a&, kid city* t0 heai* *nd determine any of the offences, which are * made lubject to and punilhable by any pecuniary penalties di-redted to be levied by this adl: and the faid lord mayor, or such juftices of the peace, are hereby authorized and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, within ten days after such offence committed, to fummon the party or parties accufed, and the wimeffes on either fide; ahd in cafe the faid party or parties accufed (ball not appear on such fummons (and after oath made of the commiffion of any the offences above-mentioned by one or more credible witnets or witneffes) to iffue a warrant or warrants for apprehending the party or parties offending in the faid city of Lon~ dm; and upon the appearance of the party or parties accufed, or his or their contempt in not appearing, upon the proof of notice given, to proceed to the examination of the witness or witnesses upon oath (which oath he or they are hereby authorized, impowered, and required to adminifter) and to give such judgment, fentence, and determination, as shall be juft and conformable to the tenor and true meaning of this act; and where the party or parties accufed shall be convicted of such offence cither upon such information as aforesaid, or on confeflion ot the party or parties accufed, it shall and may be lawful for such lord mayor or juftices, to iffue a warrant or warrants for levying the pecuniary penalties and forfeitures fo adjudged on the goods

and to levy penalties bv diftrtfs.



*73F:] Aono dteimo GeoKoii’II. c. 22.	/iji

/jaad chattels of the offender, tor offenders, and to eaufe fale to be made thereof* in cafe they shall not be redeemed in five days, ^ rendering tothe ^arty or parties the overplus (if any there be after •dedudtng (the reafonable charges of such diftrefs and fale) upon demand; and in cafe any'perfon or persons shall be fo coopted as aforesaid, and no goods or chattels of such person or persons fo offending can at the time of such convidion be found, then and in such cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord mayor or juftices- of the peace before whom such person or persons fhafi be convicted as aforesaid, to commit such offender or offenders to the houfe of corredion, there to he kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding the space of three months, or until such pecuniary penalty or penalties shall be paid.

XUI. Provided nevertheless. That it shall and may be law- or negate fol tp and for such lord mayor or juftices of the peace, from them* time to time (where they fee caufe) to mitigate, compound, or Jeflcn any of the faid forfeitures or penalties as he or they in their discretion shall think fit (fo as such mitigation do not extend to remit above one moiety of the penalty or penalties in-fiided and direded to be levied by this ad) and eveiy such mU tigation shall be a fufficient difeharge to the person offending re* ipedively, for fo much of the faid penalty or forfeiture as (ball be fo leffened, mitigated, or remitted.

XIV.	Provided alfo, That if any person or persons shall find Appeal to th« him, her, or themselves aggrieved, or remain unfatisfied in the quarter fef-judgment of the (aid lord mayor, or juftices, then such person fionl* or persons fihall and may by virtue of this ad complain or appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next quarter sessions to be held for the faid city of London* who are hereby empowered and required to fummon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in cafe of convid-ion to ifliie a warrant or warrants for levying and compelling by fech means as aforesaid the payment of the bid penalties and forfeitures.

XV.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore* Penalties how faid, That all the penalties to be levied by virtue of this ad shall bc appl**^ be .paid and applied in manner following; that is to fay, one moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform and profecute for the feme, and the other moiety to the alderman of the ward where such offence shall be committed, to be by him paid and applied for and towards defraying the charges and ex* peaces of the nightly watch and bedels and other charges incident thereto within such ward.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That in Deficiency in cafe there shall be any deficiency in any one year’s rate or afleff- rat« how to ment fo to:be made as aforefaia in any of the wards within the b<Mupplied, (aid city or liberties thereof, either by houfes, (hops, warehoufes, buildings* or othertenements being empty, or by the infolvency or removal of any of the inhabitants, tenants, occupiers, or o-therwife, for which or upon whom such rates and affeflments are

K %	re-



ttfl

how to be af-ftt/Ted.

Anno decimo Georgii II. c.ai.	[1737.

refpeftively charged or chargeable by this aft, fo that the wage* and allowances to watchmen and bedeU and other incident charges cannot be fully fatisfied, paid, and discharged in that year ; then and in such cafe the deficiency fo happening in the (aid ward shall be paid out of the next fucceeding year’s rate and aflefiment; and if there shall happen to be any furplus money collected by such rates and afiefiments as aforesaid in any of the faid wards in any one year, such furplus shall be carried on to the credit of the account of the next year’s rate and aflefihterit^ and shall be applied for such ufes, ana in such manner, as the rates and afiefiments collefted in such ward are by this aft directed to be laid out and applied, and to no other ufe or pun-pofe whatsoever.

XVII.	And whereas many houfes in feverd of the wards of the faid city are by the several landlords or owners thereof let out in lodgings or tenements to divers tenants, whereby it will be difficult to rate and affefs such houfes, or to recover such rates and ajj'ejfments when made; for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority

Houfes let out aforesaid. That from and after the twenty fifth day of December, rn lodgings _ which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hun*-dred and thirty feven, it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of each refpeftive ward, by and with the confent of his deputy and common council men, or the major part of them, from time to time and at all times when they are direftf-ed by the lord mayor, aldermen, and commons of the faid city, in common council aflembled, to make any rate and aflefiment on the inhabitants of their refpeftive wards, to rate and aflefe the owner or owners of all luch houfes or tenements as shall be let to or occupied by three or more tenants; which rate and af-fefifment shall be paid by one or more of the occupiers of any part or parts of such houfes; and in cafe any occupier or occupiers of any part of such houfes or tenements shall refufe to pay the fame, then the faid rate and aflefiment shall be levied by d»-ftrefs and fale of the goods of him, her or them fo refuting to pay the fame; which diftrefs and fale shall be made in like manner as diftrefles and fales of the goods of other parties neglefting or refufing to pay the rates and afiefiments impofed and direfted to be impofed by virtue of this aft are direfted to be made ; and such occupier and occupiers of such tenements are,hereby required and authorized to pay such fum and fums of money as shall be fo rated, impofed, or afiefied on the owner or owners thereof in purfuance of this aft, and to deduft the fame out of the rent thereof; and the landlord or owner or owners thereof are hereby required to allow such deduftions and payments upon receipt of the refidue of their rents; and every tenant paying such aflefiment or afiefiments shall be acquitted and discharged for fo much money as the faid aflefiment or afiefiments shall amount unto, as it the fame had been aftually paid to such per-fon or persons to whom his, her, or their rent (hould have been* due or payable.

XVIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and declared*

Perfom rated



1737-] Anno declmo Georgii II. c. 22.	133

dared. That no person or persons, who <fhall be rated and af- not liahle to fcfled and pay to any rate and affeffment to be made in purfu-any watca* ance of this ad, shall be liable to any watch or ward by virtue of the ftatute commonly called The ftatute of Winchefter, made in the thirteenth year of King Edward the First, or any other subsequent ftatutes relating thereto, but shall be and are hereby discharged of and from the fame.

XI XT And whereas by an a ft of parliament made and paffed in A£t»» & the twenty fecond and twenty third years of the reign of his late ma- Car. a. c. 17. jefty King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the better paving and deanfing the ftreets and fewers in and about the city of London, it is enafted (amongfl other things) That from thenceforth the foie power and authority of orderings defigning, and regulating of the pitching and paving all the Jlreets, lanes, and paffages whatsoever within the faid city and liberties, with the order and manner thereof* fimld be and remain in the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of the faid city, to be executed by such persons as by the faid mayor, aider-men, and commons, in common-council ajfembled, Jhould be appointed,

Or by any seven or more of them, being all members of the faid court 5 and it is also thereby further enafted. That for the better enabling the faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens, to perform the works by the faid Jlatute appointed to be done, and for defraying the charge thereof, tt jhould be lawful for the faid persons Jo to be authorized, or any seven of them, as often as need Jhould be, to impofe any reafonable tax or ajfeffment, as well upon the tenants and occupiers, as also upon the owners of houfes,Jbops, or other tenements or hereditaments, whereof there Jhould be no present occupier, to be levied by dijlrefs and fdle of the goods of the parties refuftng or neglefting to pay, as by the faid Oft more fully may appear; but inafmutb as it frequently happens, that no dijhrefs can be found upon ground, houfes, Jhops, or tenements, that lie vacant or untenanted, whereby the necejfary taxes or ajfejf-rnnts for paving the Jlreets, lanes or paffages, lying before such vacant ground, houfes, Jhops or tenements, cannot be levied, by reason whereof such part of the faidJlreets, lanes, and paffages often remains unpav-ti, to the great nufance of the publick; for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the Afleflments twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and grounds1* thirty feven, it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid per- &c. how to’bt fona now authorized, or hereafter to be authorized, by virtue of made, the faid ftatute as aforesaid, or any seven or more of them, to order such parts of the refpedive ftrects, lanes and paffages, as lie before such vacant or untenanted ground, houfes, (hops, or tenements, as often as need shall be, to be well and fufficienN ly paved, cleanfed, and amended, and to impofe such tax or afleffinent on the owner or owners thereof, as shall be necef-(ary for the doing the fame; all which taxes and affeffments shall be paid, for and upon the account of such owner or owners thereof, by him, her or them, who shall from time to time be the next and first occupier or occupiers of such ground, houfes, (hops, or tenements, after the making or impofing such tax or aflefiraent: and m cafe such occupier or occupiers (hall

K3	refufo



134	Anna dcdtnaGeorgii II; C*22*	[1737.

v	refufe to pay the fame, then the feid taxes and afleflinems (hall

be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of hint, her, or them, fo refilling to pay the fame : which diftrclf and fiile shall be made in such manner as diftrefics and Tales thereof are directed to be made by the faid ftatute; and all and eveiy filch first pccupier and occupiers are hereby required and authorized to pay such fum and Turns of money, as shall be fo t$ted» bnpofed, or afieiTed on the owner or owners of such ground, houfes, (hops, or tenements, in purfuance of this aft, and to deduft the Tame out of the rent thereof; and the landlord or landlords, or owner or owners thereof, are hereby required^ to allow such dedoftion$ and payments upon receipt of the refidue of their rents; and every tenant paying such taxes or afiefiinents shall be acquitted and discharged for To much money, as the faid taxes or afleflments shall amount unto, as if the lame bad been aftually paid to Tuch person or perlons, to whom his, her, or their rent Ihould have been due or payable, i t XX. And, to the end that all and every the pavements Tying Wore any vacant or untenanted ground, houie, (hop, or tenement, in any of the ftreets, lanes, or paflages, may from tkne to time be effeftually amended; be it further enacted by the authority aforefeid, That the chamberlain of the faid city for Taxes on va- the time being, shall pay all and every the taxes and adefiinents wkich shall be impofed or aflefled upon the owner or owners of out of thecTty vacant or untenanted ground, houfes, (hops,"or tenements, ca(h, 7 during the time the fame shall Tq continue vacant or untenanted, out of the city ca(h; but in cafe after fuch.payment by the (aid chamberlain any of the faid taxes or afleflinents shall be paid and repaid by or levied by or upon the tenant or tenants thereof, who (half af-the next oc- terwards occupy the feme, then and in every such cafe, the fame cupiers, 'flaall forthwith be repaid into the chamber of the laid city.

XXL And whereat from the great increaje of coaches, carts, and •	ether carriages, and their frequent pajjing tnrougb the flreots, lanes,

and pajfages of the faid city, it is become necejjary for the fafety and convenience of all persons paffing within the faid city, that pofis Jhould he fet up in many Jireets, lanes, and other pajfages, where now there are none, to preferve a foot-paffage; be it therefore further enaft-Fofeto be fet ed by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty up for foot- fourth day of June, one thoufend seven hundred and thirty fe-palfrge*. ven, it shall and may be lawful for the faid persons authorized and to be authorized as aforesaid, or any seven of them, to order, defign, and fet up pods in all or any tKe ftreets, lanes, and paflages whatsoever, where need shall be, within the feid city and liberties, to preferve foot-paflages; which power shall be exercifed in the feme manner as the power veiled in them by the faid ftatute. For the better paving and deanfmg the fireets and fewer s in and about the faid city; and for enabling them to execute and perform the works laft mentioned and appointed to be done, it shall also be lawful for them, or any seven of them, to make such taxes and affcflments as shall be reaibnable, to be charged #i}d levied in the feme manner as the other taxes and affeffraents

may



J35

1737.] Anno deelmo Gbowjii Ih c. 23, 24.

mar be and are dire&ed to be charged and levied by the afore-laid ftatute, or by fo much of this prefect ad as relates to the paving of the faid flreets, and in as full and ample manner to all intents and purposes whatsoever as if the fame was herein particularly recited.

’ XXII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefcid, Limitation of That if any adion or fuit shall be brought or commenced a- a on#* gainll any person or persons for any matter «or thing to be done m purfuance of this ad, then and in such cafe the adion or fuit lhall be brought or commenced within fix months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the city of London, and not effewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such adion or fuit to be brought lhall and may plead the general iflue, and give this ad and the fpecial Ocneral iflue. matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the \

Jlaintiff or plaintiffs lhall become nonfuited, or difeontinue his, ' er, or their adion or adions, fuit or fuits, or if upon demurrer	4

judgment lhall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the de-	^

fendant or defendants lhall and may recover treble colls, and Treble cofts. have such remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes by law.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Publkk ad. That this ad shall be deemed, adjudged, add taken to be a pub-lick ad, and. be judicially taken notice of as such by aH judges, juftices, and other persons whatsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

cap. xxra.

An act for explaining, and amending, and making more effedual several ads of parliament made in the fourth, fixth and tenth years of the reign of his late majeity King George the Fir ft, refpedively, for repairing the (ereral roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Surrey, Kent and Suflex; and for enlarging the terms and powers by the faid ads granted ; and for repairing the road lying between Nonefuch and Worcefter * parks, in the parifli of Cuddingtoo, in the faid county of Surrey.

Tbe a&s ate continued from a5 March 1761, for 15 years \ and the tolls increafa «L Continued by 25 Geo. 2. c. 51.

CAP. XXIV.

 An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an ad palled in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled,. An act for repairing and 'widening the road leading from the Black Bull Inn in Dunftablc in the county of Bedford, to the 'way turning out of tbe faid road up to Sbafford Houfe in the county of Hertfordj and for preventing the driving of cattle through private grounds and paflages, to avoid the payment of the toll charged upon cattle by an ad of the first year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, For repairing the roads from South Mims to Saint Albans, in thefaid county of Hertford.

Who# is further continued fir 21 years. Continued by 24 Geo. a. c. 10.

K*

CAP. /;



iChno ddeinio GeorGii II. c.25,26.	[	1737.

CAP. XXV.

4n a Cl for the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents* in the parijh of Saint Andrew, Holbourrt, in the county of Middlesex.

WHEREAS Ihe well ordering and regulating a nightly watch and bedels within the liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, in the partjh of Saint Andrew, Holbourn* in the county of Middlesex, is of great importance for the preferva-tion of the persons and properties of the inhabitants thereof and very necefjary to prevent, as well the mifehiefs which may happen from firesy as murders f burglaries, robberies and other outrages and dij-orders: and whereas by the laws now in being no effectual provifion is made for the ejlablijhingy ordering, and well governing such nightly watch and bedels within the faid dijlritf, for levying and collecting any fums of money for defraying the necejfary charges thereof or for enforcing a due application and jvjl account of any money fo levied find collected for that purpofe: for remedy of the aforesaid incon-veniencies* may it pleafe your most excellent Majesty, that it may be ena&ed, &c.

.Truftees to be elefted; to appoint watchmen, bedels, and their wages, and the pound rate to be made. Copies of orders, See. to be riven to the conftables, &c. Truftees to make afleflments and appoint colleftort. Appeal, in cafe of grievance, to be made to the quarter-fefliohs. Affeflments npt to exceed 66. per pound of the yearly rent. Perfons paying the rates not intitled to fettlements, &c. An account of the monies collefted, to be regift red, Sec. Perfons hereby rated discharged from watch and ward.

CAP. XXVI.

 An act for relief of infolvent debtors. EXP.

Sheriffs and gaolers to deliver a lift of their prisoners, See. to the juftices* &c. To be kept by the clerk of the peace. Perfons inserted in the lefts, and prisoners, mall be discharged. They are to deliver in a fcheduleof tbeir eftates, See. on oath. Schedule vefted in the clerk of the peace, who is to cflign it to the creditors, to be divided among the creditors. Juftices who grant warrants for bringing prisoners to the quarter-feffions, shall give notice to be ferved on the creditors. Prifoners to give like notice to the creditors, and publick notice in the Gazette, 30 days before feffions. The prisoner’s oath not being dil'proved, Sec. the juftices are to difehargehim. Debtors having ferved an apprenticefhip, or employed in any trade, or in the fea service, and aftually beyond fea, may furrender themfelves, and be intitled to the benefit of the aft, but fubjeft to the fame rellriftions as the other prisoners. Prifoner forfwearing himfelf, guilty of felony. Pri-foner discharged for debts before 1 Jan. 17*6. shall not De imprifoned for the fame again. Perfons discharged may plead generally in difeharge of their persons from execution. Plaintiff may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded. Not to extend to Scotland. Debtors in gaols only fpr fees, discharged. Not to difeharge debtors to the crown, or owing above 5001. to one perfon; but creditor to allow 3s. 6d. per week for hts maintenance. Difeharge* to be obtained before 1 January, or excluded. Difeharge obtained fraudulently, void. Creditors may compel debtors who choofe to continue in prison to give an account upon oath of their effefts. Sec. on 30 days notice in tl?e Gazette. Such prisoners to be examined as the reft. Prifoners upon proceftes out of courts of confcience to have the

bene-

137

benefit of the aft. Bankrupts not obtaining a certificate of difcharge, See. not benefited hereby.

CAP. XXVII.

 An act for laying a duty upon appks imported from foreign parts j and for continuing an aft pajfed in the fourth year of the reign of bis present Majesty, For granting an allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpowder ; and for taking off the drawback upon exportation of foreign paper •, and for the better fecuring the payment of the bounty on the exportation of British made fail cloth ; and for giving further time for the payment of duties o-mitted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of clerks and apprentices.

WHEREAS great frauds are and have been committed in the prCambie.

importation of apples from foreign parts to the diminution of bis Majesty's revenue, in regard the fame are an unrated commodity, and now fubjeft to and paying a duty ad valorem only upon the oath of the importer; we your Majesty’smoft dutiful and loyal fubjefts the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it .enafted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the faipe, That there shall be raifed, levied, anfwered and paid unto and for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccef-fors, for and upon all apples, which at any time or times after the twenty fourth day or June^ one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven, shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all cuftoms, fubfidies and duties already impofed thereon, an additional duty to be reckoned affer the rate of two (hillings for every bulhel, and fo proportionally Additional for a greater or lefs quantity,, to be ’paid down in ready money p^bufhcl** by the importers from time to time before the landing of the fame ^	1

refpeftively.

ll. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the how to be le-Jaid additional duty upon apples imported shall be raifed, levied, vied andap-recovered, and paid, and be brought into his  Majesty’s exche- phe4* quer, and applied (except the neceflary charges of management thereof) by such rules, ways, means, and methods, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and in such manner and form, as the other duties upon apples imported, or any of them, are by any aft or afts of parliament prefcribed or appointed to be Taifed, levied, recovered, anfwered, paid and applied.

III.	And whereas an aft paffed in the fourth year of the reign of Aft of 4 bisprefent Majesty y intituled,  An act for granting an allowance up- Geo-. *•*9-on the exportation of British made gunpowder, is near expiring, ^v”^nue^tor which aft hath been found very ufeful and beneficial to his Majesty's Contmud by trading fubjefts \ be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, *4Gco.*.c.5».

That

j$S	AnnodccimoGEORGii	II.	Cly,	1^737-

That the hud lad mentioned aft, and ail and every the authorities, powers, and claufes therein contained, shall be and continue in full force, and shall be executed, from and after the expiration of the term thereby granted, for and during the further term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, in as full and ample manner as . if the fame were again repeated and re-enafted in the body of this present aft.

IV.	And whereas the drawbacks allowed upon the exportation of foreign paper tend to the great difeouragement of the manufacture of paper within the kingdom ^Great Britain; be it therefore enadted

No drawback by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth per export^" ^ June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven, there ***	™	‘ shall not be allowed or made on the re-exportation of anv fo-

reign paper any drawback or repayment of any of the customs . or duties charged and paid on the importation thereof into this kingdom by any aft or afts of parliament; any law, cuftona, or ufage to the contrary thereof in anv wife notwithstanding.

V.	And whereas the making of fail cloth in Great Britain is greatly increafed, and hath given a comfortable futport and maintenance to many of bis Majesty's fubjefts employed therein, from the great encouragements given thereto by parliament; videlicet, by laying an additional duty of one penny per ell upon the importation of foreign made fails and Jail cloth, and taking off the drawback on the exportation thereof and bp admitting rough or undrejl flax (of which Jail cloth is ufually made) to be imported free of au duties, and by giving

. a reward or recompence of two pence for every ell of British made fail cloth or canvas, fit for or mafic into failsy exported by way of merchandize, payable out of the fold additional duty of one penny per ell on foreign made fails and fail cloth imported; and forafmtuh as in many ports of this kingdom, from which British made fail doth is exported, there is not fo much money collided and received for the find additional duty of one penny per ell,. as is or may be fujficient to pay the Jaid reward or recompencey whereby the exporters at such ports are under great difeouragement, and cannot have the benefit of the faid reward or ncompence as in other ports y where such reward or re-compence is duly paid; for remedy thereof, b$ it enacted by the Reward due authority aforesaid. That if the colleftor of the customs in any of Arri^fait Port kingd°m shall not have fufficient money in his hands cloth how to	by	the	faid additional duty of one penny per ell, to fatis-

be paid,in cafe fy ana pay such reward or recompence, as is or shall be due to the collectors ^ny exporters of British made fail cloth or fails as aforesaid, that havenotfuf- fQ,ch colleftor shall give to the person intitlcd to such reorient money. ward or recompence a certificate under his hand attefted by the comptroller, of what is due to such person for such British fail cloth or fails fo exported, certifying to the commiffioners of tne customs at London or Edinburgh refpeftively, that he bath not > ^	money in his hands on the branch aforesaid fufiicient to pay the

’	fame; which certificate being affixed to or wrote upon the de-

benture for the fame, and being produced to the faid re(peftive ComaiUTtoncifs, they are bq$by authorized and required on demand



*39

*737-] Anna decfcno Georg n II. c. vj.

mand by the person who shall bring the fame, to caufe the monies thereby due to be, paid in three months by the refpeCtive receivers general or cafhiers of the ctiftoms, out of such monies as are or shall be in their hands, jrifing by the additional duty of pr\c penny per ell as aforefeid*

VJ. And for the relief of any perlbn or perrons, who through negleCt or inadvertency have omitted to pay the several rates and duties, or any part thereof upon monies given, paid, contracted ot agreed tor, with or in relation to any cferk, apprentice or fcrrant, which hath been put or placed to or with afriy matter or diiftrefc to learn any prqfeffion, trade or employment, and to have such indentures or other writings, which shall contain the covenants, articles, contracts or agreements relating to the fer-vice of such clerk, apprentice or fervant, ftampt within the times by the-feveral aCts Or parliament for thofe purposes refpeCtively limited, or who have also in like manner omitted to infert and

write in words at length in such indentures or other writings as aforesaid, thfc full fum or fums of money, or any part thereof received, or in any wife direCtly or indirectly given, paid, agreed or contracted for, with, or in relation to eveiy such clerk, ap-

Srentice, or fervant as aforesaid; be it enaCtea by the authority forefaid. That upon payment of the rates and duties upon mo-trie*, or such part of fucb monies, fo negleCted or omitted to he^“|*r^r®r paid as aforesaid, on or before the twenty fourth day of	prentices,’&cT

Oiie thousand seven hundred and thirty feven, to such person or Sarfons to whom the fame ought to be paid, and tendering the Bud indentures or other writings, to be ftamped at the Tame time, or zt any time on or before the twenty ninth day of Sep-{ember ^ one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven, of which timely notice is Jo be given in thz London Gazette, the fame indentures, or other writings, shall be good and available in law or equity, and may be given in evidence in any court whatfoe-ver; and the clerk, apprentice, or fervant therein named, shall Be capable of following and exercifing their refpeClive intended trades dr employments, as folly as if the faid rates and duties fo omitted had been duly paid, and the full fum or fums received or Agreed for as aforesaid had been inferted; and the perfon* who Jwve incurred any penalties by the omiflions aforesaid, shall be*. * acquitted and difehareed of and from the faid penalties; any thing in this or the faid former aCh to the contrary in any wife notwitbftanding.

CAR

 (^.ooQle

I4<*

Anno decimo GeorgiiII. c.28.	t>737*

C AP. XXVIII.

 An act to explain and amend much of an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled,  An act for reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, fturdy beggars, and vagrants, into one aft gf parlia^ ment; and for the more effeftual punishing such rogues, vagabonds, fturdy beggars, ana vagrants, and lending them whither they ought to be fent, as relates to common players of interludes.

^	¥T7'HERE AS	by an aft of parliament mad

/O-70 -v	°f ^e reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled. An

//i A-/i	aft for reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, fturdy

/ '* v~Qc-eC~	beggars, and vagrants, into one aft of parliament; and for the

/. fh n	more effeftual punishing such rogues, vagabonds, fturdy beg-

^ /	gars, and vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be

.	lent, it was enafted, That all persons pretending tbemfefves to be

yfi y.	patent gatherers or	collecto for , gaols, or and

ft ^	wandering abroad for that	all fencers, bearwards, common

players of interludes, and other persons therein named and exprejpd,

/	Jhall be deemed rogues and vagabonds: and whereas fome doubts nave

arifen concerning fo much of the faid aft as relates to common players of interludes: now for explaining and amending the fame, be it declared and enacted by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords spiritual and tero-

Coral, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and ^__________6 y the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty

plays, &c. in fourth day of any place where they have not af:t-tlement, or without au~ thority, & c.

we,

one thousand seven hundred and thirty fe-ven^fi^ery person who (hall, for hire, gain, or reward, aft, re-prefentT^Sl* perform* or caufe to be afted, reprefented, or performed, any interlude, tragedv, comedy, opera, play, farce, or other entertainment of the ftage, or any part or parts therein cafe such person shall not have any legal fettlement in the

in.

place ,where the fame shall be afted, reprefented, or performed, without authority by virtue of letters patent from his Majesty, his heirs, fucceflors or predeceflors, or without licence from the lord chamberlain of his  Majesty’s houfhold for the time being, shall be deemed to be a rogue and a vagabond within the intent and^rneaning of the faid recited aft, and shall be liable and to be deemed fubjeft to all such penalties and punifhments, and by such me-vagabonds, thods of conviftion, as are inflifted on or appointed by the faid aft for the punilhment of rogues and vagabonds who shall be found wandering, begging, and mifordering themfelves, within the intent and meaning of the faid recited aft.

II, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person having or not having a legal fettlement as aforesaid (hall, without such authority or licence as aforesaid, pft? reprefenr, or perform, or caufe to be afted, reprefented, or performed, for hire, gain, or reward, any interlude, tragedy,

9	9onje-



*4*

comedy, opera, play, farce, or other entertainment of the

or any part or parts therein, every fueh person shall for ....	,

every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and in-cafe 20	1,*5°

the laid fum of fifty pounds shall be paid, levied, or recovered, such offender shall not for the famd offence fuffer any of the pains or penalties inflidted by the faid recited adt.

HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No new plays. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June* one or additionsto thousand seven hundred and thirty feven, no person shall for old ones, to be hire, gain, or reward, adt, perform, reprefent, or caufe to be * c adfed, performed, or reprefented, any new interlude, tragedy, beient totbd comedy, opera, play, farce, or other entertainment of the ftage, chamberlain,’ or any part or parts therein; or any new adi, feene, or other &c* part added to any old interlude, tragedy, comedy, opera, play, furce, or other entertainment of the ftage, or any new prologue, or epilogue, unless a true copy thereof be fent to the lord chamr berlain of the King’s houihold for the time being fourteen days at leaft before the adting, reprefenting, or performing thereof, together with an account of the playhoufe or other place where the lame shall be, and the time when the fame is intended to be first adted, reprefented, or performed, (igned by the mafter or manager, or one of the mafters or managers of luch playhoufe, or place, or company of adtors therein.

Iv. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the (aid twenty fourth day of June% one thousand fe-ven hundred and thirty feyen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the (aid lord chamberlain for the time being, from time to time, and when, and as often as he shall think fit,, to prohibit the adting, performing, or reprefenting, any interlude, tragedy, comedy, opera, play, farce, or other entertainment of the ftage, or any aft, feene, or part thereof, or any prologue, or epilogue; and in cafe any person or persons shall for hire, gain, or reward, * Lj adt, perform, or reprefent, or caufe to be adted, performed, or ^ prohfbi-reprefented, any new interlude, tragedy, comedy, opera, play, tion. See. to farce, or other entertainment of the ftage, or any adt, feene, forfeit 5o1.# or part thereof, or any new prologue or epilogue, before a copy ****thcir thereof shall be fent as aforesaid with such account as aforesaid, cencc* or shall for hire, gain, or reward, adt, perform, or reprefent, or caufe to be adted, performed, or reprefented, any interlude, tragedy, comedy, opera, play, farce, or other entertainment of the ftage, or any adt, feene, or part thereof, or any prologue or epilogue, contrary to such prohibition as aforesaid; every per*

(on fo offending shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and every grant, licence, and authority (in cafe there be any fuch) by or under which the faid mafter or mafters or manager or managers fet up, formed, or continued such play* houfe, or such company of adtors, shall ceafe, determine, and become abfolutely void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

V.	Provided always. That no person or persons shall be au- Ho pjtyf t<r

thorized by virtue of any letters patent from his Maiefty, his be adted but

heirs, fuccefiors or predsceffors, or by the. licence of the lord in Weftmin-

rhany. *^Or places





*4%

of hi* Ma-jetty's refi*

ttoate.

tQbe,recover-

^.*c, . .

Pcrfons afting in publick houfes included in this aft.

Bimlrftloa of tftiom.

Anno dadth&G* orbii II.	1^737•

^ambeifriin trf hit Majesty Y hcusfhold Sox jthe tape being, to aft, reprftefit, or perform, fpr hire, gain, or reward, any inter* lude* tragedy, comedy, opera, play, farce, or other entertain* ntent Of ¥He ftage, or any part or parts therein, in joiy part of Great Britain > except in the city of Wejlminjler, and within tbc liberties thereof, and in such places vtftere his Majesty, hisbeirp or ftkxx(To¥s, shall in their royal pcrfons rofide, and during such refidence only\ any thing m this aft contained to the contrary in any wife ncq with landing.	: .	.	i	..

VI.	Aftd be it further, enacted by the authority afbrefsrid, 'That all the pecuniary penal tjbs mflifted by this oft for offences committed AVithin that part of Great Britain, patted England^ Waksjvnd the town of Berwickupon Twiei, £kuB be recovered by billy plaint, or information, in any of hisMajesty’s courts of record *at Wtflminfltr, .in which no efToin, proteftion, or wager oflaw shall be allowed*, and for the offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by aftion or fummarycoos*-plaint before the court of session or judiciary there; or for offences committed in any part of Great Britain, in a fvmraacy 'Way before two juftices of the peace far any countv, (tewartny, riding, divifiort, or liberty, where any fach offence maD becdm* mined, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible wrtnefs or witneffes, or by the confeffion of the offender, the fame to fet levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, Rendering the overplus to such offender, if any there be above the penalty and charge of diftrefs; and for want of fufiicient di« ftrefs the offender fhail be committed to any houfe of conreftion in any fuclv county, ftewartry, riding, or liberty, for any time eiot exceeding fix months, thfte to be kept to hard labour, or to the common gaol of any such county, ftewartry, riding, or liberty, for any time not exceeding fix months, there to remain without bail or rtiaiftprize; and tf any person or persons ftuU think him, her, or themfcives aggrieved by the order or orders of such juftices of the peace, it shall and may beilawful for fuck person or persons to appeal therefrom to the next general quarter fefftons to be held for the (aid county, ftewartry, riding, or liberty, whofeorder therontfhall be final and canclufive; and the da id penalties for any offence against this aft shall belong, one moiety thereof to the informer or person fuing or profecoting for the fame, the other moiety to the poor of the pariftvwbcre such offence (halhhe committed.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the anthovity aforc&id. That i£ any interlude, tragedy, comedy, opera, iplay, force, or other-entertainment of theftage, or any aft, feene, or part thereof, fhail be afted, represented, or performed in any houfe or place where wine, ale, beer, or other liquors shall be fold or rotated, the fame shall be deemed to be afted, reprefented, and performed for gain, hire, and reward.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority afortfaid. That no person shall be liable to be profeouted for any offente against this aft, unless such prolecution (ball be commenced

within





I7J7-T Anno decimo GfcoRtni II. c. 29.	14^

within the space of fix calendar months after the offence committed ; and if any adion, or fuit, shall be commenced or brought against any juftice of the peace or any other person for doing, or caufing to be done, any thing in purfuance of this ad, such adion Or fuit shall be commenced within fix kalendar months next after the fad done; and the defendant or defendants in such adion or fuit shall and may plead the general ifiue, General ifiue. and give the fpecial matter in evidence j and if upon such adion or fuit, a verdid shall be given for the defendant or defendants,, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs or profecutor shall become nonfuit, or shall not profecute *his, or their faid adion or fuit, then the defendant or defendants shall have treble cofts, and shall have Treble cols, the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants have in other cafes by law.

CAP. XXIX.

 An act for enabling his Majesty to fettle a revenuefor fupporting the dignity of her royal bigbnefs the princefs, in cafe jhe /ball furvive bis royal bigbnefs the prince of Wales, and for ex~ emptmg such yearly futn^or fums of money, as bis Majtfty bath granted or Jball grant to bis faid royal bigbnefs, from tbe payment of fees, taxes, and other charges whatsoever, and for enabling bis faid royal bigbnefs to make leafes of lands, parcel of tbe duteby of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WEw«r Majesty s mojl dutiful and loyal Jubje/ts the commons of Great Britain in parliament ajfembled, being truly fenfible how acceptable it will be to your Majesty, that a good, certain, and competent revenue be fettled for fupporting the honour and dignity of her royal bigbnefs the princefs, in cafe Jhe fhalljurvive her royal confort She most excellent prince Frederick, prince of Wale9, your Majejlfs moft dearly beloved Jon, and confidering the happinfs which (by the bUffing of Almighty God) the Jubjefts of thefe kingdoms cannot fail to emoy,by a fuccejjim of princes derived from her, the early zeal and {offerings of whofe family for the protejlant caufe ought never to be forgotten \ and well knowing that by an act made in tbefirjl year of the reign of her late Majesty S^uecn Anne (of blejfed memory) for pre- * Anna?, (bt. fervihg tbe inheritance offeveral revenues of the crown, intituled, AnI#	7*

ad for the better support of her  Majesty’s houfhold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, all grants thereof, (other than such as are therein exprejfed) are declared to be void; and that by an* Ann*# c'10* aft made in the ninth year of her faid late Majejlfs reign, intituled.

An act for eftablifliing a general poft office for all her Majcfty’s dominions, and for fettling a weekly fum out of the revenue thereof for the  service of the war and other her  Majesty’s occ*-fions, it was enafted, That such part of the duties and revenues arif ing in of by the general letter office or pojl office which was thereby . %lifted in h$f Majesty, her heirs and fuccejf rs, and therein mentioned



144,	Anno decimo.GEORGll II. d. 29#	[1737,

to be undeterminable x Jhould not be alienable, chargeable, of grantable for any efate, term, or time whatsoever, to endure longer than the life of the King or Sfyueen that Jhould, make such alienation, charge, or grant tefpeftively 3 and that all gifts, grants, alienations, aJJur-ances whatfoevet, to be had or made of and charges upon the fame duties and revenues or any part thereof contrary to the provifion ofthat aft Jhould be null and void\ do nevertheless mod humbly, cheerfully, and unanimoufly befeech your Majesty that it may be en-The princefs afted, and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by of wales, if and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and tem-ihe funrives ©oral, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and have*anaa-*0 ^ tbe autbority of the fame. That it shall and may be lawful unity of \ to and for the King’s most excellent majesty, by any letters pa-

50,0001.	v tent or indenture, or by several letters patent or indentures* under the great feal of Great Britain hereafter to be made, to give and grant unto her faid royal highnefs the prince of Wales, or to such other person or persons as his Majesty shall think fit to be named in such letters patent, indenture or indentures, and his or their heirs, to the ufe of or in truft for the faid princefs, one annuity, or yearly fum of fifty thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, which annuity or yearly fum of fifty thousand pounds, and every part thereof, shall commence and take effect immediately from and after the deceafe of his Ma-jefty’s faid dearly beloved fon, and continue from thenceforth for and during the natural life of the faid princefs, and shall be

id t0t*£ Pai(* anc* PayabIe at tbe f°ur m°ft u^ua^	or d*ys	payment

^ quar « - jn tbe year (that is to fay) the feaft of Saint Michael the arch-9	angel, the birth of our Lord Cluift, the annunciation of the blef-

feef virgin Mary, and, the nativity of Saint John the Baptift, by even and equal portions, the first payment thereof to be made at such of the faid feafts as shall first and next happen after the deceafe of his  Majesty’s faid dearly beloved fon, in cafe the faid princefs fhall. furvive him as aforesaid ; and that the faid yearly fum of fifty thousand pounds shall be ifluing and payable out ot, and be charged and chargeable upon, such duties ana revenues as are herein alter fpecified, and in the proportions following (that is to fay) the yearly fum of forty thousand pounds, part of the faid yearly fum of fifty thousand pounds, shall be ifluing and payable out of and be charged and chargeable upon all the revenues and outof the #e- rnonies arifing and to arise by virtue or in purfuance of the faid venues of the aft, intituled,  An act for eflablijhing a general pojl office for all her poll office,	Majesty*s dominions, and for fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues

thereof for the  service of the war and other her Majesty's occafions, or by virtue or in purfuance of any provifo, claufe, matter, or thing therein contained, or according to any other aft or afts of parliament thereby referred unto, the weekly fum of seven hundred pounds mentioned in the faid aft of the ninth year of her late  Majesty’s reign during such time as the faid weekly fum is to continue, and any other monies by that aft appointed to be referved for the ufe of the publick, always excepted and fore-prized.

II. Arid’



1737.] Anno dccimo GeoRgii II. c.zgm	14^

II. And it is hereby enafted, That the yearly fum of ten thou-fand pounds (being the remainder of the faid yearly fum of fifty thousand pounds) (hall, from and after the oeceafe of the faid prince of IVales, during the life-time of the faid princefs him forviving, be charged and chargeable upon, and be payable and paid at the days and times before-mentioned, to the ufe of the faid princefs, out of the hereditary rates and duties of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, which were granted to the crown by an aft of the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles theSecond (of blefled memory) confirmed by an aft of parliament and heredi-of the thirteenth year of his reign ; and the rates and duties of tary duties of exdfe, which were granted or continued to his faid now Majesty excife. during his life (which God long pfteferve) by an aft of parliament m the first year of his reign, during the continuance thereof, shall likewise be charged and chargeable as an additional fe-curity for or towards making good such of the payments of the faid yearly fum of ten thousand pounds as shall or may happen to incur and grow due after such deceafe of the faid prince of fPales, during the joint lives of his Majesty and of the faid prin-eefs.

IIL Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained, or Payment of to be contained in such letters patent, indenture or indentures as the fums aforesaid, shall extend to hinder or obftruft the payments of the charged on weekly fum of three thousand seven hundred pounds, or the^®^QStof yearly fum of fixteen thousand two hundred sixty three pounds, hereby ob-right {hillings, and eleven pence, by former afts of parliament ftro&ed. charged upon the faid rates and duties of excife, or fomc of them, or the application thereof to the refpeftive ufes intended by such former afts concerning the fame; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Ana be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if the Deficiency laid revenue of the poft office, applicable to the payment of the how to be laid yearly fum of forty thousand pounds, shall at the end of any (applied, quarter of a year be inefficient to anfwerthe quarterly payment then due out of the fame according to the true meaning of this aft, then and in every such cafe the comptroller of the faid office for the time being shall and he is hereby required without fee or charge to make a certificate in writing of the fum which shall be then wanting to complete the faid quarterly payment, and deli* ver the fame to the faid princefs, or her order, and upon producing thereof the commiffioners of the treafury, or high trea-farer for the time being, shall caufe every such deficiency to be fetisfied out of any overplus monies of the faid fates and duties of excife, or out of fome other monies arifing or to arise by any hereditary branches of revenue belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflgrs, being appointed for the ufes of the civil government, with preference to all other payments hereafter to be charged upon such overplus monies or other branches by fubfe-quent aft or afts of parliament, or grants hereafter to be pafled; and if the faid rates and duties of excife, applicable to the payment of the faid yearly fum of ten thousand pounds shall at the

VoL-yVU.	L	end



146	Anno	decimo Georgh II. c. 29*	[1737*1

end of any quarter of a year be infufiicient to anfwer the Quarterly payment then due out of the fame according to the true meaning of this aCt, then and in every such cafe the comptroller of excife for the time being shall and he is hereby required without fee or charge to make a certificate in writing of the fum which shall be then wanting to complete fiuch quarterly payment, and deliver the fame to the (aid princefs, or her order j and upon producing thereof the commimoners of the treafury, or high treafurer for the time being, shall caufe every lbc$i deficiency to be fatisfied out of any overplus monies of the (aid poll office revenues, or out of fpme other monies arifing or to a-rife by such hereditary branches of the revenue appointed for ufes of the civil government as aforesaid, with preference to,all payments hereafter to be charged upon such overplus monies, or other branches, by any fublequent aCt or aCts of parliament*, *	or grants hereafter to be paffed; any thing in this ad, or any other

law or fiatute whatsoever, to the contrary in any wife notwith-(landing.

Who to pay V. And it is hereby enaded. That the faid yearly fums a-, the faid an- mounting to fifty thousand pounds as aforesaid, shall be paid nrnty. and payable by and from the immediate hands of a)l and every the commiflioners, farmers, treafiirers, receivers,, and colkdtom, for the time being of the faid revenues refpeCtively, without anyu fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame or any part thereof; and the acquittance and acquittances of the (aid princefs, or hertruftees, or of her royal hignnefs’s receiver general for the time being, shall be a good and fufficient difcharge, "for the payment thereof, without any further or other warrant tp be fued for, had or obtained in that behalf; and that the faid annuity or yearly fum of fifty thousand pounds, and every part, thereof shall be free and clear from all taxes, impofitions, and o-ther publick charges whatsoever; and if the faicl commiffioners* farmers, treafurers, receivers, and collectors, for the time being, of the faid duties and revenues, or any of them, shall refufe or negleCt to pay the faid refpeCtive yearly fums, or any part thereof, to the faid princefs, her receiver general, or truftees, that tfien the faid princefs, or such truftees,as. aforesaid, may fuc, pro-fecute, or implead the faid commiffioners, farmers, treafurers^ receivers, and .collectors, or any of them, and all or any of their fecurities, heirs, executors, and administrators, by bill, plaint, or action of debt, and shall and may recover judgments, and, fue out executions thereupon, against the faid commiflioners, farmers, treafurers, receivers, and collectors refpeCtiyely, and their refpeCtive fecurities, heirs, executors, and adminiftrators, for such fum and fums of money then due and owing upon the. faid annuities amounting to fifty thousand pounds per annum* or any part thereof, as shall be in the hands of the faid commiffioners, farmers, treafurers, receivers, and collectors respectively* of the faid refpeCtive duties or revenues at the time when demand shall be made of the payment of the faid yearly fum* or any part thereof*

VL And

 L^ooQle

*737»1 Ahno dcdmo Georgii II. c. 2 9*	14(7

VI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, The King’* That alt and every the powers, precepts, directions, and claufes

to be contained in his Majeft/s letters patent, indenture or in- m jaw# dentures hereafter to be made, as aforesaid, for the better and more certain payment and affurance of the laid yearly Turns a-mounting to fifty thousand pounds per annum, and for making file faid refpeCtive revenues liable thereunto, shall be aild are hereby enacted to be good and effectual in the law, according to the tenor and purport thereof, in the fald letters patent, indenture or indentures to be expreffed, notwithstanding any re-ftriCfion, or other matter or thing contained in the Taid aft of parliament made in the first year of her late Majesty** reign, intituled,  An act for the better support of her Majeftfs houjhold, and of the honokr and dignity of the crown \ and notwithstanding any reftriCHon, or other matter or thing contained in the faid aCt of the ninth year of her faid late Majfcfty’s reign foreftablifliing the poft office, and any mif-recital, non-recital, omiflion, or other defe& in the faid letters patent, indenture or indentures hereafter to be made, in any wife notwithstanding.

VII.	Saving to all and every person and persons; bodies po- persons in-

litick or corporate, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and terefts in the affigns (other than the King’s majesty, fyis heirs and successors, n*'rJ^hnot and other than to such person or persons who do or may ftand	“crc*

feized or pofleffed in truft for his Majesty, his heirs and fuccef- y9

fors) all such right, title, intereft,and demand whatsoever, which they, or any of them have, or may have, of, in, or to, or out of the revenues aforesaid, or any part therof, before the making of this aCt, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if this aCt had not been made; this aCt or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII.	And whereas his Majesty hath granted to his dearly beloved The

fin the prince of Wales the yearly fum of fifty thousand pounds for allowed* the # support ofhimfelf and his family, to be paid out of the revenues ap~ prince of pointed for defraying the charges of the civil government, and ftp- Wales by hk porting the honour and dignity of ihe crown \ be it further enaCted	frcc

and declared by the authority aforesaid, That such yearly fum or fums of money as his Majesty hath granted, directed, or appointed, or shall grant, direct, or appoint, to or for the ufe and benefit of the (aid prince of JVales, out of the revenues a-forefaid, shall be paid to his royal highnefs, or to his ufe, or' for his benefit, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken by the officers of the exchequer, or any others, for payment thereof, and that the faid yearly fum or fums of money, and every part thereof, shall be free and clear from all taxes, impofitions, and other publick charges whatsoever\ any law of ftatute to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX.	And whereas the faii prince now fiands feifed of the duchy tf Cornwall, ‘and the pojfeffion thereof, of an estate of inheritance under a fpecialform of limitation differing from the ordinary rules of inheritance at common law, whereupon fome queflions may grow what ejiates in the farm the faid most excellent prince may legally grant, and

L 2	whether

 UooQle

H*	Anno decimo GeoRGH II# c. 29.	[*737*

whether leafes made by his faid royal highnefs of any manors, lands ^ tithes, tenements, 0r hereditaments, panel of the faid duchy,	tf/z-

nexed to the fame, «rf// be good and effectual in law longer than for the life of his faid royal highnefs; tor avoiding of which doubt, and for the eafe and quiet of the minds of such persons as have taken, or hereafter shall take, leafes from the (aid prince, and to the end such persons may be fure to have good and indefeazible eftates, and be encouraged to lay out monies in building and repairing, or otherwise improving the several lands and tenements to them demifed, and to be demifed ; Leafes of lands be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That all leafes in Cornwall or grants made or to be made by his faid royal highnefs, of any made bythe manors, offices, mefluages, parks, lands, tithes, tenements tuaiin law^ or hereditaments, parcel of the pofieflions of the faid duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, lhall be good and effectual in law, according to the purport and contents of the faid leafes or grants, againfl his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors* and against his faid royal highnefs, and his heirs, and against all and every person and persons, who shall inherit or fucceed to the faid duchy, according to the faid limitation, or other-wife.

$ach leafes to X. Provided always, That every such leafe or grant fo made be for no more or to be made of any manors, offices, mefluages, parks, lands, than 3 lives, tithes, tenements or hereditaments in pofleffion, be and shall or jt years, ^ macje for three lives, or fewer, or for thirty one years or under, or for fome term of years determinable upon one, two, or three lives, and not above; and if such leafe or grant be made in reverfion or expectancy, that then the fame together with the estates in pofleflion do not exceed three lives, or the term of thirty one years, and be not in any wife made difpu-nifhable of wafte, and fo as upon every such leafe or grant be or shall be referved the ancient or moft ufual refit or more, or such rent as hath been referved, yielded or paid for such of v	the premiflfes as are or shall be contained therein, for the

greater part of twenty years next before the making of the faid leafes, and shall be referved, due, and payable to fiich as shall have the inheritance or other estate of the faid duchy, and where no such rent hath been referved or payable, that ther\ upon every such leafe there be or shall be referved a reafonable rent, not being under the twentieth part of the clear yearly value of the manors, mefluages, parks, lands, tithes, tenements or hereditaments contained in such leafe or grant.

Confirmation XI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, of the validity That all covenants, conditions, refervations, and agreements of inch leafes. contained in every such leafe or grant fo made or to be made as aforesaid shall be good and effectual in law, according to the words and contents of the fagfie, as well for and against them to whom the reverfion of the fame manors, offices, mefluages, parks, lands, tithes, tenements or hereditaments shall come, as for and against them to whom the interest of such leafes shall come leipeCtively, as if his (aid royal highnefs the prince

*c

 i^ooQle

HP

1737.] Anno decimo Georgii II. c.30.

it the time of making such covenants, conditions, refervations, and agreements* had been feifed of an abfolute estate in fee Ample in the fame manors, offices, mefluages, parks, lands, tithes, tenements, or hereditaments,

XII. Saving always, to all and every person and persons, Perfons rights bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and successors, exe- in the faidauditors, adminiftrators and afligns (other than his faid Majesty, ^hereb C" his heirs and fucceflors, and other than his faid royal highnefs die prince, and his heirs, and all and every person and persons that shall hereafter have, inherit, and enjoy the laid duchy of Cornwall by force of any ad of parliament or other limitation whatsoever) all such rights, titles, eftates, cuftoms, interefts, tenures, terms, claims and demands whatsoever, of what nature, kind, or quality foever, of, in, to, or out of the faid manors, offices, mefluages, parks^ lands, tithes, tenements or hereditaments, or any of them, parcel of or annexed to the fiud duchy of Cornwall,, as they or any of them had or ought to have had before the making of this ad, to all intents and purposes, and in as large and ample manner and form, as if this ad had never been made; this ad or any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAR XXX.

An all for repealing the duties payable ad Valorem, upon foreign oyfiers imported into this kingdom, and for laying another duty thereon.

Moji Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the several duties upon oyfiers imported into this Preamble, kingdom, are now payable according to the value fworn to or affirmed by the importers, which method of afeertaining the value of Juch oyfiers by experience has been found to be liable to great frauds, pub importers frequently undervaluing the oyfiers fo imported, to the detriment of the publick revenue and difeouragement of the oyfier dredgers of this kingdom; for remeding the faid abufe, as well as encouraging our own filhery, we your  Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjeds the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, do mod humbly befeech your Majesty that it. may be enaded, and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the feme. That all provi- Former ads fions and claufes contained in any former ad or ads of par- relating to th« liament, fo far* as they relate to the afeertaining the value of French o ftem oyfters imported from France according to the oaths or affirma-	C

tions of the importers, shall from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven, be and are hereby repealed and made void.

II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, French oyflera That in lieu of the faid former duties payable ad Valorem, rat«d at 7 d.

L 3	andP'rbufceU





15a	Apno	dcjdmo Geo^gii II. c. 3a'	[1737.

and repealed by this alt, all oyfters which shall at any time or times after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty (even, be imported from Franc* into any port or place within this kingdom, shall upon the importation thereof be rated at seven pence per bu(hel ftrifce measure, according to the IVtncheJler corn bulhel, and shall pay the old fublidy granted by the aft of tonnage and poundage.

1	made in the twelfth year or the reign of King Charles the Second, according to that rate and meafure, and not according to the values fworn to, or affirmed by the importers, and in that proportion for a greater oj* lefs quantity.

III. And be it further enalted by the authority aforesaid. That in all cafes where any of the faid oyfters are by law lub-jelt or liable to the payment of the further fubftdy, tlm one third fubfidy, the two thirds fubfidy, the addition^ impoft, or the duty payable upon goods imported from France, or any of them, according to the refpdtive values fet thereon for the laid old fubfidy, or in proportion thereto, the fame shall from Old fubfidy, and after the (aid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufiwd See. to be paid feyen hundred and thirty feven, be paid proportionably accord-tte me * t0 t0 particular value fet thereon for the old fubfjdy afore-faid, and not according to the oath or affirmation of the importer ; any thing in the refpefHve ads, which granted the (aid duties, or in any other ad to the contrary notwithstanding. No drawback IV. And be it declared and enaded by the authority afore-on exporta- faid, That upon the exportation of any of the faid oyfters fo ^on*	imported, within the time allowed bylaw, the duties paid or

fecured for the fame at importation as aforesaid, shall not be drawn back or allowed to the exporter.

Duties bow to V. And be it enaded and declared by the authority afbre-be levied. faid, That the several fubfidies, impofitions, and duties upon the faid oyfters, shall be paid or fecure{i» and shall be railed, levied, and colleded in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such difeounts and allowances, as are mentioned and ex-,	prefled in the several alts of parliament which granted or con-

tinued the lame refpdtively; and all powers, penalties, pro-vifions, articles and claufes therein contained (except in such cafes where any alteration is made by this alt) (nail continue in full force and effelt, during the continuance of the faid rc-fpeltive fubfidies, impofitions, and other duties, and shall be applied, praltifed and executed, for the railing, levying, col-lelling, fecuring, anfwering, paying, and appropriating the faid refpeeftive fubfidies, impofitions, and other duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this present alt, as fully and effeltually to all intents and purposes, as if the faid claufes, matters and things had been repeated and enalted in the body of this present alt; any law or other matter or thing to the con« trary notwithstanding.

CAP.



*737*3 Ahnodedmo GEorgii II. c.31;	151

CAP. XXXI.

Jin aft for regulating the company of watermen, wherry* men, and lightermen rowing on the river Thames, between Gravefend in the county of Kent, and Windfor in the county of Berks.

WHEREAS amongf several laws heretofore made, for the Preamble, re-better regulating and governing all persons free of the compa- citing theaft ity of watermen and wherrymen, owning, rowing, or working boats, barges, and other craft upon the river of Thames, from Gravesend in the county of Kent, to Windlor in the county of Berks, there was an aft pajjed in the firjl year of the reign of King James * Jac:r. c.i$. the Firjl, whereby such watermen and wherrymen were refrained am“of f ^he from taking any apprentices who were not of the full age of eighteen pfcnticc?to be years, unless they were the fons of free watermen and wherrymen, taken by wa-wbom they might retain as their apprentices at the age offixteen termen. years: and whereas by an aft pajjed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, for givmg^power the explanation and better execution of former dfts made touching wa- to the compa-ttrmen and wherrymen rowing on the river ^Thames, and for the ny of water-better ordering and governing the faid watermen, wherrymen	f^r”Jheir

lightermen upon the faid river between Gravefend and Windfor, ^wnment. the faid wherrymen, watermen and lightermen were made one com- Purfuant to pany, and were impowered to make reafonable and lawful rules, or- which an or-ders and conflitut ions for their government \ and in purfuance thereof an order was made, That no waterman Jhall have any more than one Jermenf &c." apprentice at one tune, nor ftoall be capable of taking any apprentice, in relation to until such mafer hath been a freeman seven years, nor Jhall take a apprentice*.

* fecond apprentice until his first be dead, or the term expired^ and Art 4. Ann*, that not any lighterman /ball take any apprentice, until he is the real ing*the claulh owner of two lighters, nor /halfwave any more than one apprentice at ofjac.i. and one time: and whereas by an aft pajfed in the fourth year of the making void reign of her late Majefly <%ueen Anne, for the better ordering and the faid order j governing the watermen and lightermen upon the river of Thames, the faid claufe in the faid flatute of the fi'rfi of King James the take what Firjl, as aljo the faid order, and all and every other order and rule number of ap-made for refraining any waterman, wherrymati or lighterman taking p.rcnr*jjc8 tl\c* and breeding apprentices, were repealed and made void, in order for pteany a *nd the better increafe of f amen for the  service of the royal navy: and inconvenien-whereas in confcquence of the faid lafl recited aft such watermen, ces refulting wherrymen and lightermen are at liberty to take what number of^rom this li-cpprentices, and at what age they think fit, though they have not ccnc$* fufficient bufmefs to employ and maintain such apprentices, nor any habitation or place of abode to retain and keep them at, and though such apprentices are too weak for the work or labour required in such occupation, whereby such apprentices become idle and profligate, a?id many and great damages have frequently happened ana mujl daily happen to goods and pajfengers by the unjkilfulnefs of such apprentices, and the good intention of the faid aft in breeding able and fufficient

L 4	feamen

Ann.o decimo Georgii II. c.31.	[1737;

Jeamen for the royal navy is* eluded: for remedy whereof be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven, it shall not be lawful for any person whatsoever (although free of the faid company) that now or hereafter shall keep, life, hire or work any wherry-boat, tilt-boat, barge, or other veflel for carrying paflengers or goods for hire or gain upon the river of Thames between Gravefend and IVindfor aforesaid, to bind, take, retain, employ, have or keep, to serve him or her to work or row upon the faid river, Wo apprentice any person as an apprentice, until such time as such person fo to betaken un-to be taken shall arrive to be of the full age of fourteen years

nor^bove at t^lC anc* not t0 excce(* aSc twenty years, which. c shall be made appear by certificate figned by the minifter or churchwardens for the time being of the parish or place where such person fo to be bound was or shall be born, or by the oath of two or more credible witnefles, or their affirmation in cafe they shall be of the people called Quakers.

Apprentices D- And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, to betaken That such apprentice shall be bound to his faid matter or mif-for 7 years at trefs by indentures of apprenticefhip as ufual in the like cafes tobeUnindb aPPrent*cc^,P> an^ be enrolled.in the book or rolls of the indentures a I company, to serve his faid matter or miftrefs as an appren-ufual, and en- tice upon the faid river for and during the space of seven years rolled in the at the leaft, upon pain that every matter or person adling con-comkanth<on trary hereto shall for every such offence, upon convi&ion therc-penalty of the °f before the lord mayor of the city of London for the time mailer’s for- being, or before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace fciting 10 J.	for the time being for the faid $ity, or for the county, city,

town corporate, liberty or place, where the offender shall be found, or the offence shall be committed, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnefles, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds of lawful money of Great Britain.

Penalty on IIL And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, apprentices That all and every apprentice or apprentices, which shall here-ry to the true* a^tcr be bound contrary to the true intent and meaning of this intent of this shall not thereby obtain any freedom by such apprentices'.	fhip, or be intitled to any the privileges and advantages by fuch

apprenticefhip, which watermen, wherrymen and lightermen free of the faid company are intitled to ; but shall be fubje<£t and liable to pay for every time he shall work, row, or navigate any boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, being thereof convictted in manner aforesaid, the sum of ten pounds.

No more than IV. Provided nevertheless. That no freeman of the faid com-* apprentices pany, nor his widow, shall at one and the fame time he capable one time* the* t0 ta^e an(^ reta‘n more apprentices than two, nor shall take the jirfttohave C fecond apprentice till the tirft hath Carved as an apprentice for

the

15a

Commencement of the present aft.



*737*] Anno decimo Georgii II. C. 31.	153

the fpaceof four years at the lead of his faid apprentice(hip,drved4ycars under the penalty of ten pounds of lawful money of Gnat Britain,	/shtea^n.

V.	And, to avoid the great inconveniencies which happen oo^aalty of* by wheirymen, and such other watermen and lightermen as ]01. aforesaid daily taking apprentices, before such wherrymen, wa- No member of termen, or lightermen are housekeepers, orhave any fettled ha- ^uco^a bitation for themselves and their apprentices to lodge in, where- takean by pilfering and diforderly a<£fcions are frequently committed ; apprentice till be it also further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That it shall he has a fettled not be lawful for any wheiryman, waterman, or lighterman, J^itajj.onato though a freeman of the faid company, or his widow, to take prc^iwlin/" retain or keep any person as his or her apprentice, unless such F waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or the widow of such waterman, wherryman or lighterman shall be the occupier of

feme houfe or tenement wherein to lodge him or herfelf and his or her apprentice or apprentices 5 and such waterman, wherry-	5®

man or lighterman, or his or their widow or widows, shall keep ^mVhoufe^ such apprentice or apprentices to lodge and lie in the fame houfe wjth his ma-or tenement wherein he or (he doth lodge or lie, upon pain that iterormiftrefr, every matter or miftrefs fo from time to time adting otherwise, on pain of for-and offending against this adt, being thereof convidfed in manner fcitm&IO *• aforesaid, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds of lawful money of Great Britain.

VI.	And, to prevent any person or persons producing forged

or falfe certificates; be it further enadtedby the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall knowingly and wilfully Penalty of 10L produce any forged or falfe certificate, and shall bethereof con- on producing vidted before the lord mayor of the faid city of London, or before	^	‘

any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the faid city

for the time being, by the oath of one or more credible witnels or witneffes, he, (he or they shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds of lawful money of Great Britain•

VII.	Provided nevertheless. That any waterman, wherry-Proprietors of man or lighterman, being the real owner or proprietor of twelve ^c1,^er*^e lighters, barges or flat-bottomed boats in his own right, may 4 apprentices take and retain to his own ufe and  service two apprentices at any at one rime one time; and the real owner or proprietor of twenty lighters. And proprie-barges or flat-bottomed boats in his own right, may take and ot retain to his own ufe and  service four apprentices, and no more ; more***11 provided such owner or proprietor of such lighters, barges, or Provided such flat-bottomed boats shall first take an oath before the faid lord proprietors mayor of the city of London for the time being, or before any make oath of one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the faid city of Lon- (Uch number don, the city of Westminster, or counties of Middlefix,EJfex, Surry, of lighters^ Kent, Bucks, or Berks (which oath they are hereby impowjered &c.

and required to adminifter) that he or (he is bona fide the real owner or proprietor of the numbers of lighters, barges, or flat-bottomed boats as aforesaid, and shall produce such oath fo taken in writing, under the hand and feal or hands and feals of the faid lord mayor, or one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the (aid cities or counties aforesaid, to the rulers and

over-



1*4

Number of paflengers limited.

Anno decimo GeoRGH II. c. 3 r:	£173?.

overfeers of the laid company, or the major part of them, at any of their publick courts or alfemblies.

VIII.	And, for preventing the loling the lives of persons parting on the river Thames between Gravefmd and Wtndfmr aforesaid; be it enaHed by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth dav of June, one thousand Coven hundred and thirty feven, it mall not be lawfully for any

No tilt-boat, pcrfon or persons, who shall work or navigate any tilt-boat, &c. to take row-barge, or any other boat or wherry, for hire or gain, to and^^y^hV" receive, take into, or carry in any such tilt-boat or row-barge* way} nor any at one and the fame time, any more than thirty (even paflengers other boat and three more paflengers only if brought on board by the way 5 ra°rc	nor to receive, take into, or carry in any other boat or wherry,

“ * nor wiy any more than eight paflengers, and two more only if called m ferry-boat on by the way \ nor to receive, take into, or carry in any ferry-Sundays, more boat, or wherry allowed to work on Sundays any more than ***** *» eight paflengers at one and the fame time $ and if any person or persons, who shall work or navigate any such tilt-boats, row-barges, ferry-boats, or other boats or wherries, shall receive, take into, or carry in any such tilt-boats, row-barges, ferryboats, or other boats or wherries, a greater number of paflengers than what are limited refpeltively as aforesaid, every such person or persons fo offending, and being thereof convi&ed by the oath of one or more credible witnefsor witnefles, or by the confeflion of the party or parties before the lord mayor of the city of London for the time being, or one or more juftice or judices on pain of for-0f the peace for the city, county, town corporate* liberty or fi^orteni^4 pl*ce where the offence shall be committed, or the offender mall c 1.	be found, or on view pf any such juftice or juftices, shall for the

for the fecond first offence forfeit the sum of five pounds, and for the fecond offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds, one moiety of such forfei-for the third tures tQ gQ t^c infonner, and the other moiety to such ufes as the other penalties and forfeitures impofed by, this alt are particularly direlted to be applied ; and every person or persons who shall offend in the prenrtifles a third time, shall be disfran-chifed for twelve months from working, rowing, or navigating any boat, wherry, veiTcl or other craft, and from erijoying any the privileges, the members of the faid company of watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen are intitled to, and do enjoy j and in cafe any greater number of persons shall be received, taken into, or carried in any such tilt-boats, row-barges, ferry-boats, or other boats or wherries than are refpeltively allowed to be person shall be carried as aforesaid, and any paffenger or paflengers shall then whwe a ereat- ** browned, cvcl7 fuc^ person of persons who shall work or er numberis" navigate such tilt-boats, row-barges, ferry-boats, or other boats or wherries offending therein, and being thereof lawfully con-vilted, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall be tranfport-cd as felons.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall row, work, or navigate any tilt-boat which shall not be of the burthen of fifteen tons, nor row, work,

. or

to be disfran chifed for 11 months.

In cafe any

taken in, the watermen shall be tranf-ported as felons.

The burthen of tilt'boats

 

*737*3

Anno decimo Gfc^fcGfi II. c. .

155

or navigate a**y boat or wherry which shall not be of the bur* and other boat* den of three tons, in die long ferry between London Bridge and navigated be-Gravejend; except such boat as (ball be hired by any one person alld for his own ufe \ upon pain of forfeiting for every such offence Gravefend af-the sum of ten pounds; one moiety whereof shall go to the in- certained. former, and the other moiety to such ufes as the other penal- Penalty of ioL ties and forfeitures impofed by this a& are particularly directed to be applied.

X.	And whereas there have of late years been worked and navi- No Gravefend gated in the long ferry between London Bridge and GraVefend di-

vers boats and wherries which have been built in imitation of tilt-boats o^ba^HsnSled witbclofe decks, whereby the lives of his Majesty's fubjefls have been down, to be often in imminent danger, and many persons have been drowned: navigated * therefore to prevent the fame for the future, be it ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of june% one thousand seven hundred and thirty (even, it shall not be lawful for any person or persons whatsoever to row, work, or navigate any boat or wherry with a clofe deck, com-xponly called Gravefend wherries9 or with bails nailed to the faid boats and wherries, and which are not moveable, for the carrying or remarrying of paffengers for hire or gain between London Bridge and Gravefend afore&id (tilt-boats only excepted) upon Yiit-boats pain that every person or persons fo offending, and being there- cepted; on the of monvi&ed in the manner aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the penalty of fum of ten pounds; one moiety whereof shall go to the infer- ,o1-mer, and the other moiety to such ufes as the other penalties and forfeitures impofed by this ait are particularly direded to be applied.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Watermen lof-That when and as often as any watermen or wherry men rowing ing their tide in or belonging to such boat or boats shall wilfully or negligent- from Billlngf-ly lofe his or their tide or tides, either from Billingfgate to Gravefend, or from Gravefend to Billingfgate, by putting on (hore paffengers differ the taking in of other paffenger or paffengers than whom cbargeci from they at first departed and fet out with (except as herein is direc- paying*

ted) or by waiting or loitering by the way, by means whereof the (aid paffengers refpe&ively therein shall be fet or landed fcort by the space of two miles or upwards of either of the faid ports or places to which they are bound, that then and in every fech cafe all and every such paffenger or paffengers shall be, and is and are hereby difenarged from paying for their faid refpe&ive paffages or voyages; any law, ufage, or cultom to the contrary potwithftanding.

Xil, And whereas many inconveniencies and cafualties havefre- Clauferegulat. qucntly happened, and do often arise and happen, to the endangering ing the times rfthe lives of bis Majesty's fubjefts paffng and repaying by water to f MPaJ^rc qud from London and Gravefend in tilt-boats and other boats W&c[YromLon-wberriesy which are navigated for hire or gain, for want of a due don and regulation of the time and times of departure of the faid tilt-boats and Gravelcnd. other boats and wherries at arid from the faid refpeftive ports and places London and Gravefend, and for want of navigating the ..	•	6	faid

 booQ le

156	Anno	dedmo	Georgii II. C. 31.	[1737*

The rulers of faid boats reffectively with good and able hands; be it therefore th^w^tcr,”cni further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That from and af-mp«Mnt^two tcr	twenty	fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord

officers to at- one thousand seven hundred ana thirty feven, the rulers and tend at BiU overfeers of the faid company of watermen, wherry men, and SfcE lighterman, or the major part of them, shall from time to time aiul atCJravef- aPP°*nt ^o or more proper officers, who shall give their con-end at the first ftant attendance, as well by night as by day, at every time oC of flood ; high water at London Bridge and the first of flood at Gravefend 5 Wbell^a11 nn* ^at IS to one or m0Te	officers	at	Billingfgate, and

noticetogthe one or morc ot^crfuchofficers at Gravefend, who as near as tilt-boats and is poffible at every time and times of high water, and the first wherries to of flood aforesaid, shall publickly ring a bel] at each of the faid put oft places refpeftively, to be provided and hung up for that purpose by the faid rulers and overfeers or the major part of them, and to continue ringing of the fame by the space and time of fifteen minutes, to give notice to the faid refpe&ive tilt-boats and other boats and wherries who defign to pafs the faid ferry between London and Gravefend by that tide, to put off and fet forward on their faid refpeftive ferries or voyages, cither from London to Gravefend, or from Gravefend to London, as the cafe shall be j and if after ringing of such bell at each of the faid places refpec-tively by the time and space aforesaid any such boat or boats plying or waiting for paffengers, or having paflengers on board, or ff such wher- t*lcre ^c‘nSor defigning to pafs the faid ferries, or either of them, rymen, &c. " with paflengers on board, shall not immediately depart, and ef-do not’put off feftually proceed on their several and refpeftive voyages, with-6cc. the own- out lying by in the river, or putting again on (hore within two-boat/<^U f r m^es °* t^e kid refpeftive ports or places of Billingfgate or fck ® or- Gravefend, as the cafe may be, for the taking in of any goods, paffenger or paflengers ; or if any such boat or boats shall not be provided with, and during the faid whole ferry or voyage be navigated by, two fufficient and able-bodied men, the younger thereof to be of the age of eighteen years at the leaft 5 then and in every such cafe, and fo often as the fame shall happen, the owner and owners of all and every such boat and boats not departing, or lying by, or putting on (hore, or not being provided with, and navigated by, two able and fufficient bodied men, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Aim of five pounds, being first convi&ed thereof on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnefles, before one or more of his  Majesty’s juftices of the peace of the counties, cities, town corporate,1 liberty, or place where the faid offence or offences shall be committed, or the offender can be found, to be levied and recovered upon the faid boat or boats, wherry or wherries, fails, tilts, and tackle thereto belonging, and on the goods and chattels of all and every the owners of such boat or boats, wherry or wherries refpeftively, in such manner as the other penalties and forfeitures to be incurred by this aft are direfted to be levied; one moiety of such penalties and forfeitures to go to the rulers an4 overfeers of the faid company of water* ?	•	*nenf



1737-1 Anno decimo GeoRgii II. c. %u	157

men, wherry men, and lightermen; and the other moiety thereof to the informer or informers who shall profecute for the fame.

XIII.	And be it further ena<5ted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty of 50I. That in cafe the faid overfeers and rulers of the company of on the comp*. watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, or the major part of w*tcr“ them, shall negled to fet up, or caufe to be fet up, such bell or

bells at the places aforesaid (which they are hereby authorized up the faid 5 and impowered to do) and to appoint a proper officer or offi- bell*, and *p-cers as aforesaid, to ring the fame, within the space of fourteen	pro-

days after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand fe-	to

ven hundred and thirty feven, or shall neglcdt to appoint such proper person or persons from time to time thereafter, to ring the fam»; the faid rulers and overfeers shall forfeit and pay the T^c faid P*-fum of fifty pounds, one moiety whereof shall go to the poor of	Saif t^the

the parish where such offence (nail be committed, and the other poor, the o-moiety to such person or persons who shall inform and fue for ther to the in-the fame by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any former, of his  Majesty’s courts of record at JViJlminJliry wherein no e(-(btn, privilege, prote&ion, wager of law* or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIV.	And in cafe any such officer or officers fo to be ap- Penaltyof 40*. pointed as aforesaid, shall negleft to ring such bell or bells at the on such per-time and times herein dire&ed, he shall forfeit and pay for eve- fo*}» are ap-ry such offence the sum of forty (hillings, to be levied, recover- |^mtt^ViVid ed, and applied in the fame manner as the other penalties and ^1^, for eve^. forfeitures are by this a<5t directed to be levied, recovered, and ry neglett. applied.

XV.	And be it further enatfted by the authority aforesaid, Penaltie* in^

That all the penalties and forfeitures which shall be incurred curred by thi* and forfeited by virtue of this ad, except such of them as are	**

hereby otherwise direded to be levied and recovered, shall and

may be levied and recovered by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels by warrant or warrants under the hand* and feal or hands and feals of the lord mayor of the faid city of London, or one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the (aid city for the time being, or one or. more juftice or juftices of the peace for any county, city, town corporate, liberty, or place' where the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall be found; and for want of fufficient diftrefs it (hail be lawful to Powerofcom* and for the faid lord mayor of the faid city of London for the mitment, for time being, or any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace want of fuf-for the faid city, or for the county, city, town corporate, liber- ficient dd™* ty, or place where the offence shall be committed, or the of-, fonder shall be found, and he and they are hereby required, by warrant or warrants under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to commit such offender to the next common or pub-lick workhoufe or houfe of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize, and to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month,,nor lefs than fourteen days: and Penalties,not when the faid penalties and forfeitures (except such of them as otherwise di-are hereby otherwise directed to be paid and applied) shall be

levied

 L^ooQie

158	Anna decima GboRoii It C.	[1737;

levied or recovered, the feme shall be paid to the rulers and overfeers of the faid company, or the major part of them, for Aliprofccu- the time being; and shall be by them paid and diftributed to ^itfesTo'be Poor aged and decayed freemen of the faid company, and commenced ^eir widows: and all profecutions for the faid penalties and in a mouth* forfeitures shall be commenced within one month next after the offence shall be committed, and not afterwards.

The penalties XVI. And be it enacted by the authority afbrefeid, That all incurred by the penalties and forfeitures which shall be incurred or forfeited be fued for by by v^rtue of this adf, shall and may be feed and profecuted for the rulers and by the rulers and overfeers of the (aid company, or any two of overfeers of them for the time being.

the company XVII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall or r;trnof extend*or b° conftrued to extend; to hinder or prevent any person themf or persons working or navigating any flat-bottomed boats or Provifo in fa- barges, who are intitled to work and navigate the fame by virtue vour ot per- Qf an>adl pafled in the fourth year of his present  Majesty’s reign, ing boatsg&c. intituled, An aftto explain and amend a claufe in an aft pajfed in the* by virtue'of fee end year of bis. Majeftfs reign {for making more ejfeftual several the aft 4 Geo. afts relating to watermen, wherry men, and lightermen rowing on the a. c. 24. rvutr Thames) fo far at the fame relates to ferry-boats and fiat-bottomed boats, in such manner* and to and from such places, as* in and by the faid adt is dire&ed and preferibed, nor to fubjedt them, or any of them, to any of the penalties and forfeitures by* tiiis adt to be impofed.

All fuits com- XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, menced in That if any fuit or adtion shall be commenced or profecuted a-purfuance of gainft any person or persons. For any thing1 tb be done in pur-thb a&, to be fuance of this adt, every such fuit or adtion shall be brought and witldnV commenced within fix months next after the* fedt committed, months after and not afterwards; and shall be brought and tried in the city the faft,where of London, or counties of Middlesex, Surrey Efiex, Kent, Bucks, Defendants or	and	not	elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants

may plead*the therein may plead the general iffue, and give this adt and the general iffue. fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and If a verdidt go that the fame was done in purfuance and by authority of this aft15 and if it shall appear to be fo done, that then the jury shall {wnonfmted* hnd for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdidt, or &c. tbede* * if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuit, or difeontinue fendant to his, her, or their adtion; after the defendant or defendants shall have treble have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgment lhall be given 00 *	againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants

(nail or may, recover treble cofts; and have the like remedy for the feme as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts in any other cafes by law.

This aft to be XIX* And ic is hereby* further enacted and declared. That deemed a this adt shall be deemed and taken to be at publick adt, and all publick adt judges, juftices, and other persons; are to take notice thereof as such in all courts and places whatsoever, without fpecially plead* ing the fame.

CAP,



*59

*737-} Anno dedmo GeoRGII II. C.y2'.

CAP. XXXII.

A*	aft far continuing  An act for the more effeftual punifh-

ing wicked and evil dilpoied persons, going armed in difgutie, and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of his Majesty*s fubjefts, and for the more fpeedy bringing the offenders to juftice and for continuing two claufes to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of	any-river, or fea ; and to prevent,

the malicious cutting of bop-binds, contained in an aft puffed in tbe ftxtb year of bis present Majefifs reign •, and for the more effeftual pumfhment of persons removing ary materials ufed for fecuring marjh or fea or and	of personsmalicioufly fetting on fire any pit, or

dclpb of coal, or cannel coal, and of persons unlawfully bunting or taking any red or fallow deer in forefts or chafes, or beating or wounding keepers, or other officers, in forefts, chafes, or parks-, and for more effeftually fecuring the breed of wildfowl.

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned, which by ex- Preamble re-perience have been found vfeful and beneficial, are near ex- citing the adls firing-, may it therefore pleafe your mod excellent Majesty that it may be cnafted, and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiemhled, and by the authority of the fame. That an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majedy King	Geo.i.c.ss.

the Fird, intituled.  An act for the more effeftual punifbing wicked and	evil-difpofed persons going armed in difguife, and doing

and violences to the persons and properties of his Majefiy's	,

and for the mere fpeedy bringing the offenders to juftice, which was to continue in force from the fird day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty three, for the space of three years,

?nd from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament ; and which by an aft. made in the twelfth year of the is Geo. t. reign ofhisfaid latemajedy King George the Fird, was continued, from the expiration thereof for five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by a. claufe in another aft made in the fixth year of the reign of his 6Geo.s« present Majesty, intituled,  An act for making perpetual the several afts. therein mentioned, for the better regulation of juries, and for impowering the	jufticesof Jeffion or affixes for the counties palatine of

Cheder, Lancader,	and Durham, to appoint a fpecialjury in man-

ner therein mentioned; and for continuing the aft for regulating the mamifafture of cloth in the IVeft Riding of the county of York (except a claufe therein contained) and for continuing an aft for the more effeftual puni/hing, wicked and evil-difpofed persons going armed in-. e&Jguife, and for other	purpofes therein mentioned-, and to prevent tb«<

cutting



i6o

13 &i4Car.i c. 21.

continued.

Farther conti-

Anno decimo GEORdn tl. c. 32.	[173/-

cutting or breaking down the bank of any river, or any fea bank; and to prevent the malicious cutting hop binds; and for continuing an aft in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, for preventing theft and rapine on the northern borders o/England; and for reviving and continuing certain tlaufes in two other'’aft s made for the fame purpose ; was farther continued from the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty three, to the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, and from thence to the end of the then nefct feflion of parliament, is near expiring; shall be, and is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the first day

*• c.57.

Claufcs in the ad 6 Geo. s. c. 37. f. 5.

•d by idGeo. September, which shall be in the year-of our Lord one thou-

*	fand seven hundred and forty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and no longer.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That the claufe in the faid ad made in the faid fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, which enads, That if any person or per-fons, during the continuance of the faid ad made in the faid ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majesty King George the First, shall unlawfully and malicioufly break or cut down the bank or banks of any river, or any fea banks, whereby any lands shall be overflowed or damaged, every such perfon, being „ thereof lawfully convided, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fuffer death without benefit of clergy; shall be and is hereby further continued, during the continuance of the laft before-mentioned ad.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, T*hat another claufe in the faid ad made in the faid fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, which enads. That it any

*	perfon or persons, during the continuance of the faid ad made in the ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majesty King George the First, shall unlawfully and malicioufly cut any hop-» binds, growing on poles in any plantation of hops, every such person or persons, being thereof lawfully convided, shall be guilty of felony, and shall fuffer death without benefit of clergy; shall be, and is hereby further continued, during the continu-

contimied. ance oF the before-mentioned ad, intituled. An at1 for the morr effectual pumjhing wicked and evtt-difpofed persons going armed in difguife, and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of hi 1 Majesty s fubjefts, and for the more fpeedy bringing the offenders to jufice.

Provifams of IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, ^ Geo. i. c. 22. That all the provifions made in the before-mentioned ad of the in force, in ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, cafe of offence fyr t^e more fpeedy and eafy bringing the offenders against the again t is ^ to juftiCCj and the persons who shall conceal, aid, abet, or fuccour such offenders, and for making fatisfadion and a-mends to all and every the person and persons, their executors and adminiftrators, for the damages they shall have fuftained or differed by any offender or offenders against the faid ad, and for the encouragement of persons to apprehend and fecure fuch

offender



*737*1 Aftno idcciirio GtoRGii II. C.32.	161

offender and offender!?, and for the better and more impartial trial of any indidment or information which shall be found, commenced, or profecuted for any of the offences committed against the (aid ad, together with all reftfidions, limitations, and mitigations by the faid ad directed, shall during the continuance of the faid ad extend to and be of force and effed in all cafes of offences committed by unlawfully and malicioufly breaking down or cutting down the bank or banks of any river, or any fea bank, whereby any lands shall be overflowed or da-magea, or by unlawfully and malicioufly cutting any hop-binds growing on poles in any plantation of hops, or by wilfully and malicioufly fetting on fire, or caufing to be fet on nre* any mine* pit, or delph of coal, or cannel Coal.

V. And whereas it frequently happens, that many idle and iifor-derly persons employed in fijhing boats, and others refiding near the fed coajls, do unlawfully and malicioufly cut off\ draw up* burn, and defray the piles* which are drove into the marjh, or fea walls and banks* whereby the chalk and other materials ufed for fecuring the faid waHs and banks fall away, and oftentimes take away thefaid chalk and other materials ufed for that purpofe* and thereby frequent inundations happen to the lands lying within the faid walls and banks, to the great hfs and damage of the owners ana occupiers of the faid lands; for remedy thereof, be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons shall at any time or times	chalk,

hereafter unlawfully cut off, draw up, or remove and carry away ^ ^curit^of any piles, chalk, or other materials, which are, or at any time in^es^not* hereafter shall be, driven into the ground, and ufed for the lecu- to be remove ring any marfh, or fea walls, or banks, in order to prevent the cd, lands lying within the fame from being overflowed and damaged, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his  Majesty’s juflices of the peace refiding near the place where the faid offence or offences shall be committed, and such juftice or juflices is and are hereby rcfpedively authorized and required, upon complaint or information upon oath of such offence (which oath or oaths such juftice or juflices is and are hereby impowered to adminifter) to fummon the party ot .parties fo complained of, or to iffue his or their warrant or warrants to apprehend and bring before him or them the person or persons fo accufed, complained of, or (ufpeded; and upon his, her, or their appearance, or negled to appear, to proceed to examine the matter of fad with which he, (he, or they are charged, and upon due proof thereof made, either by confeflion of the party or parties fo accufed, or upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnefles, to determine the fame, and to convid the offender or offenders; and every person offending herein, and being thereof convided as aforesaid, (hill forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, one on forfeiture moiety thereof to the informer, afid the other moiety to the °f overfeer of and for the ufe of the poor of the pari (h wherein	■	'

fuch offence shall be committed; the fame to be levied by di- 9 fifth and fale of the offenders goods and chatties, together with Vol. XVII.	M	the



162	Anno decimo Georgh II. c.32.	[1737.

the charges of such diftrefs and fale, rendring the overplus (if any be) to the owner or owners thereof$ and for want of fuf-ficient diftrefs the faid juftice or juftices are hereby required to .. cqmmit the person or persons convided as aforesaid to thehoufe ment^or fix* corredion, there to remain and be kept at hard labour for months. the space of fix months.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid* That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thou-fand seven hundred and thirty feven, and during the continuance of the before-mentioned a61 of the ninth year of the reign

Perfons fet- of his late Majesty King George the First, if any person or per-ting mines of fons shall wilfully and malicioufly fet on fire, or caufe to be fet fuffer deatht0 on ®re* an^ m*ne> P*N or delph °f coal or cannel coal, every er ** * person fo offending, being thereof lawfully convided, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

VII.	And whereas ftveral wicked and diforderly persons armed with fire-arms, jwords, fiaves, flails, and other offenfivt weapons, have frequently entered into several of his Majesty $ for efts and chaces,

,	and into the chaces of ftveral of his Majesty9 s fubjefls, and there un-

lawfully hunted, takeny and killed great numbers of deer, and aljb many times violently ajfaulted, beat, and wounded the keepers or officers of such for efts, chaces, and also of parks, to the great damage and terror of many of his Majesty9s peaceable fubjefls: and whereas the faid afl of the ninth year of his faid late Majesty hereby intended to be continued, intituled, An act for the more effedual punifiling wicked and evil-difpofed persons going armed in difguife, and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of his  Majesty’s fubjeds, and for the more fpeedy bringing the offenders to juftice, does not extend to the unlawful courfing, hunting, taking in toils, killing, wounding, or taking away any red or fallow deer fed qr kept in open forefts or chaces where deer are ufuatly kept, but only to such as are inclofed with pails, rails, or other fences; and such offences in uninclofed places are only punijhable by the ftatuU made in the third and fourth years of the reign of their late majefties King William and £)ueen Mary, intituled, An act for the more effedual difcovery and puniftiment of deer dealers, and which inflifls only a pecuniary penalty for fo doing, whereby such wicked and diforderly persons are the more emboldened to commit such offences therein, and it is become neceftary to male fome further pravifion for the prevention thereof \ be it therefore enaded by the authority Perfons con- aforesaid. That if any person or persons who shall hereafter be vifted a fe- convided of unlawfully courfing, hunting, taking in toils, kill-cond time of jng^ wounding, or taking away any red or fallow deer in any taking away °Pen or uninclofed foreft or chace where deer are ufually kept, of deer out of (hah during the continuance of the faid ad of the ninth year of uninclofed his late Majesty, be guilty of a fecond offence of the like nature, forefts or and shall be thereof lawfully convided upon indidment or in-tranfiwrted formation, such person or persons shall by judgment of the court ***	*	wherein he or they shall be fo convided, be tranfported to one

of his  Majesty’s plantations in America for the (pace of feven

years,

1



*?#•} Anno decirxio Georgii iL c.32.	16$

years, in like manner as other offenders may be tranfported by the laws now in force; and if such person or persons shall return into any part of Great Britain or Ireland within the faid seven years, every such person or persons shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

VIII.	And to the intent that such Convidtion may be with as suchoffend«% little trouble and expence as poffible, be it further eftadted by how to be the authority aforcfaid, That such offender or offenders shall and tried,

may be tried for every such fecond offence as aforesaid before tha juftices of afliae. Oyer and Terminer, or gaol-delivery, of and For that county, city, or place where such fecond offence shall be fodone and committed,and that the juftice or juftices of the peace before whom such offender or offenders was or were convidted. of such first and former offence, shall certify a true copy of such convidtion under his or their hands and feals to the quarter fef-fions of the county, wherein such offence was committed, to be held next after such convidtion had, there to be kept amongft the records of such quarter-feffions, and the clerk of the peace of such county shall at the requeft of the profecutor or any 6-» ther in his  Majesty’s behalf certify a tranfcript under his hand and feal, briefly and in few words containing the effedt and tenor of the first and former convidtion of such offender or offenders, which certificate being produced in court shall be a fufficient proof that such offender or offenders hath or have been before convidted of and for such first and former offence.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, p*rfona armC(| That if any person or persons arpied as aforesaid (hall, at any coming into a time after the twenty fourth day of June% one thqufand seven foreft with an hundred and thirty feven, and during the continuance of the |?tCinjlon a laid laft-mentioned adt of the ninth year of his late Majeftv, bcatinrand* come into any foreft, chafe, or park, wherein deer are ufually wounding tha kept (be the fame inclofed or not inclofed) with an intent to keepers, to be courfe, hunt, take in toils, kill, wound, or take away any red tfa°fp°fte<i% or fallow deer, and shall there unlawfully beat or wouna any

keeper or keepers, page or pages of any such foreft, chace, or park, where deer are ufually kept, their fervants or afliftants, in the execution of his Qr their office or offices, and be thereof lawfully convidted, evenr such person or persons shall be tranfported to one of his  Majesty’s plantations in America, for tha fpacc of seven years, in like manner as other offenders may be tranfported by the laws now in force; and if such person or persons shall return into any part of Great Britain or Ireland within the faid seven years, every such person and persons shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fuffer death as in cafe* of felony without benefit of clergy.

X.	And whereas by an aft of parliament puffed in the ninth year Anar of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An, for e. »5, making an adt of the fifth year of her  Majesty’s reignf for the

better preservation of the game, perpetual, and for making the ^qae more effcdtu^l, it is enafted% That if any perfon, between

M z	tht



Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 33.	[f?37*

the firjl day of July and the firjl day of September, in any year* Jhall by hays, tunnels, or other nets, drive and take any wild duck* teal, widgeon, or any other water fowl, in any places of refort for wild fowl, in the moulting feafon9 the offender being eonvifted thereof before one juflice of the peace where the offence Jhall be committed9 and by the oath of one credible witnefs, Jhall forfeit five Jbillings for every such fowl fo iakcn9 one moiety to the informer, the other to the poor of the parijh where the offence was done9 to be levied by a warrant of the jujlice of the peace before whom the offender was convicted9 by did refs andfale of his goods, and for want of difirefs to be committed to the houfe of correction for any time not exceeding one month9 nor lefs than fourteen days9 there to be whipt and kept to hard labour; and the jujlice of the peace Jhall caufe such hays and nets to be fazed and immediately defined in his prefence ? and whereas the faid aft has been found by experience to be ineffectual, by reason that the wild fowl begin to moult before the firjl of July, and have not done moulting by the firjl of September, fo that great numbers of wild fowl are yearly dejlroyed contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid Penalty on aft; therefore for remedy thereof, be it enaded by the authority taking wild aforesaid, That if any person fhall, in any year between the in^^mouft- ^ June9 and the first day of OCiober9 oy hays, tu/inels, 'kig feafon. or other nets, drive and take any wild duck, teal, widgeon, or any other water fowl, in any marfhes, fens, or other places of relort for wild fowl, and shall be thereof convicted in such manner as in the faid ad of the ninth year of her late Majesty Queen Anne is preferibed, he shall be liable to the fame penalties to be levied in like manner, as by virtue of the faid ad he would be liable to, if such offence was committed between the first day of July, and the first day of September and for want of diftrefs be committed to the houfe of corredion, and there puni(hed as by the faid ad is direded.

CAP. XXXIII.

 An act for making navigable the river Rodon, from a little below a mill called Barking Mill in the county of EfTex, to Illford bridge in the faid county.

WHEREAS the river Rodon, running from Great Illford in the county of Eftex to Barking in the fame county, was till lately wholly unpayable for any boats, lighters, or other veffels, fit to carry any goods or merchandizes from Great Illford to Barking aforejaid: and wherras by one indenture, bearing date on or about the twenty fecond day of May, one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, and made or mentioned to be made between fiveral of the land owners on each fide of tin faid river Rodon, and the owners or leffees of the mill thereupon at Barking aforesaid of the one part, and Jfofeph Goodman of the precinCl of Saint Catharine’s near the tower in the county of MiddJefex efquirt, of the other part, reciting amotigjl other things, that the clearing and effecting a paffage for flat-bottom boats, barges, and other Jmall boats and veffels upon the faid river, from Barking aforesaid to Great Illford aforesaid, would





1737-3 Antio dccimo Georgii II. c. 33.	165

be very beneficial to Great Illford aforesaid, and to finch part of the fiaid county of Eflex as was near or adjacent thereunto, and would be very convenient for the carriage of corn, coals, and other goods and merchandizes to and from Great Illford aforesaid and parts adjacent , and to and from London and other partSy as likewise for the carriage of chalk and other manure for improving the lands in and near Great Illford aforesaidy and the faid parts adjacent thereunto: and reciting further that the faid Jofeph Goodman did propofe at bis own proper cojls and charges to make the faid river navigable firm Barking aforesaid to Great Illford aforesaid; it is witnejfcd by the indenture, that the faid several land owners, according to their, refpeftive efiates and interefisy did covenant with theyaid Jofeph Goodman, that they would from time to time and at all times from x thenceforth permit him the faid Jofeph Goodman, his heirs, and ajfigns, with workmen and others necefiary for that purpofe, to come Ubon their lands and hereditaments rejpeftively, for the clearing and cteanfing the faid river, in order to make the fame navigable, and for removing ary impediments that might be in the faid river to hinder the navigation thereof j and such of the faid land owners as had an inheritance in fee-Jimple in their faid lands and hereditaments did thereby further give and grant unto the faid Jofeph Goodman, full power and authority to dig down or cut away any part of the faid lands and hereditaments belonging to them, not exceeding thirty feet in breadth at any one place, in order to enlarge the faid river for the more eafy making the fame navigable: and he the faid Jofeph Goodman did thereby covenant and agree with the faid land ownerSy their beirSy executors, adminiflrators, and afiigns, refpeftively, from time to time to make fatisfaftion to the faid land owners, their heirs, executorSy adminifiratorsy and afiigns refpeftively, for all damages which fhould accrue to them or their faid lands and hereditamentsy by reason of such coming upon, or such digging down or cutting away the fame aforesaidy to be afeertained in manner therein mentionedy or in default thereof to be recovered by aftion: and whereas the faid '

Jofeph Goodman did foon after the making of the faid indenture begin to make the faid river navigable fromMarking to Great 111-* ford aforesaidy for flat-bottom boats, barges9 and other /mail boats and vejfels, as herein before mentioned, and hath fince made fo confi-derable a progrefs therein, that the fame is almojt compleated, and is willing at the foie charge and expence of him the faid Jofeph Goodman, his heirs and afiignSy fully to finijh and perfeft the fame as foon as may be: and whereas fever al efiates and interefts in all or the greateft part of the faid lands and hereditaments lying within or on each fide of the faid river are limited to perfom not in being, or to infants or feme-covcrts, or are under entail or fettlement, by reason whereof such persons will not be bound by the covenants in the faid indenture: and whereas the faid Jofeph Goodman, and the faid several other parties to the faid indenture who had executed the fame, being fully fenfible thereof, have agreed that the faid indenture fhould be of no force and effect, from and after the pafiing of an aft of parliament relating to the premifies, except only as to such afts, matters and things as have been done before the making thereof: and whereas

M 3	the



Anno declmo Georgii II. c. 34.	[1737,

tbt liberty of coming upon the faid lands and hereditaments for removing any impediments or obfiruftions in the faid river, in order to mah the navigation thereof fafe and eafy, will be precarious, and cannot be fecured to the faid Jofcph Goodman, bis heirs and ajjigns, without the aid of on aft of parliament: and whereos the making rivers navigable is a means to advance trade, increafe watermen, and is for the good and advantage of the publick in general, befides the particular benefit which will thereby accrue to the towns or other parts adjacent or near to such rivers y be it therefore enacted, £$V.

Jofepb Goodman impowered to make the faid river navigable, making fa-tisfa&ion for c^nages, Commiflioners appointed for abutting rates and damages. ‘On Ton-appearance of the parties, the commifiioners may proceed to enquire of the damage. If the water be railed above its ufual height, fatisfa&ion is to be made for damage of adjacent lands. Rates for conveyance of goods: For every chaldron of coals, London meafore, is. For every hundred of deals, as. For every load of timber, fifty feet to the load, as. For every ten packs of wool, ten tod to the pack, is. For every load of wheat or barley, five quarters to the load, is. For every load of oats, od. For every load of beans and peafe, is. For every load of malt is. -For every ton of other goods, is. 6a. Proprietors of the mill may carry materials for its repair, and their corn, t6U free. Mailers of boats, See. refpodfible for damages. Perfons having estates adjacent to the river, may keep plealure boats. Privileges of fiihing and fowling not taken away.

CAP. XXXIV.

 An act to difable Alexander Wilfon, efquire, from takings bolding or enjoying any office or place of magifiracy, in the city of Edinburgh, dr clfewbere in Great Britain -, and for impojing a fine upon the corporation of the faid citym

WHEREAS upon Tuefday the seventh day of September* in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, there was a mojl feditious and outrageous riot in the city of Edinburgh, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, notorioufly * concerted and carried on by great numbers of wicked, diforderly, and bloed-thirfly persons, who did with open force and violence fiize the arms of the city guard\ pojpfs themselves of the city gates, and by fitting fire to and breaking open the door of the Talbooth of the faid city did unlawfully and audacioufiy refeui and fit at large fiveral criminals therein confined: and whereas captain John Porteous, then a prisoner there under fentence of death, but gracicufiy reprieved by the Queen's mojl excellent majefiy, as guardian of the realm, was by the faid riotens in a cruel manner dragged from the faid prison, and mojl barbaroufiy hanged by the neck, and murdered, in mamfefi violation of the publick peace, in defiance and fubverfion of legalgovernment, tn high contempt of our fovereign lord the King and his laws, and to the mojl prcfumptucus and unparallelled obftruftion of the royal mercy: and whereas for feme time before the committing of the faid mart her and riot it was commonly reported in the faid city of Edinburgh, that fome such atrocious fa ft would be attempted, which by proper care in the magijlrates, citizens, and inhabitants of the faid city might have been prevented; nctwithfianding which, Alexander Wijllbn efquirey then and now provojl of the Jaid city, and then ac-

tuallj%

T737'l Anno decimo Georgii II. c. 35.

faalfy rejident in the faid city, and fully apprized of the fatd wicked defign, did not take any precautions to prevent the faid murther and not, nor ufe the proper or neceffary means to fupprejs the fame, or to preferve the peace of the faid city, or after the perpetration of the Jaid fait, to difcover, apprehend or fecure the authors, afters or abetters thereof, m manifeft violation of the truji and duty of his office of thief magijlrate of the faid city: nor were any means or endeavours ufed by the citizens and inhabitants of the faid city to prevent or fupprefs the faid notorious riot, or to hinder the faid inhuman and barbarous murther, or to difeover the persons concerned therein, in Order to bring them to jujlice: now, in order to exprefs the higheft delegation and abhorrence of the faid murther and riot, and to to the end that the faid enormous mifbehaviours and ncgletf s of duty herein before mentioned may not go unpunilbed, and that other persons may not prefume through hopes of impunity to b* guilty of the like for the future; be it enacted, Vc.

The provoft difabled from holding any office of magiftracy. A new pro-▼oft to be chofen. Fine on the corporation.

CAP. XXXV.

An off for the more effetlual bringing to jujlice any persons concerned in the barbarous murther of captain John Porte-ous, and punijhing fucb as Jhall knowingly conceal any of the . faid offenders.

WHEREAS upon Tuefday the seventh day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, great numbers of wicked, dejperate and blood-tbirjly persons of mojl deteflable principles unlawfully affembled within the city of Edinburgh, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, with open force and violence feized the arms of the city guard, poffeffed themjelves of the city gates, broke open the door of the Talbooth of the faid city, and laid violent hands upon captain John Porteous then a prisoner there under fentence of death, but gracioufly reprieved by the Queen*smoft excellent Majesty as guardian of the realm, and having in a cruel manner dragged him from the faid prison, hanged him by the neck, and barbarmtjly murthered him, in manifeft violation of the publick peace, in defiance and fubverfton of legal government, in high contempt of our fovereign lord the King and his laws, and to the moft prefumptuous and unparallelled obftruftion of the royal mercy: and whereas many of the wicked and defperate persons afting, aiding, and affifting in committing the faid outrages, riot and barbarous murther, have abfeonded, and fled, to avoid their being brought to jujlice: and whereas upon difeoveries already made, criminal letters under thefeal of the court of jufticiary in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, have been rftfed and executed against several of the faid per-Jons\ and, upon further difeovery, the like procefs may be iffued out of the faid court against others who have likcwife withdraw them-Jehes; be it therefore ena&ed, &c.

Fugitives not furrendering themfelves, to fuffer death. Upon their fur-

M 4.	ren*



168	Anno	decimo	Gf.orgii	II.	c.	36,37.	[1737.

render to be committed. Perfons concealing them to futfer death. Thii aft to be read every first Sunday in the month for one year.

CAP. XXXVI.

 An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft parted In the 'eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For % repairing tbe highways Jrom the Hones end at Whitechapel Church, in the county Middlesex, to Sbenfiela, and to tbe furtbermofl part of tbe fartfb of Woodford, leading to tbe towh of Epping, in tbe county of Kflex; ana for repairing the road leading from the caufeway in theparifh of Low Layton (through Wanftead) to the end of the panfh of Woodford next to the p^rirti of Chigwell, in the faid county of Eflex.

Tbe tolls are farther continued for *i years.

CAP. XXXVII.

 An act to prevent the aft made in tbe twenty first year of the reign of King James tbe Firft, intituled,,  An act for limitation of aftions, and for avoiding fuits in law, being pleaded, injifted on, or taken advantage of, by any persons claiming under tbe lafi will of Richard Norton efquire, of Southwick, deceafed, agatnft any claim, title or demand which Thomas Norton efquire, bath to or upon tbe toaster of Old Alresford, and lands in tbe county of Southampton, fettled by indenture of the fifth of March, one tboufand fin hundred and fifty feven, or tbe rents and profits thereof \

^UTTHEREAS Richard Norton, bate of Southwick ik jthe ▼ V county ^Southampton, efquire, by writing dated on or about the twenty fourth of June, one tboufandfeven hundred and fourteen, importing to be bis left will and teftament fafter his funeral Ox*

• fences, legacies and debts Jhall be fully and punctually discharged and paid) devifes, wills, and gives all his real and perfonal e* fate (except as therein mentioned) to the poor, (that is to fay) to the poor, hungry, and thirfly, naked and fir angers, feck and Wounded, and prisoners; and appoints the poor alovefaid to be bis abfolute heir and heirs to the end of the world, and conftituta the legiflature of Great Britain his executors : and whereas by tvirtue t q	of an act of parliament made and paffed in thefixthyear of his present

3*. a. Majeftfs reign, intituled.  An act to enable certain perfom to propound the papers importing to be the lad will, codicils, and teftamentary fchedules of Richard Norton late of Southwick in the bounty of Southampton, efquire, deceafed, in the prerogative court of Canterbury, and to fue for adminiftration with the fame annexed ; Mark Frecker, Nicholas Paxton, and John Lawton efquires, were appointed to propound the faid paper-writing, or teftamentary fchedule, and to take adminiftration, Jo far as relates to tbe perfonal estate of the faid Richard Norton, and to apply and adm-nifler the fame according to tbe rules of law and equity; and they have accordingly obtained letters of adminiftration from the ecdefuiftical court with the faid paper-writing or teftamentary fihedulc ^annexed, and poffejfed the faid Richard Norton9 s perfonal estate to a very great Value ; and whereas Thomas Norton fl/ixworth, in the county of

Suffplk,



1738.]' Anao undcdmo Geqrgii II. c. 1, t.	16y

Suffolk, efquire, lays claim to the manor of Old Alresford, and other lands and tenements in, the county of Southampton, lately pof-fejjed by the (aid Richard Norton, deceafed, and, to the rents and profits thereof or of feme part thereof from the year one thousand seven hundred and eight, down to the time of the death of the faid Richard Norton, by virtue of d fettlement made of the premiffes, hr of feme part thereof by indenture hearing date on or about the fifth day of March, one thousand fix hundred and fifty seven : and where- ai Jac. 1. c, id. os by an aft of parliament, made and pajfid in the twenty firjl year of the reign of King Tames the Fir ft, intituled. An for limitation of a&ions, ana for avoiding Of fuits in lawy it was amongft other things enaftei, that no person or persons fhould at any time thereafter make any entry into any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, but within twenty years next after his or their right or title Jbculd accrue to Ike fame; and that all aft ions of debt for arrearages of rent fhould be commenced within fix years after fucb caufe of aftm accrued: and whereas the faid Thomas Norton about Michaelmas term, in the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty three, did exhibit bis bill in the high court of Chancery against the faid adminiflrators, and his Majesty's attorney general, for a aifeovery, account of andfatisfaction for the profits of the premiffes, while the faid Richard Norton held the fame: and whereas the faid adminijirators have in their an* fiver to the faid bill infifted on thefiatute of limitations, in bar to the faid Tltomas Norton; demands, and hope to have the like advantage thereof as if they had pleaded the fame, & c.

Anno undecimo GEORGII II.

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Westminster,.

the fourteenth day of January, Anno Dorn. 1734, a in Jan“ar*. the eighth year of the reign of our	fovereig GEO R GE

the	Second, by the Grace of God,of Great Britain, France,	u/jpu

and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations to the twenty fourth Januar. anno day of January 1737.	Being	the fourth session of

farUamtnU	in	record*

CAP. I.

An a& for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and peiTy, in that port of Great Britain called England .; and for granting to hit Ma-jefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the lervice of the year one thousand (even hundred and thirty eight. Exp,

CAP. II.

An fpr punUbing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters^ Exp,

CAP,





170	Anno undccuno Georgii II. c. $,—6. [173^.

CAP. HI.

 An act for repairing the road leading from the Trent Bridge in the countjr of the town of Nottingham, through Coftock, otherwise Cortlingftoclc Lane, to the bridges, commonly known by the name of Cotes Bridge** „	in	the county of Leicefter.

Certain tolls ari grantedfrom 10 May, 1718Jbr %\ years.

CAP. IV.

, An aR for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixtb part of a perm fterling* upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for fale, brought into, vended* tapped or fold within the town of Aberbrothock, and liberties thereof.

Preamble. ‘1X7 HERE AS the Jituation of the town of Aberbrothock in

VV the Jhire 0/" Forfar is fuch, that a commodious harbour there will not only tend to the advantage of the trade within the faid town* but be of great ufe to the navigation in general upon the northern coajls of that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and whereas fomt yearsfince theharbour there becamefo decay ed,that it was hazardous for fmall vejfels to fail into the fame, whereupon the then provof, baiuies* and council of the faid town, did caufe the foundation of a new harbour to be laid, and the work was carried on for fome years at thefoie expence of the faid town and inhabitants thereof \ whereby large debts were contracted, and they being unable to proceed in the faid work, fe-veral charitable contributions were made and duly applied towards carrying on the fame: and whereas the faid town are uncapablt to fimfb and compleat the worfy of the faid harbour (fo necejfary for the fub-fijlence of the faid town, and ufeful to the trade thereof) and to dif-charge the debts already contracted on account thereof, and to rebuild the town-houfe and common prison of the faid town, which are now very old and decayed, and to repair the Jlreets and caufeways, which are (n a very ruinous condition, unless fome other provifm be made for raising money for thofe purposes, &c.

The duty is granted from 1 May, 1738 ,far *5 years, Scq;

CAP. V.

 An act for taking down and rebuilding the church of the pari(b of All Saints in the city ot Worcefter.

CAP. VI.

 An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by two afts of parlia* ment, one of the third, and the other of tne tenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For repairing the highways from that part ^Counters Bridge which ties in the pari/b of Kenfington, in the county of Middlesex, leading through the towns ^Brentford and Hounflow, to the Powder Mills in the road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge m the fail county, in the road /oColnbrooke.

The tolls are farther continued for %\ years % and to the end of the next fifflon of

Parliament.

cap.

 



i738«] Anno undedmo Georgxi II. c.7.

CAP. VII.

An all for continuing the term and powers granted and given by the alts pa fed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of Ksng William the Thirds and in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of bis late Majesty King George, for repairing the harbour of Dover, in the county <?/Kent •, and for reftoring the harbour of Rye in the county of Sufiex, to its antient goodnefs.

WHEREAS an aft of parliament pajfed in the ninth year of Preamble, re-the reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An a<$ citing the a & for compleating the repairs of the harbour of Dover, in the 9Gco*,‘c‘3°* county of Kent\ and for reftoring the harbour of Rye, in the <x>unty of Suffix, to its ancient goodnefs, reciting, That an aft was made tn the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his late Majesty n & 11W. j. King William the Third, for the repair of the faid harbour of Do- c. 5. ver, and that a duty of three pence per ton was thereby laid upon all fucb Jhtps and veffels as are in the faid lafl mentioned alt, dejeribed, for raising a sum of money therein mentioned5 which faid duty was to commence from the firfi day of May, which was in the year of our Lord one thoufand/even hundred, ana to have continuance till the firjl day of May, which was in the year of our Lord one thousand /even hundred and nlne\ and also reciting, That the faid lafl mentioned aU was, by another alt made in the fecond year of the reign of her late , Majesty Sfueen Anne, continued from the thirtieth day of April, one ' tboufandjeven hundred and nine, until thefirjl doy of may, one thou- * nn**c*7* fand seven hundred and eighteen; and likeivtfe reciting, Tbat the faid two lafl mentioned alls were by another all mode in the fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George, further continued from the faid firjl day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, until 4Geo. i.c. 13. the firjl day of May, one thousand seven hundred and twenty feven; and it was by the faid all pajfed in the ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majesty King George*, further recited, That it was found, the faid fum intended to be raised by the faid all of the eleventh and twelfth years of his faid late Majesty King William the Third, was notfujficient for the purposes of the faid former alls (feveral breaches and unforefeen accidents having happened by Jlorms and the rage of the fea, and extraordinary works having been found neceffary to be done for ft curing the faid harbour of Dover) and that unless a further fum was raised the faid harbour could not be ejfellually repaired and fecur-ed according to the intent of the faid former alls, but that the ufeful works then begun and carried on for the benefit of the publick, would be wholly loJl> and the faid harbour again fall to decay, and the town itfelf be in danger of being utterly lojl^ and defrayed; and it was also netted by the faid all made in the ninth year of his faid late Majesty King George, That the ancient harbour of Rye was J'ormerly of great , ufe and benefit to trade and navigation, but the fame was then choaked up and atmofi ruined by the Jhifting of the beach without, and fettling if the fullage within, and by flopping the flux of the tide,fo that for

.	pre~



VJ2

Anno nndedm66E0RGii II. c. 7.	[1738*

preventing the utter loft of the faid harbour tf/'Rye it was necejfary /# open the fame, and to let the' tide have free courfe through certain places in the faid loft oft mentioned near to the faid harbour, or into fucb a* ther tut or channel as Jbould be found mo ft proper and expedient to re-Jlore the faid harbour ; wherefore, and to the end the works at Dover harbour might be compleated, andfinijhed, and the fame harbour be effectually repaired and fecured, and that the faid harbour of Rye might be repaired and refiored to its ancient goodnefs, andfecured for the benefit of trade ana navigation, it v$ds by the faid lafl mentioned aft en-afted, That the faid afts respectively made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his late majefy King William the Thirds and the fecondyear of the reign of her late majefy Queen Anne (for the repair of Dover harbour) and every claufe, matter, dr thing in them ' or either of them contained, and nbt altered by the faid aft made in the ninth year of the reign of his faid late majefy King George, Jbould continue and be in full force and virtue tiu the firf day of May, which fall be in the year of our Lord one thousand jeven hundred and forty four, for the purposes in the faid former afts, and the faid aft of the ninth far of his faid late majefy King George, mentioned; ana that the faid duty of three pence per tun granted by the faid firf recited aft% made in the eleventh and twelfth yean of the reign of his faid late majefy King William the Third, for the repair of Dover harbour, upon all jhjps and vejfels therein deferibed, Jbould by virtue of the faid aft made in the ninth year of the reign of bis faid late majefy King George, from the faid firf day of May, one thousand seven hundred and twenty three, be couefted and received in such manner, and by fucb officer* and persons refpeftively, as in and by the faid recited aft of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of bis faid late niajefy King William the Third, was directed and appointed; which Jaid duty of three pence per tun was by the faid aft of the ninth year of bis faid loGeo* i.c.7. ^te maJefiy King George, directed to be appropriated, divided, and * paidfor the benefit ofthefaid harbours ofDo\tratidKyt,refpeftively, in manner foildiving; that is to fay, one third thereof Jbould be paid to the treafurtr for Dover harbour for the time being, to be applied to such ujes and purposes, as in and oy the faid former afts are directed; and the other two thirds Jbould be paid to fucb person as Jhould be appointed treafurer for the faid harbour of Rye: and whereas by another aft pajfed in the tenth year of the reign of his faid late majefy King George, for making more effectual the faid aft made in the ninth year of his reign, for cornpleating the repairs of the faid harbour of Dover, and for r faring the faid harbour of Kye to its ancient goodnefs,[0 far as the fame related to the harbour 0/Kye, it was recited, That it was found, that the faid harbour of Kye might be made more ufeful and commodious, by opening and making a new cut or channel from the Winchelfea channel, right out to the fea, than if the method propofed by the faid recited aft made in the ninth year of the reign of his Jaid late majefy King George, Jhould be purfued : hut it being doubted whether the powers given by the faid lafi mentioned aft did extend to the making any new cut or channel elfewhere than in the places deferibed in the Jaid aft; therefore to explain and amend thefaid }afi mentioned aft) it if Wafted) That the commijfimrs and the trufees

far



x73

1738.]	. Anno undcdmo Georgii II. c.8.

for repairing ond rejloring to its ancient goodnefs the faid harbour of Rye, and their fucc$ffor$y or any eleven or more of them) Jhall and may ere ft) or order andjaufe to be done from time to time, all matters and things which they Jhall find orjudge necejfary for opening or making any new,cut or channel from Winchelfea water to the fea ; and for doing all other works necejfary for offering the purposes of thelaid aft pajfed in the tenth year of the reign of his feud late Majesty king George: and whereas very large fums 0/money have been Lid out and expended in carrying on the repairs of both the (aid harbours, and great progrefs hath been made in fucb repairs9 but the fame cannot be finijbed and com-pleated, unless the term'and powers granted and given in and by the faid former afts be further continued and enlarged ; to the end therefore that fo ufeful and beneficial works for the  service of trade and navigation may be effedlually carried on and performedt may it pleafe your Majesty that it may be ena&ed, &c.

The aft of 9 Geo. s. c. 30. continued for si year*. The duties to discharge debts contracted by this and the former afts. Duties aflignable for money borrowed.

CAP. VIIL

An aft far continuing the terms and powers granted and given by the afts pajfed in the twelfth and thirteenth year of the * reign of bis late Majesty King William, and the tenth year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, For recovering, Securing, and keeping in repair the harbour of Minehead\ in the county of Somerfet.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the twelfth and D Wl

thirteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty King William siting the* aft the thirds intituled,  An act for recovering, fecunng, and keeping im & 13W. 3. in repair the harbour of Minehead for the benefit and support of c. 9. the navigation and trade of this kingdom; certain duties lover and befiies the ancient and cufiomary duties and acknowledgments before the faffing the faid alt accujlomed to be paid to Treeonwell Lutterell, efijuirC) and his ancejlors) were by the find recited aft laid upon such goods, merchandizes and Jhipping% as are therein particularly mentioned ; which duties were granted to commence from and after the twenty fourth day of June, which was in the year of our Lord one tboufani seven hundred and one, and to have continuance for the term of twenty one years, and to the end of the then next fejfion of parliament, for building out a new head, clearing the beach and other works for the fettering) preferving) amending, and maintaining the pier and harbour of Minehead: and whereas) in purfuance of the faid aft) a new head hath been built by the order of the trujlees impowered to put the faid aft in execution 5 but the faid whole duties not being fufficient to defray the charge of complecting andfitnjhing the faid pier, exclufive of the yearly oxpence of repairing what had been done, by reajon of the great rage and conjlant flowing of the fea on the fame) all the faid rates, duties, andfums of money by the faid aft laid and granted, were) by another aft made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majefiy Queen Anne ioAnn*,e.*4. 2	'



*7+

Anno tindedmo Georgn II. c. 9,—n.

' for prolonging the term for payment of the faid duties granted by the faid recited ait made in the twelfth and thirteenth year of his late Majesty King William the Third) further continued» charged upon* and made payable for an additional term of fixteen years, to commence from and after the expiration of the laid term of twenty one years fa granted and given as aforesaid: ana whereas the money colleited by the duties granted and continued hath been duly laid out for the several purposes in the faid recited ails mentioned, but the fame hath proved deficient to defray the expences thereof \ and it being neceffary to keep the mouth ofthe faid harbour clearfrom the beach or great quantities of Jlones that are continually forced into it by the violence of the fea+ whereby the fame is frequently choaled up, and to carry on other works in order to fecure the faid harbour, and to keep the fame in repair for the benefit and support of the navigation and trade of this kingdom, which cannot be done, unless the terms and powers granted mnd given by the faid former ails (which will expire on the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufandfeven hundred and thirty eight) be further continued and enlarged: To the end therefore that the faid works may be compleated and finilhed, and the mouth of the faid harbour kept clear of the beach, and the faid pier be effectually repaired and fecured for the future, may it pleafe your ' Majesty that it may be ena&ed, tdc.

The former afts continued for 4.0 years. If the harbour be not kept m repair, the duties to ceafe.

CAP. IX.

 An act for the relief of such prisoners for debt as have by unavoidable accidents loft the benefit of an aft pafted in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled. An ad fir the relief of infohvent debtors ; and for the indemnity ■of such (tariffs and gaolers as have incurred any penalties on account of such prisoners not being discharged ; and for extending the benefit of the faid aft to creditors, whole debtors were committed to prison finoe the first day of January, one thousand (even hundred and thirty, and were detained there upon the first day of January one thou fane! (even hundred and thirty fix, and have chofe to continue there. Sheriffs, See. to make a lift of prisoners, and deliver it to the feftions, See. Pritonera intitled to a di(charge by the late debtors aft, to be releafed by the juft ices, after 24. June, 1738. Sheriffs, See. Trefpaflers against the former aft, indemnified, if they conform to this aft. EXP.

CAP. X.

 An act for enlarging the term and powers granted and given by an aft pafTed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George, For repairing tke roads from Lemsford Mill, in the county of Hertford, to Wet* *wyn, and from tbence to Cory's Mill, and from Welwyn, through Codicot, to kitchen, m the faid county j and affo for repairing the roads from Cory's MM to Hitchen aforesaid.

The tolls granted by ix Geo. 1. c 10. are farther continued for 21 years, and to

the end of the next ftjjum of parliament,

CAP. XI.

 An act for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills mide by papifts, and for relief of proteftant purchafcrs, devifees, and leffees.

CAP,

~v

 (^.ooQle

1738 ] Anno undecimo Georgii II. c. 12,—• 15.	17$

CAP. XII.

 An act for continuing of an act made in the fixtb year of the reign of bis present Majesty, intituled,  An act for the better regulation of laftage and balaftage in thc river Thames.

WHEREAS an.aft made in the fixth year of the reign of his Preamble, re-prefent Majesty, intituled, An act for the better regulation 1.0.19. of laftage and balaftage in the river Thames, which was to be in force from the fir ft day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty three, for and during the space of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, is near expiring; and whereas the faid aft has been found to be a very ufeful law, and to Send greatly to the preservation of the faid river Thames, and thereby to promote and encourage the trade of this kingdom; be it enabled by the King’s most excellent tnajeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid a (ft, and all and every the powers, authorities, claufes, and provifions therein contained, shall be and Continuatiott continue, and the fame is and are hereby continued in force, f°r 7 year*, from and after the expiration of the terra in the faid ad limited as aforesaid, for and during the further term of seven years xgGeo.».c.ai* thence next enfuing, and to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XIII.

An act to enlarge the term and power* granted by an ad of parliament made and palled in the third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled.  An act to enable the tarijhioners of the parijb of Saint Mary Rotberbitb, in the county of Surrey, by certain funeral rates therein mentioned, tofimfkthe faid panjh church, and to enable the faid parishioner*

' to raifc Inch further films of money as shall be neceflary for purebaiing a convenient piece of ground tor an additional burial ground, and foe other the purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XIV.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight. EXP. *$. in the pound,

CAP. XV.

An act to empower the court of lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London to let the price upon all coals, commonly called fea coals, imported into the port of London from Newcaftle and the ports adjacent thereunto, for the space of one year ; and to oblige, for tne term therein mentioned, fitters, and others vending and loading (hips with fea coal* at Newcaftle and the ports adjacent thereunto, to deliver such coals to any mafters of (hip* applying for the fame ; and Tor further obliging buyer* and (ellers of fea coals at Billingfgate or other place of fale within the bill* of mortality, to fign their contrads for coals ; and for the admeafurement of all carriages whatfoe^er ufed in loading (hips with coals in the port of Newcaftle and members thereunto belonging.

Lord mayor and aldermen to fet the price upon all fea coals imported into the port of London, for one year; who have power to call before them ail persons* and examine them as witneffes, &c. Perfons felling

coals



i j6	.	Anno undceimo Gijq^gii II. c»i	[1738*

coals at a higher price to forfeit 36 s. for every chaldron. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fe(fion$, &c. Fitters, See. of fea coals, at Newcaftle, &c. refufing to deliver to matter of (hip, a loading of coals, upon, his offering money* Sec. for them* to forfeit 5001. until 1 May, 1739* EXP.

3	Geo. a. c. 16. VI. AND whereas by an act made in the third year of his present i* Majesty"s reign* intituled,  An act for the better regulation of* the coal trade, it was enafted* that from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one tfoujdnd seven hundred and thirty* all bargains or tontraftsfor coals between buyer audfeller at the market j/'Billingfgate, or other place of/ale within the bills of mortality* Jpall by the crimp or faftor who has the difpofal of fuel) coals* be fairly entered* with the conditions thereof* in the pocket or other boot offuch crimp or faftor* fubfribed by the feller and the buyer* and Witnejfed by the /aid crimp or faftor \ yet* notwithstandingfuch aft* many of the buyers andfellers of coals have neglefted or refujed to fign Buyers and	contra^5	m	tnanner	aforefaid; therefore be it enabled by the

fetters of coals authority aforesaid, that from and after the first day of June* at Billingfgate one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, if any buyer or to fign all feller of coals at Billingfgate* or other place of file within the made^tween	morta**ty>	being	thereunto	required,	(hall	refufe	or	neg-

thcof, under*1 le<3 t0 Ac contrails in such manner as by the faid recited penalty ot 30I. aft is directed, that then and in such cafe every (beh buyer and feller respectively fo refufing or neglecting (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to such person or persons as shall fue for the fame in any of his Majcf-ty’s courts of record at IVeftminJler within the space of fix months after such offence committed.

Matter of (hip VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, hi *owneCCat0 ^at ^rom an(* a^cr Ae fcid first day of June* every matter of copy of such a Aip carrying coals as aforesaid shall after every refpeftive voy-contraft fign- age made by him produce to his owner or owners (when required by the ed) a copy of such contraft or contrafts figned by the crimp or crimp or fac- faftor \n whofe book the faid contraft is or shall be entered a9 naltyof af°rcfifid > and *n ca^e °f refufal such matter fo refufing shall for-y * * feit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and difpof-ed of as aforesaid.

VIII.	And whereas by an act made and pajfed in the fixth and ft-venth year of the reign of bis late Majesty King William the Third* intituled*  An act for the better admeafurement of keels and keel boats in the port of Newcaftle* and the members thereunto belonging, it was enafted, That commijjioners Jhould from time to time be appointed by his then Majesty* his neirs and fuccefjors* for the ad-meafuring and marking all and any the keels* pan-keels* ana pan-boats; and other boats, and wains *nnd carts ufed*or any time thereafter iobe ufedfor the carriage ofcoals in the port ^Newcaftle upon T yne, Sunderland upon the river Wear, Cullercoats, Seaton Sluice, Blythe Nook, and all other places within the counties of Northumberland and Durham, and all and every the members* havens* rivers* creeks* cpd places whatsoever* to the faid port 0/Newcaftle, and counties aforesaid belonging* which faid odm$qfwr$m$nt Jhould fo by a dead

weight



177

*73^3 Anita uhdecimo Gborg'ii II. c. i

weight of lead or iron or otherwise, as Jhould fiem meet to the jaid ummiffioners, of any three of them, allowing fifty three hundred weight to raery chaldron of coals; and which faid keels, boats, wains, or carts were thereby direfted to be admeafured of marked at the timet and places, and in manner therein mentioned : and whereas fince the making the faid recited aft, divers persons concerned in the coal trade have ufied and employed waggons, barrows, and other carriages, not mentioned, fpecified, or comprized within the direft ions of the faid aft, whereby divers frauds, deceits, and abufes have arifen, to the great prejudice and damage of the buyers and fellers of coals, and the diminution of his Majesty s cufloms ; wherefore for preventing foch frauds and abufes for the future, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the faid first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for the commilTtoners appointed or to be^a on9 &c appointed by virtue and in purfuanceof the faid former aft, oru^n^oadiuz any three pr more of them, to admeafure, weigh, and mark, (hips with or caufe to be admeafured, weighed, and marked, all waggons, coals, barrows, and all other carriages whatsoever, ufed, or hereafter tobeufed and employed, in loading (hips with coals in the port of Newcajlle, and members thereunto bdonging j and that such admeafurement, weighing, and marking shall be made and takr en by such rules and methods, and at such places, as in and by the faid former aft is directed and apppointed concerning the wains and carts thereby directed and appointed to be admeafured. p ...

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, u lcleaa« That this aft shall be deemed and taken to be a publick aft to all intents and purposes, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, juftices, and other persons whatsoever with* out the fame being fpecially pleaded or fet forth.

CAP. XVI.

 An act for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny Sterling on each pint of ale and beer that shall be vended or fold within the town of Inverne* and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the faid town, and other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an aft pajfed in the fifth year of the reign ofPreamble re-his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An aft citing the aft for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a pen- 5 Gc©. **c# l7» ny SterlingT upon every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended or fold within the town of Invernes, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the faid town, and for building a church, and making a harbour there ; it was enafted, 7hat a duty of two pennies Scots’, or one fixth part of a penny Sterling (over andabove the duty of excife paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fuccejjors) jhould from and after the first day of June, one thousand Jeven hundred and nineteen, for and during the term of nineteen years, and to the end of the then next fejjion of parliament, be laid upon every Scots pint of ale and beer that Jhould be brewed, brought in, or Vol.XVIL	N	vended

Coramiflionpn appointed by aft of 6 & 7 W. 3. may admeafure, mark, See. all

Anno undecimo Georgii II. c. 16.	[175?.

ttended, tapped, or fold within tbt f aid town and privileges thereof; and that the faid impofition or duty Jhould be paid and made payable by the brewery vintners, fellers, and tapfters of the faid ale and beery for and during the term aforesaid, to the magifirates and town council of the faid town, and their juccejfors in office for the time being, and their ajftgns or collectors, for the ufe of the community thereof, to be applied towards the difcharge of the debts of the town then owed, towards repairing the cnurches, building a new one, and providing for a minifter or minifiers for the fame, and improving their harbour for the encouragement of trade andprefervation of /hipping: and whereas at the commencement of the faid duty the yearly produce thereof at a medium of the firjl five years, amounted to about three hundred and eighty five pounds Sterling, which encouraged the provoji, bailies, and town council of the faid town (who by the faid aft were appointed truf-tees for executing the purposes thereof) to enter upon a defign of greatly enlarging and improving their harbour \ in order whereto they pur-chafed fome grounds, rented fome quarries, built boats for transporting Jlone, and aftually expended about two thoufandfeven hundred and ninety pounds Sterling in deepning their harbour, and eroding proper quays and bulwarks for the improvement andfecurity thereof, whereby their harbour is much more commodious than formerly, though far from being completed: and whereas towards carrying on this work the faid magifirates and town council were obliged to borrow fevered fums of money, having employed the produce of the duty for fome years after the commencement thereof to the payment of the town's debts, and other purposes of the grant, by the approbation of the overfeers appointed by the faid aft : and whereas though the faid magifirates and town council had reason from the produce of the duty for tic firjl five years thereof to make efi mates, and form their defign as they did, yet the event hath not anfwered their expectation, for the duty has been finking gradually thefe thirteen years pafi, infomuch that at a medium of the produce for the four years immediately preceding the twenty third of June lafi the annual amount does not come up to one hundred and twenty eight pounds, chiefly occafioned as is apprehended by the ex-Mjffive ufe of run tea and brandy, to which the inhabitants are encouraged by thelowncfs of the price, whereby the confumption of beer and ale is greatly leffened, as well as traders in the fair way are undone : and whereas this unexpected finking of the produce of the duty has been the caufe, that the faid magifirates and town council have not been able to complete their harbour,\now advanced to a tonfiderable length, nor to difcharge the debts contracted for carrying it on, and the grant being to determine at the end of this present fejfion of parliament, the harbour mufl remain unfini/hed, and the town, the proper revenue whereof is very inconfderable, mufl remain fubjeft to the debts contracted for the ufe of the harbour, unless they are relieved by the continuance of the duty granted by the aforesaid aft, &c.

He duty is further continued for »i years, and to the end of tbe next fffion if

parliament.

CAP.



i?38.] Anno Undcdmo Georgi!II. a if,

CAP. XVII.

An act for fecuring the plates of papifts conforming to the pro* tejlant religion, against the difabilities created by several ads of parliament relating to papifts ; and for rendering more effedual the several ads of parliament made for veft~ ing in that part of Great Britain called England the pre* § fentations of benefices belonging to papifts.

WHEREAS persons prof effing or educated in the popifh relr gion, are by divers ads of parliament fubjeded to several difabilities and incapacities, which may affed persons conforming from the popi/b to theproteftant religion: and whereas many persons have already conformed to the proteftant religion, and are willing to fubmit to his Majeftfs government in as full and ample manner as any other of owners of any his Majeftfs fubjeds, and others are likely fo to do ; be it therefore eftate, being enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the papifts,on con-advice andconfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-roons in this present parliament aflembled, and bv the authori- ft”ntsclaiming ty of the fame, That all and every person or perions being re- under them, t<* puted owner or owners* or in pofleflion or receipt of the rents poflefs inch and profits of any manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or	f^ecl

hereditaments, or of any interest therein, who having been, or	incurred

reputed to be a paptft or papifts, or educated in the popifh reli- by such own-gion, hath or have conformed to, or hereafter shall conform to. ers, &c. unlef* and profefs, the proteftant religion, and hath or have taken, or the persons in-(hall take the oaths of allegiance, fupremacy, and abjuration, advantas^of and also fubferibed, or shall fubfcribe, the declarations fet down such difakility and exprefled in an act of parliament made in the thirtieth year shall recover of the reign of the late king Charles the Second, intituled, An by judgment ad for themore effedual preferving the King’s person andgovernment, bTco m- ** by difabling papifts from fitting in either houfe of parliament, to be mcnced with-by him, her, or them repeated and fubferibed in the courts of in 6 calendar Chancery, or King's Bench% or quarter feilions-of the county where months before fiich person or persons lhall refide (all which shall be recorded j™ conform-in one of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminfier% or such quarter sessions as aforesaid) and all and every person and perfona bring proteftants, claiming under such person or persons con-* forming and performing the requifites as aforesaid, for their own benefit, or for the benefit of any other proteftant or proteftants* and not for the benefit of any papift or papifts* shall hold, paf-fefs, and enjoy all such manors, mefluages^lands, tenements and hereditaments, freril and discharged of and from the difabilities and incapacities in the faid a<3s, or any of them contained, incurred, or fuppofed to be incurred by such person or persons fo reputed owner or owners, or in pofleflion, or receipt of the rents and profits as aforesaid, or by any other person or persons, by* from, or through whom the title to such manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest therein, was or shall be derived, or fuppofed to be derived, for such eftate, right, title, or intereft, as he, (he, or they had, or would have

N a '	had*

 UooQle

l 8o-	Anno	undecixno	GeoRGH	II.	C.	17.	£1738*

had, if no fuchdifabilityor incapacity had been incurred; unless ' the person or persons intitled to take advantage of such disability, incapacity, or defedt of title, bath or have adtually and bona fide recovered, or shall hereafter recover, such manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by judgment or decree, in fome adlion or fun already commenced, or hereafter to be commenced, fix calendar months at lead before the making of foch record, and to be profecuted with due diligence.

II.	Provided nevertheless. That this adt, or any thing hereip contained, shall not take away or prejudice the right of any person or persons intitled to take advantage of such difability or incapacity, who now is or are in the adtual pofleflion of, or shall have, precedent to the making of such record, been in quiet pofleflion of any such manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by the space of two calendar months.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any such person or persons fo conforming as aforesaid, (hall, after such conformity, return to, or again pro-fefs, the popi(h religion, every such person and persons shall for ever afterwards be difabled from, and be incapable of, having or enjoying any benefit, privilege, or advantage of this gdt, and shall from thenceforth be liable to the lame disabilities, incapacities, and forfeitures, as if he, (he, or they had not taken the faid oaths, and fubferibed the declaration as aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	Provided always. That nothing in thisadl contained shall extend to take away or prejudice the right of any person intitled to any remainder or revcrfion in any such manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in cafe such person shall purfue his or her /aid right by fome action or fuit to be commenced within the space of twelve calendar months next after the precedent estate or eflates, on which such remainder or re-verfion depends and is expedtant, shall be determined; or within twelve calendar months, from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, if such precedent estate or estates be already determined by the death or deaths of any person or persons, whofe deaths have been concealed from, or not known to, the person intitled to such remainder or reverfion, by reason of their having been buried beyond the Teas, or in a private and clandeftine manner at home, and shall profecute such adtion or fuit with due diligence.

1Jt Ann* (tx. * • And whereas by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign c. 14.	* of Queen Anije, for rendring more effectual an act made in the third

and 1W. Sc M. year of the reign of King James the Firfy intituled, An adt to ft.i.c.26. prevent and avoid dangers which may grow by popi(h recu^ fants; and also one other all made in the frjt year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An adt to veft in the two univerfities the presentations of benefices belonging to pa-. pifts; it was enafled, That every papift or person mating profejfion of the popijh religion, and even childy not being a pratedanty under

the

Not to prejudice the right of any perfon, who shall have been in pofleflion x calendar months.

Perfons returning to the popifh religion, not to nave any benefit by this

net.

This aft not to prejudice the right of any person intitled to any rever-lion, if purfued within xx calendar months, See.

 

113*.]	Anno undecimo GeoRGU II. c. ijr.	181

the age of one and twenty years, of every fucb papiJI or person pro-faffing the popijb religiony and every mortgagee* truftee* or person any ways intruded direBly or indireBly* mediately or immediately* by or for any fucb papiJI or person making profeffion of the popijb reli-gi§n* or fucb child as aforesaid* whether fucb trujl be declared by writing or not* fbould be dijabled and made incapable to present* collate* or nominate to any benefice* prebend* or eccleftajlical livings fcbool* hofpital* or donative* or to grant any avoidance of any bene-fia* prebend* or eccleftajlical living* and that every fucb presentation* collation* nomination* and grant* and every admiffion* injlitution* and induction to be made thereupon» Jbould be utterly void and of no effcB to all intents* conflruBions*' and purposes wbatfoever* and that m every fucb cafe the chancellor and fcholars of the univerfity of Oxford, and the chancellor and fcholars of the univerfity of Carn-bridge, Jbould refpeBively have the presentation* nomination, collation*. and donation of and to every fucb benefice* prebend* or ecclefi-aflical living* fchool* hofpital* and donative* fet* lying and being in the refpeBive counties* cities* and other places and limits in the faid aB of the third year of King James mentionedy as in and by the faid oB is direBed and appointed in the cafe of a popifh recufant conviB: and whereas for the better difcovery of all fecret trufis and fraudulent conveyances made by papijls or persons making profeffion of the popijb religion* of their advowfons ana right of presentation* nomination* and donation to any benefices or eccleftajlical livings* several provifsons were made by the faid aB of the twelfth year of the reign of f^ueen Anne, which have been fraudulently evaded by persons obtaining from such papijls* without a full and valuable confideration* grants of fucb advowfons and right of presentation* nomination, and donation* upon confidence only* that such grantees will* at the requejl offucb papijls* present to such benefices or ecclefajlical livings* clerks nominated by such papijls* who have been presented accordingly* contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid aBs* and to the great hurt of the protefiant interejl of this kingdom \ be it therefore cn-adted by the authority aforesaid, That every grant to be made Every ut from and after the fixth day of May* one thousand seven hun- made after 6 dred and thirty eight, of any advowfon or right of presentation, May, 1738, of collation, nomination, or donation, of and to any benefice, any ecclefiatti-prebend, or ecclefiaftical living, fchool, hofpital, or donative, 1 ^n5'apj^ and every grant or any avoidance thereof, by any papift, or ^cAoid, P * person making profeffion of the popifh religion, or any mortgagee, truftee, or person any ways intrufted diredtly or indirectly, mediately or immediately, by-or for any such papift or perfonmakingprofeffionofthepopifhreligion, whether such truft. be declared by writing or nor, shall be null and void, unless such grant lhall be made bona fide* and for a full and valuable unless made confideration tp and for a proteftant purchafer or proteftant f°r a valuably purchasers, and meerly and only for the benefit of a proteftant ™Tprote^ant or proteftants; and that every such grantee, or person claiming purchafe4#&c. under any such grant, shall be deemed to be a truftee for a papift or person profeffing the popifh religion as aforesaid, within tlje true intent and meaning of the faid a&j and that all fuch

N 3	gran-





Anno undecirfio Georgii II. c. x8.	[173$.

grantees, or persons claiming under such grants, and their presentees, shall be compelled to make such difcovery relating to such grants and presentations made thereupon, and by such methods, as in and by the faid adt of the twelfth vear of the reign of Queen Anne, are directed in the cafe of truuees of pals very devife pifts or persons profeffing the popifh religion; and that every made °f anv devife to be made from and after the faid Gxth day of Mayy by Vvlne after 6 any PaP^ or Perfon profefling the pdpifh religion, of any such f73S, by advowfon or right of presentation, collation, nomination, or a papift, void, donation, or any such avoidance, with intent to fecure the benefit thereof to the heirs or family of such papift or person profefling the popifti religion, shall be null and void, and that all such devifees, and persons claiming under such devifees, and their presentees, shall in the like manner, and by such me? thods, be compelled to difeover, whether to the beft of their knowledge and belief, such devifes were not made with the faid intent*

CAP. XVIII.

An all to continue two several alls therein mentioned \ one for encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty's plantations in America, and the other for the better feewring and encouraging the trade of bis Majesty's  sugar colonies in America.

fjrcamble.

The aft 5 Geo. ft. c.14. relating fo coffee, continued for

2	years. Far-ber continued by

3	jGeo.i.c.35.

The act 6 Geo. *. c.i \. relating to lugar, continued for 7 years. Farther continue^ by ft6Geo. %• c-3».

WHEREAS the laws herein after-mentioned are found to be very ufeful and beneficial to the publick, and are fo near expiring, that it is fit they Jhould now be continued; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That an aeft pafled in the fifth year of his present  Majesty’s reign, intituled. An all for encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty's plantations in America, which was to be in force from the twenty fifth day of Marche one thousand fe-ven hundred and thirty five, to the twenty fifth day of March% one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby continued from the time therein limited for the expiration thereof, for the term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That an adt made in the fixth year of his present  Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aH for the better fecuring and encouraging the trade cf his Majesty's  sugar colonies in America, which was to be in force from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand fe? ven hundred and thirty three, for the space of five years, and to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby continued from the time therein limited for

the

Announdecimo Georgii II. c. 19.

the expiration thereof, for the further term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament

1*1

CAP. XIX.

An all far the more effeftual fearring the payment of rents, and *

fecurity of rents, and to prevent frauds committed by tenants.

preventing frauds by tenants.

S the several laws heretofore made for the better Preamble.

have not proved fufficient to obtain the good ends and purposes de~ figned thereby, but rather the fraudulent practices of tenants, and the mifehief intended by the faid alts to be prevented, have of late years mcreafed, to the great lofs and damage of their lejfors or landlords*, for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your most excellent Majesty, that% it may be ena&ed; and be it enacted by the King’s moft' excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, in cafe any tenant or tenants, leflee or leflees for life or lives, term of years, at will, fufferance, or otherwise, of any meffuages, lands, tenements, or heredita-^ merits, upon the demife or holding whereof any rent is or shall be referved, due, or made payable, shall fraudulently or clan-deftinely convey away, or carry off or from such premifles, hisi her, or their goods or chattels, to prevent the landlord or lef-for, landlords or leffors, from diftraining the fame for arrears of rent lb referved, due, or made payable; it shall and may be Landlords lawful to and for every landlord or leffor, landlords or lenors, may diftrain within that part of Great Britain called England, dominion of an<l fell goods Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, or any person or offdie persons by him, her, or them for that purpose lawfully im- premi(fcs, powered, within the space of thirty days next enfuing such within 30’dayfl. conveying away or carrying off such goods or chattels as afore-faid, to take and feize such goods and chattels, wherever the fame shall be found, as a diftrefs for the faid arrears of rent; and the fame to fell, or otherwise difpofe of, in such manner as if the faid goods and chattels had a&ually been diftrained by such leflor or landlord, leflors or landlords, in and upon fuen premifles for such arrears of rent; any law, cuftom, or ufago to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

II.	Provided always. That no landlord or leffor, or other unlcfs fold tb person intitled to such arrears of rent, shall take or feize any anyperionnot such goods or chattels as a diftrefs for the fame, which shall PnvXt0 th® be fold bona fide, and for a valuable confutation, before such fraud*

* feizure made, to any person or persons not privy to such fraud as aforesaid; anything herein contained to the Contrary not* withftanding.

III,	And to deter tenants from such fraudulent conveying

N4

away



!&4

Penalty on the f.vd fraud, or sp iting thereto.

If the goods e^c?ed not the va.ue of 501. landlords to have recourfe to a juftices.

Anno undecimo Georgii II. c. i*j. [173$,

away their goods and chattels, and others from wilfully aiding or aififting therein, or concealing the fame; be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, if any such tenant or leflee (halj fraudulently remove and convey away his or her goods or chattels as aforesaid, or if any person or persons shall wilfully and knowingly aid or aflift any such tenant or leflee in such fraudulent conveying away or carrying off of any part of his or her goods or chattels, or in concealing the fame; all and every per-lon and persons fo offending shall forfeit and pay to the landlord or landlords, Jeflor or leflors, from whofe estate such goods and chattels were fraudulently carried off as aforesaid, double tha value of the goods by him, her, or them refpeCtively carried off or concealed as aforesaid; to be recovered by a<5tion of debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record at IVeftminJltr, or in the courts of feflion in the counties palatine of Chejlery Lan-cajler, or Durham refpe&ively, or in the courts of grand fe(Hon$ in Wales; wherein no effoin, protection* or wager of law shall be allowed, nor more than one imparlance.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-forefaid. That where the goods and chattels fo fraudulently carried off or concealed shall not exceed the value of fifty

founds, it shall and may be lawful for the landlord or laod-ords, from whofe estate iuch goods or chattels were removed, his, her, or their bailiff, fervant, or agent, in his, her, ot their behalf, to exhibit a complaint in writing against such offender or offenders, before two or more juftices of the peace of the fame county, riding, or divifion of such county, refidine near the place whence such goods and chattels were removed^ or near the place where the fame were found, not being inte-refted in the lands or tenements whence such goods were removed; who may fummon the parties concerned, examine the fa&, and all proper witnefles, upon oath, or if any such wit-nefs be one of the people called Quakers** upon affirmation required by law; and in a fummary way determine, whether such ' person or persons be guilty of the offence, with which he or they are charged; and to enquire in like manner of the value of the goods and chattels by him, her, or them refpedtively fo fraudulently carried off or concealed as aforesaid; and, upon full proof of the offence, by order under their hands and feals, the faid juftices of peace may and shall adjudge the offender or offenders to pay double the value of the faid goods and chattels to such landlord or landlords, his, her, or their bailiff, fervant, or agent, at such time as the faid juftices shall appoint: and in cafe the offender or offenders having notice of such order, shall refufe or neglect fo to do, may and fhall, by warrant under their hands and feals, levy the lame by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders; and for want of such diftrefs, may commit the offender or offenders to the houfc of correction, there to be kept to hard labour

with-





*73®*] Anno undccimo Georgii II. c. 19.	185

without bail or mainprize for the space of fix months, un-JeCs the money fo ordered to be paid as aforesaid shall be fopner latisfied.

. V. Provided alfo, That it shall and may be lawful for any perfon, who thinks himfelf aggrieved by such order of the faid two juflices, to appeal to the juftiqes of peace at their next ge- quarter fef-neral or cjuarter Tedious to be held for the fame county, rid- 110ns. ing, or divifion of such county, who may and shall hear and determine such appeal, and give such cods to either party as they shall think reafonable, whofe determination therein shall he final.

VI.	Provided alfo, That where the party appealing (jiall en- The 1 jufticet ter into a recognizance with one or two fufficient furety or order, on such fureties in double the fum fo ordered to be paid, with condi- appeal, not to tion to appear at fuch" general or quarter fefiions, the order of be cXccuted* the faid two jultices shall not be executed against him in the

mean time.

VII.	And be it further ena<ded by the authority aforesaid. Landlords ' That where any goods or chattels fraudulently or clandeftinely may break conveyed or carried away by any tenant or tenants, lefiee or h°ud* lefiees, his, her, or their fervant or fervants, agent or agents, fraudul^^ or other person or persons aiding or afiiding therein, shall feCured there* be put, placed, or kept in any houfev bam, dable, out-houfe, in ;

yard, clofe, or place locked up, fadened, or other wife fecured, fo as to prevent such goods or chattels from being taken and feized as a didrefs for arrears of rent; it shall and may be lawful for the landlord or landlords, leffor or lefiors, his, her, or their deward, bailiff, receiver, or other person or persons im-powered to take and feize, as a didrefs for rent, such goods qnd chattels (firft calling to his, her, or their affiftance the conftable, headborough, norlholder, or other peace officer of the hundred, borough, pari(h, diftridt, or place, where the qSZ) . lame shall be fufpedted to be concealed, who are hereby requir-' , ed to aid and aflift therein; and in cafe of a dwelling-houfe,

• oath being also fird made before fome iuftice of the peace of a reafonable ground to fufpedt that such goods or chattels are therein) in the day-time, to break open and enter into such houfe, bam, dable, out-houfe, yard, clofe, and place, and to take and feize such goods and chattels for the faid arrears of rent, as he, (he, or they might have done by virtue of this or any former adt, if such goods and chattels had been put in any open field or place.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, an<j may

That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of june9 which ftrain ftock or shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred cattle on the apd thirty eight, it shall and^ may be lawful to and for eveiy	for

leflor or landlord, leflors or landlords, or his, her, or their

fie ward, bailiff, receiver, or other person or persons impowered by him, her, or them, to take and feize, as a didrefs for arrears of rent, any cattle or ftock of their refpedtive tenant or tenants, feeding or depafturing upon any commpn, appendant

or



x86	Anno	undecimo	GeoRGII fl. C. *9*	[1731?*

or appurtenant, or any ways belonging to all or any part of the premises demited or holden; and also to take and tcizc all forts of corn and grafs, hops, roots, fruits, pulfe, or other produ& whatsoever, which shall be growing on any part of the estates fo demifed or holden, as a diftrefs for arrears of rent; and th6 fame to cut, gather, make, cure, carry, and lay up, whefx ripe, in the barns, or other proper place on the premises lo demifed or holden; and in cafe there shall be no tarn or prosper place on the premifTes fo demifed or holden, then in any other barn or proper place which such leflor or landlord, leflors or landlords shall hire or otherwise procure for that purpofe^ and as near as may be to the premifles; and in convenient time to appraife, fell, or otherwise difpofe of tt\e fame, towards (atisfa&ion of the rent for which such diftrefs shall have been taken, and of the charges of such diftrefs, appraifement, and fale, in the fame manner as other goods and chattels may b6 feized, di ft rained, and difpofed of; and the appraifement there* of to be taken when cut, gathered, cured, and made, and not before.

IX.	Provided always. That notice of the place where the

hav<f notice of 8°°^s and chattels fo diftrained lhall be lodged or depolited, the place	mall, within the space of one week after the lodging or depofit*

where the	ing thereof in such place, be given to such leflee or tenant, or

dritref8 is	left at the iaft place of his or her abode ; and that if after any

gc *	diftrefs for arrears of rent fo taken, of com, grafs, hops, roots,

fruits, pulfe, or other pfodud which shall be growing as afore* Diftrefs of laid,an<* at any time before the fame shall be ripe and cut, cured, com, &c. to or gathered, the tenant or leftee, his or her executors, admini-ceafe, if rent ftrators, or afligns, shall pay, or caufe to be paid to the leflor or be paid before landlord, leflors or landlords, for whom such diftrefs shall be it be cut.	taken, or to the fteward or other person ufually employed to re-

ceive the rent of such leflor or leflors, landlord or landlords, the whole rent which shall be then in arrear, together with the full cofts and charges of making such diftrefs, and which shall have been occafioned thereby; that then, and upon such payment, or lawful tender thereof actually made, whereby the end of such diftrefs will be fully anfwered, the fame and every part thereof shall ceafe; and the corn, grafs, hops, roots, fruits, pulfe, or other product fo diftrained, lhall be delivered up to the leftee or tenant, his or her executors, adminiftrators or afligns; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X.	And whereas great difficulties and ineonvenicncies frequently arise to landlords and leffors and other persons taking dijtrejjes for rent in removing the goods and chattels or flock di/lrained, off the premijfes, in cafes where by law they may not be impounded and Jecured thereupon; and also to the tenants themselves many times, by the damage unavoidably done to such goods and chattels, or flock, in the r/-moval thereof; be it enadled by the authority aforesaid, That

Piftreflfes mav ^rom an^ a*ter l^c twenty *ourth day of June, one thousand befeturcd,and ^cven hundred and thirty eight, it shall and may be lawful to and fold op the for any person or persons lawfully taking any diftrefe for any ptcmilfci, ^

I

 

%73M Anno undecutio Georgii II. c.19.	187

Icind of rent, to impound, or otherwise fecure the diftrefs fo made, of what nature or kind foever it may be, in such place, or on such part of the premifles chargeable with the rent, as lhall be moft fit and convenient for the impounding and fecur-ing such diftrefs; and to appraife, fell, and difpofe of the fame upon the premifles, in like manner, and under the like directions and reftraints'to all intents and purpofes* as any "perfon taking a diftrefs for rent may now do off the premifles, by virtue of an act made in the fecond year of the reign of King Wil- *W,&M.c.5. Jiam and Queen Mary, intituled.  An act for enabling the fate of goods diftrained for rent, in safe the rent be not paid in a reasonable time5 or of one other aft made in the fourth year of his present Majesty, intituled.  An act for the more effieftualpreventing frauds 4Geo.*.c.iS* committed by tenants, and for the more eofy recovery of rents, and* renewal of leafes\ and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any perfop or persons whatsoever, to come and go to and from fueh place or part of the faid premifles, where any diftrefs for rent shall be impounded and fecured as aforesaid, in order to view, appraife, and buy, and also in order to carry off or remove the fame, on account of the purchafer thereof; and that if any pound-breach or refqous shall be made of any goods and chattels, or ftock diftrained for rent, and impounded or other-wife fecurtd by virtue of this aft, the person or persons aggrieved thereby shall have the like remedy, as in cafes of pound-breach or refcous is given and provided by the faid ftatute.

XL And whereas the pojfeffion of ejlates in lands, tenements, and hereditaments is rendered very precarious by the frequent and fraudulent praftice of tenants, in attorning to Jlrangers, who claim title to the ejlates of their refpeftive landlord or landlords, lejfor or lejfors, tvbo by that means are turned out of pojfeffion of their refpeftive /-fates, and put to the difficulty and essence of recovering the pojfeffion thereof by aft ions or juits at law\ for remedy thereof, be it cn- Attommentof afted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the faid tenants, void* twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thou-fand (even hundred arid thirty eight, all and every such attornment and attornments of any tenant or tenants of any meflii-ages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within that part of Great Britain called England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be abfolutely null and void to all intents and purpofeS whatsoever; and the pofleflion of their refpeftive landlord or landlords, leflor or leflors, shall not be deemed or conftrued to be any wife changed, altered, or affefted by any such attornment or attornments: Provided always, Thats*^*^ nothing herein contained shall extend to vacate or affeft any attornment made purfuant to and in confequence of feme judgment at law, or decree or order of a court of equity, or made with the privity and confent of the landlord or landlords, leflor Or leflors, or to any mortgagee after the mortgage is become forfeited.

XIL And whereas great inconveniencies have frequently happened to landlords by their tenants fureting declarations in ejeftment, which

have



188	Anno	undecimo Geokgii II. c. 19.	[* 73®-

bave been delivered to themy or by refufmg to appear to fucb ejeft-mentis or to fuffer their landlords to take upon them the defence Aeainft'fe- thereof \ be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nantsfecrcting ^rom and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thousand ejeftments. seven hundred and thirty eight, every tenant, to whom any declaration in ejedtment shall be delivered for any lands* tenements, or hereditaments, in that part of Great Britain called England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall forthwith give notice thereof to his or her landlord or landlords, or his, her, or their bailiff or receiver, under penalty of forfeiting the value of three years improved or rack rent of the premiffes fo demifed or holden in the pofleflion of such tenant* to the person of whom he or (he holds; to be recovered by action of debt to be brou|ht in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjier, or in the counties palatine of Chejlery Lan* cajler> and Durham, refpedtively, or in the courts of grand-fef-fions in Wales-, wherein no efioin, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

XIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, Landlord im- That it shall and may be lawful for the court where such qedt-powered to ment shall be brought, to fuffer the landlord or landlords to' make himfelf make him, her, or themselves defendant or defendants, by ^nin Tith7 joining with the tenant or tenants, to whom such declaration in the'tenant* cjeCtment shall be delivered, in cafe he or they shall appear; but



appearance; out u tne landlord or landlords or any pan or tne 'lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for which such ejeCIment was brought, shall defire to appear by. himfelf or themfelves, and confent to enter into the like rule that by the courfe of the court the tenant in poffeflion in cafe he or (he had appeared ought to have done; then the court where such cjeChnent shall be brought shall and may permit such landlord or landlords fo to do, and order a flay or execution upon such judgment against the cafual ejeCtor, until they shall make further order therein.

XIV.	And to obviate fome difiiculties that many times occur Rents how to jn the recovery of rents, where the demifes are not by deed, be where°the de- ** furthcr enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and af-inifes are not ter the faid twenty fourth day of June, it shall and may be lawful by deed. to and for the landlord or landlords, where the agreement is not

by deed, to recover a reafonable fatisfadtton for the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, held or occupied by the defendant or defendants, in an adtion on the cafe, for the ufe and occupation of what was fo held or enjoyed; and if in evidence on the trial of such adtion any parol demifeor any agreement (not beingby deed) whereon a certain rent was referved shall appear, the plaintiff in such adtion shall not therefore be nonfuited, but may make ufe thereof as an evidence of the Quantum of the damages to be recovered.

XV.	And whereas where any lejfor or landlord, having only an e-Jlate for life in the lands, tenements, or hereditaments demifed, happens

1





i8g

£r /&L

1738.] Anno undccimo Georgii II. c.19,

pens to die before or on the day* on which any rent is referved, or made payable, fuck rent, flr 007 ^ar/ thereof\ is not by law recoverable by the executors or adminiflrators of such lejfor or landlord ; nor is the person in reverfion entitled thereto, any other than for the ufe and occupation of such lands, tenements,	hereditaments,	from the death

of the tenant for life; of which advantage hath been often taken by the under-tenantsy who thereby avoid paying any thing for the fame-y for remedy whereof, be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. Rentsrecovcr-That from and after the twenty fourth day of June9 one thou- able from un-fand seven hundred and thirty eight, where any tenant for life der-tenant,

(hall happen to die before or on the day, on which any rent was referved or made payable upon any demife or leafe of any lands, fore*the rent" tenements, or hereditaments, which determined on the death of is payable, such tenant for life, that the executors or adminiftrators of such tenant for life shall and may in an a&ion on the cafe recover of	9

and from such under-tenant or under-tenants of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, if such tenant for life die on the day oh which the fame was made payable, the whole, or if before such day then a proportion, of such rent according to the time such tenant for life lived, of the lad year, or quarter of a year, or other time in which the (aid rent was growing due ap aforesaid, making all juft allowances or a proportionable part thereof refpe&ively.

XVI.	And whereas landlords are often great fufferers by tenants running away in arrear % and not only Suffering the demifed premiffes to lie uncultivated without any diftrefs tbereon% whereby their landlords or leffors might be fatisfied for the rent-arrear y but also refufing to deliver up the poffeffion of the demifed premiffeSy whereby the landlords are put to the expence and delay of recovering in ejc8ment\ be itfurther .r ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the faid ^Jloixls f°r twenty fourth day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and where tenants thirty eight, if any tenant holding any lands, tenements, or he- deferttbe pre^ reditaments, at a rack-rent, or where the rent referved shall bemiffcl-full three fourths of the yearly value of the demifed premiffes, who shall be in arrear for one year’s rent, shall defert the demifed premiffes, and leave the fame uncultivated or unoccupied, fo as no (ufficient diftrefs can be had to countervail the arrears of rent; it shall and may be lawful to and for two or more juftice* of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, or place (having no interest in the demifed premiffes) at the requeft of the leffor or landlord, leffors or landlords, or his, her, or their bailiff or receiver, to go upon and view the fame, and to affix, or caufe to be affixed, on the moft notorious part of the premises notice in writing, what day (at the diftance of fourteen days at lead), they will return to take a fecond view thereof; and if upon such fccond view the tenant, or fome person on his or her behalf,

(hall not appear, and, pav the rent in arrear, or there shall not b* fufficient diftrefs upon tfie premiffes; then the faid juftices may put the landlord or landlords, feffor or leffors, into the poffeffion of the faid demifed premiffes; and the leafe thereof to such tenant

*



ig°

Anno undecimo Georgii II. Ciigi [17384

riant, as to any demife therein contained only, shall from thence-> forth become void.

Tenants may XVII. Provided always. That such proceedings of the (aid appeal from7 juftices shall be examinable in a fummary way by the next juftice the juftices. or juftices of affize of the refpedlive counties, in which fuch.

lands or premiffes lie; and if they lie in the city of London or county of Middlcfex, by the judges of the courts of King's Bench . or Common Picas; and if in the counties palatine of Chejter9 Lan-caftcr, or Durham, then before the judges thereof5 and if in IValeSy then before the courts df grand-feffions refpe&ively; who are hereby refpe&ively impowered to order reftitution to be made to such tenant, together with his or her expences and cofts, to be paid by the leflor or landlord, leflors or landlords, if they shall fee caufe for the fame; and in cafe they shall affirm the act of the faid juftices, to award cofts not exceeding five pounds for the frivolous appeal.

XVIII. And whereas great inconveniencies have happened, and may happen to landlords, whofe tenants have power to determine their leafes, by giving notice to quit the premiffes by them holdeny and yet refujing to deliver up the poffeffiony when the landlord hath agreed with Tenants hold- another tenant for the fame\ be it further enadt^d by the authoring premises rity aforesaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day after the time Gf june^ one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, in cafe qtfttting them^ anY lenant or tenants shall give notice of his, her, or their in* to pay double tention to quit the premiffes by him, her, or them holden, at a rent.	time mentioned in such notice, and shall not accordingly deli-

ver up the poffeffion thereof at the time in such notice contain-Lfh fii #that then thefaid tenant or tenants, his, her or their exe-* / cutors or adminiftrators, shall from thenceforward pay to the* landlord or landlords, leflor or leflors, double the rent or fum. Which he, (he or they (hould otherwise have paid; to be levied* fued for, and recovered at the fame times, and in the fame man^. ner, as the (ingle rent or fum before the giving such noticecould be levied, fued for, or recovered; and such double rent or fum shall continue to be paid, during all the time such tenant or te-* nants shall continue in pofleflion as aforesaid. w	XIX.	And	whereas	it hath fometimes happened, that upon a di^

*	•c* S'Jlrcfs made for rent jujlly due the directions of the Jiatute made in the

fecond year of the reign of King William and tceen Mary, inti* tuledy Ana ft for enabling the fale of goods diftrained for rent*

, in cafe the rent be not paid within a reafonable time, have not been Jlriftly purfued, but through the mijlake or inadvertency of the landlord or other person intitled to such rent and diflraining for the fame, or of the bailiff or agent of such landlord or other perfon, fome irregularity or tortious aft hath been afterwards done in the difpojition of the dijlrefs Jo feized or taken, as aforesaid \ for which irregularity or tortious aft the party dijlraining hath been deemed a trefpajfer ab initio, and in an aftion brought againjl him as fucb the plaintiff hath been intitled to recovery and has aftually recovered, the full value of the rent, for which such dijlrefs was taken: and whereas it is a very great kardjbip upon landlords and other persons entitled to rents, that

4





x73&*] Anno undedmo G£oRgii II. c. ig.	igi

a diflrefs duly made Jbould be thus in effeft avoided for any subsequent irregularity, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from Diftrefles for and after the fakl twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our rent not uu-Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, where any lawful, &c. diflrefs shall be made for any kind of rent juftly due, and any g^^Lthert. irregularity or unlawful adl shall be afterwards done by the party y otr parties diftraining, or by his, her or their agents; the diflrefs ' ttfelf shall not be therefore deemed to be unlawful, nor the party or parties making it be deemed a trefpafler of trefpaflers sb initio; but the party or parties* aggrieved by such unlawful adl or irregularity shall or may recover full fatisfadlion for the ^

fpecial damage he, (he or they shall have fuflained thereby, an



no more, in an adlion of treipafs or on the cafe at the eledlion of the plaintiff or plaintiffs: provided always. That where the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in such adlion, he, (he or they shall be paid his, her or their full colls of fuit, and have all the like remedies for the fame as in other cafes of cods.

XX.	Provided nevertheless, That no tenant or tenants, leflee nor tenants to or leflees, shall recover in any adlion for any such unlawful adl or jT^over by irregularity as aforesaid, if tender of amends hath been made der of a-**" by the party or parties diftraining, his, her or their agent or a- mends, gents, before such adlion brought.

XXI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, jn aftkms a* That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one gainft Derfon* thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, in all adtions of tref- mtitfed to pals or upon the cafe to be brought against any person or per- J^amsma fons intitled to rents or services of any kind, his, her or their pjcad thVge-bailiff or receiver, or other person or persons, relating to any neraliflue*&c. entry by virtue of this adl, or otherwise, upon the premiffes chargeable with Julh rents or services, or to any diflrefs or feizure,

(ale or difpofaTof apy goods or chattels thereupon; it shall and may be lawful to and for the defendant \pr defendants in such adlions to plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence; any law or ufa^e to the contrary nowithftanding; and in cafe the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such adlion shall become non-fuit, difeontinue his, her or their adlion, or have judgment a-gainft him, her or them, the defendant or defendants shall recover double cods of fuit.	,

XXII.	And whereat great difficulties often arise in making avow-, ries or conuzance upon dtjirejfes for rent, quit-rents, reliefs, heriots, mi other services; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

^ ^— x *	‘1 c • l - —— A--------‘1 J  ■ ^ ^   % 1

’ replevin to

That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one Defendants la thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, it shall and may be avow^&c?

lawful to and for all defendants in replevin to avow or make that the conuzance generally, that the plaintiff in replevin, or other te- plaintiff held nant of the lands and tenements whereon such diflrefs was made,the Prem,ffet

enjoyed the fame under a grant or demife at such a pertain rent,

during the time wherein the rent diflrained for incurred, which rent was then and ftill remains due; or that the place where the diflrefs was taken was parcel of such certain tenements, heldiJb c^dr of such honor, lordfhip or manor, (or which tenements the^*^-

rCDt>





Anno undedmb GtoRGH iL C. 20.



To prevent vexatious replevins.

Imm, m/<



fen{, relief, heriot or other  service diftrained for, was at the time of such diftrefs and ftill remains due; without further fettine forth the grant, tenure, demife or title of such landlord or landlords, leflor or ltflors, owner or owners of such manor; any law or u-fage to the contrary notwithstanding: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such aftion shall become nonfuit, difeontinue his* her or their aftion, or have judgment given agaiaft him, her or them, the defendant or defendants in such replevin shall recover double cods of fuit.

XXIII.	And to prevent vexatious replevins of diftrefles taken for rent, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, all (heriffs, and other officers having authority to grant replevins, may and shall in every replevin of a diftrefs for rent, take in their own names, from the plaintiff, and two refponfible persons as fureties, a bond in double the the goods diftrained (fuch value to be afeertained by the r oath ot *8ne or more credible witness or witnefles not interefted in^tFe goods or diftrefs, which oath theperfon granting such re-, plevin is hereby authorized and required to adminifter) and conditioned for profecuting the fuit with effeft and without delay, and for duly returning the goods and chattels diftrained in cafe a return shall be awarded; before any deliverance be made of the diftrefs; and that such (heriff, or other officer as aforesaid, taking any such bond, shall at the requeft and cofts of the avowarit or person making conuzance affign such bond to the avowant or person aforesaid, by indorfing the fame, and atteft-ing it under his hand and feal in the prefence of two or more credible witnefles; which may be done without any ftamp, provided the aflignment fo indorfed be duly (lamped before any action brought thereupon; and if the bond fo taken and afligned be forfeited, the avowant, or person making conuzance, may bring an aftion and recover thereupon in his own name; and the court where such aftion shall be brought may by a rule of the fame court give such relief Jo the parties upon fuen bond, as may be agreeable to juftice and reafon; and such rule shall have the nature and effeft of a defeazance to such bond.

CAP. XX.

jin aft for the more effectual fecuring the payments of certain fums of money directed by an act made in the forty third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An adt v	for	relief of the poor, to be paid by the refpeftive treaju-

rers of every county in England and Wales, for the relief of the poor prisoners of the King’s Bench and Marflialfea prisons.

p ,, -- \\J HERE AS by an act made in the forty third year of the citing the aft ▼ V reign of her late majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, Ail aft 43 Efiz. c.». for relief of the poor, a provi/ion U mode for raijing, colleft ing, and

 

*738-j Anno uridecimo GeoRgii II. c. 20.	193

Pay ing the fevered fums of money therein mentioned, for arid toward* the relief of the poor pri/oners of the King’s Bench and Marfhalfea prifohsj the good intent of which at1 hath not been anfwered for want of a proper method to enforce the payment of the faid money by the treafurers of the several counties, who are dire fted by the faidJlatute . to pay the Jame$ for remedy thereof, be it enabled by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this £refent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Treafurers off from and after the twenty fourth day of June, which shall be in counties to the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, every treafurer of every county within England and Wales jor(j chicf shall on or before the first day of Trinity Term yearly and every juftice, year pay over to the lord chief juftice of England, and knight marfhal for the time being, or to such person or persons as they shall refpe&ively appoint, taking their acquittances for the fame, or in default of the faid chief juftice to the next moft ancient juftice of the King's B?nch> the several and refpe&ive fums of money which shall be then dud from every such refpe&ive county, equally to be divided between the prisoners of the King's Bench and Marjhalfea prisons for the charitable purposes in die (aid act in that behalf mentioned.

II.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That or on refufah if any such treafurer shall negleCt or refufe to pay over such rc- by^uhTof fpeClive fums of money, or any part thereof, in manner afore- king’s bench* faid, that then upon the report of the faid chief juftice, or of the

faid next moft ancient juftice of the faid court of King's Benchi being made, or upon the certificate of the faid knight marfhal, or the certificate or certificates on oath of such person or persons as they shall appoint to receive the fame, being delivered to the faid court, of such negleCt or refufal, it shall and may be lawful for the faid court of King's Bench to make a rule on every such treafurer fo neglecting or refufing as aforesaid, requiring (uch treafurer to pay the money fo reported or certified to be due as aforesaid; and obedience to such rule shall and may be enforced by the faid court in such manner and by such ways and means as rules of the faid court of King's Bench are ufually enforced.

III.	And that the faid treafurers may be the better amenable Treasurers to to the faid court of King's Bench; be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That every person who now is or hereafter "0 ’cicr£ Qf shall be elected or appointed treafurer of any county in England the crown f or Wales* (hall, within thirty days after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, or within thirty days after his election or appointment refpeClively into

fuch office of treafurer, tranfmit his name and place of abode to the clerk of the crown in his  Majesty’s faid court of King's Bench, to be by him entred or regiftred in a book to be kept for that purpbfe ; for which entry no fee or reward shall be taken : and in cafe any such treafurer shall negled or refufe to tranfmit his name and place of abode as aforesaid : that tli^n, Upon the Vol* XYIL	O	rcporf



i£4	Anno	undecijno	Georgii	II.	c.	21,22*	[1738.

report of the faid clerk of the crown made to the faid court of such neglelt or refufal, every such treafurer shall be liable to be proceeded against in the fame manner a$4n the cafe of negledt-, A , ing or refilling to pay such money as aforesaid. tothe°charge JV". And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, of rules of the That from time to time, and as often as there shall be occafion faid court. for the faid court of King's Bench to make any rule as aforesaid on any of the faid treafurers in purfuance of this a (St, the whole cod and charge of making such rule, and all subsequent charges' arifing therefrom, shall be paid by the treafurer whofe default or negleft shall caufe the making of such rule.

CAP. XXL

 An act to imoower the present truitee* under the laft will and tefUment of John Marmall gentleman, deceafed, to lay out a certain sum of money, now in their hands, for pulling down ana rebuilding the parifli church of Chrift Church in the county of Surrey, and for incloung a piece of 1	ground lately purchafed for an additional church yard to the laid	church.

CAP. XXII.

Preamble.

Perfons ufing violence to hinder the purchafe or carriage of corn.

An at1 for punifbing such persons as shall do injuries and violences to the persons or properties of bis Majesty's fubjefts with intent to binder the exportation of corn.

WHEREAS many diforderly and evil-minded persons have of late frequently ajfembled themselves in great numbers, committed great violences, and done many tnfuries to the persons and properties of his Majesty's fubjefts, with intent to hinder the exportation of corn, whereby many of his Majcfly's fubjefls have been deterred from buying of corn and grain, and following their lawful bufinefs therein, to their great lojs and damage, as well as the "great damage and prejudice of the farmers and landholders of this kingdom, and of the nation in general; for the better preventing such wicked and diforderly praftices, and more eafily and effe&ually bringing such offenders to condign punifhment, be it ena&ed by the king’s mod excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pfefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any person or persons shall from and after the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, wilfully and malicioufly beat, wound, or ufe any other violence to or upon any person or persons, with intent to deter or hinder him or them from buying of com or grain in any market or other place within this kingdom; or shall unlawfully flop or feize upon any waggon, cart or other carriage, or hone, loaded with wheat, flour, meal, malt or other grain, in or on the way to or from any city, market town, or fea port of this kingdom, and wilfully and malicioufly break, cut, feparate, or deftroy the fame, or any part thereof, or the harnefs of thfe horfes drawing the fame; or shall unlawfully take off, drive away, kill or wound any of such horfes, or unlawfully beat or wound the driver or drivers of such waggon, cart or other carriage, or horfe, fo loaded, in prder to flop the fame; or (hall, by cutting of the facks,

or



*9$

1738.] Anno undecimo GeoRGi! II. C. 2i.

or otherwise, fcattfer or throw abroad such wheat, flour, meaf* malt, or other grain, or shall take or carry away* (poil or da-; mage the fame, or any part thereof; every and all such person and persons being thereof lawfully convicted before any tfro or more juftices of the .peace of the county, (hire, ftewartry, riding, divifion, town or place corporate, wherein such offence or offences shall be committed, or before the juftices of the peace in open feflions (who are hereby authorized and impowered fum-manly and finally to hear and determine the fame) shall be fcnt to be impri-to the common gaol, or to the houfe of correction, there to con- fonc<*» tinue and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding the (pace of three months, nor lefs than one month ; and shall by atj4f j the fame juftices be also ordered to be once publickly and open- wlupi>e * ly whipped by the mafter or keeper of such gaol or houfe of Correction, in such city, market town, or fea port, in or near to which such offence shall be committed, on the first convenient market day, at the market crofs or market place there, between the hours of eleven and two of the clock.

II.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That Committing if any such person or persons fo convi&ed shall commit any of the offences aforesaid a fecond time 5 or if from and after the (aid four and twentieth day of June, one thousand seven hun-	*

dred and thirty eight, any perlon or persons shall wilfully and malicioufly pull, throw down, or otherwise deftroy any (lore- deftrojdng houfe or granary, or other place where corn shall be then kept	**

in order to be exported; or shall unlawfully enter any such herein, ftorehoufe, granary, or other place, and take and carry away * any com, flour, meal, or grain therefrom, or shall throw abroad or fpoil the fame, or any part thereof; or shall unlawfully enter on board any (hip, barge, boat or veffel, and shall wilfully and of in Teffelt, malicioufly take and carry away, caft, or throw out therefrom, or otherwise fpoil or damage, any meal, flour, wheat or grain therein intended for exportation ; every person fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be tranfported for the space of seven years, in like manner as other felons are directed to be tranfported by the laws and ftatutes of this realm; and if any such offender fo tranfported shall return into this kingdom before the expiration of the faid seven years, he or (he mall fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

III.	Provided always. That no attainder for any offence made Provifoes. felony by virtue of this aCt shall make or work any corruption

of blooa, lofs of dower, or difinheritance of heir or heirs.

IV.	Provided alfo. That no person who shall be punilhed for

any offence by virtue of this aCt, shall be punUhed for the fame offence by virtue of any other law or ftatute whatsoever.	Satlsfaftion

V.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That for such d*u from and after the four and twentieth day of June, one thou- mages reco-iand seven hundred and thirty eight, the inhabitants of every hundred in that part of Great Britain called England, wherein ^ un * any such offence as aforesaid shall be committed, shall make

Oa	full



J96

(not exceed-ing xool.)

as in cafes of robbery.

Bat notice is to be given within a days after the faft to Sconftable

and examination upon oath within 10 days.

If any one of the offenders be convicted within is tponths, the hundred re-Icafed.

.Anno undccimo Georgii II. C.22.	[1738.

full fitisfa&ion and amends to all and every the person and persons, their executors and adminiftrators, for the damages they shall have fuftained or fuffered by any injury or violence done to their properties by any offender or offenders against this ad; and that every person and persons, who shall fuftain damages m their properties by any of the faid offences, shall and are hereby enabled to fuefor and recover such his or their damages (the fum to be recovered not exceeding one hundred pounds) against the faid hundred, who by this ad shall be made liable to anfwer all or any part thereof; such damages to be fued for, levied, and raifed, in such manner and form, and by and under the like methods and directions, as are preferibed and mentioned in cafes of actions for robberies on the highway, in and by an ad made in the seven and twentieth year of the reign ot Queen Elizabeth, intituled.  An act for the following Hue and Cry, and by one other aCt made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled.  An act for the amendment of the laws relating to the aftions on the Jlatute of Hue and Cry, except fo much thereof as relates to giving, leaving, or publifhing notice, or making frefh fuit and hue and cry, or any other matter other* wife provided for by this aCt.

VI.	Provided nevertheless, and be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall be enabled to recover any damages by virtue of this ad, unless he or they by themselves or by their fervants within two days after such damage or injury done him or them by any fuen offender or offenders as aforesaid, lhall give notice of such offence done and committed to one of the conftables of the hundred, or to the conftable, borfholder, headborough, or tythingman of the town, pariih, village, hamlet, or tything, in or near which such fad shall be committed; and (hall, within ten days after such notice give in his or their examinations upon oath, or the examination upon oath of his or their fervants being present at the time of the fad being committed, or having the care of such his or their properties, to which such damage or injury shall be done, before any juftice of the peace of the county, liberty, or divifion, where such fad shall be committed, whether he or they do know the person or persons that committed such fad, or any of them 5 and if upon such examination it be confeffed, that he or they do know the person or persons that committed the faid fad, or any of them; that then he or they fo confeffing shall be bound by recognizance to profecute such offender or offenders according to this ad, or otherwise according to the laws of the realm.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded by the authority aforesaid, That where any offence shall be committed against this ad, and any one of the (aid offenders shall be apprehended and lawfully convided of such offence within the space of twelve months after the offence committed; no hundred or franchife therein shall in any wife be fubjed or liable to make any fatisfadion to the party or parties injured for the damages he or they (hall

have



197

1738.I Anno undecimo Georg 11II. c.2^,24. have fuftained; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided alfo, That no person who shall fuftain any damage by reason of ahy offence to be committed by any of-* Aftions not fender contrary to this aft, shall be enabled hereby to fue or to be brought bring any action against any hundred where such offence shall 3red*undcr be committed, till after the expiration of one year; nor unless ^ Qr after the party or parties fuftaining luch damage, shall commence his, »*years. hef, or their aftion or fuit within two years next after the offence ihall be committed.

CAP. XXIII.

 An act to explain and amend an aft pajfed in the eighth year of bis present Majeffs reigny intituled,,  An act for rebuilding the pari(h church of Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the county of Middlesex.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made and pajfed in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majefly, intituled,

 An act for rebuilding the parish church of Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the county of Middlesex, it is amongft other things enaftedy That the several funeral rates and duties mentioned and Jpeeified in a certain indenture, bearing date the eighth day of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty fivey made be-tween the vicar of the faid parijh of the one' party and the churchwardens and overfetrs of the poor of the faid parijh of the other party then intended to be inrolled in the high court of chancery,

Jbould be colleftedy leviedy and paid in the faid parijh, and be vejt-ed in the trufees by the faid aft appointedy to and for the several ufes and purposes therein exprejfed; which indenture hath been fince inrolled: and whereas the Jaid recited aft has been or may be conjlrued to extend to the funeral rateSy fees9 or duties claimed by the vicar, clerky and fexton of the faid parijhy such feesy rates9 or duties fo claimed by them being inserted in such indenturey which it was not their intention Jbould be applied to the purposes of that at7; may it pleafe your mod excellent Majesty, that it may be enafted, £jjV.

The aft 8 Geo. s. c* 17. not to afftft the vicar, clerk, or fexton's fees, &c.

CAP. XXIV.

 An act to amend an aft pajfed in the twelfth and thirteenth year of the reign of King William the Thirdyintituledy  An act for preventing any inconveniencies that may happen by privilege of parliament.

tlJ HERE AS for theprs~. .nting all delays the King or bisfubr Preamble, rt-VV jefts may receive in ank of his courts of law or equity, and citing the aft for their cafe in the recovery of their rights and titles to any landSy tenementSy or hereditaments, and their debts, or other duesyfor which * they have caufe of fuit or aftion, an aft was made in the twelfth and thirteenth year of the reign of King William the Third, intituledy

Q 3	Aft

Perrons may* profecute actions againft: members of

Of fe®on.

198	Anno undedmo Georgii II. C.24S	[1738.

An for preventing any inconvenicncies that may happen by privilege of parliament; whereby neverihelefs the privilege of parliaments is refrained only in aftions or fuits commenced or profeatted in the courts, and for the caufes, therein particularly mentioned: and whereas great inconvenienciesmay happen to his Majefiy, and his fub-jefts, with refpeft to their rights and titles to lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and their debts, or other dues, for which they have caufe of fuit or aftion, if the privilege of parliament be riot refrained upon aftions or fuits commenced or profecuted in other courts within Great Britain and Ireland; for remedy thereof, be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con -fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the aythority of the fame. That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, any person and persons shall and may jucimwa oi commcnce an<* profecute in Great Britain or Ireland any aftion pSiament,1 in or m anY court of record, or court of equity, or of ,admi-the intervals ralty, and in all caufes matrimonial and teftamentary m any court having cognizance of caufes matrimonial and teftarpent* ary, against any peer or lord of parliament of Great Britain, or against any of the knights, citizens, and burgefles of the houie of commons of Great Britain for the time being, or against their or any of their menial or other fervants, or any other*per-fon intitled to the privilege of the parliament of Great Britain, at any time from and immediately after the difioiution or prorogation of any parliament, until a new parliament shall meet, or the fame be re-aflembled, and from and immediately after any adjournment of both houfes of parliament for above the space of fourteen days, until both houfes shall meet or re-aflemble; and that the (aid refpeftive courts shall and may after such difioiution, prorogation, or adjournment, as aforesaid, proceed to give judgment, and to make final orders, decrees, and fenteqees, and award execution thereupon ; any privilege of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	Provided nevertheless, That this aft shall not extend to fubjeft the person of any of the knights, citizens, and burgefles of the houfe of commons of Great Britain, or any other person intitled to privilege of parliament, to be arrefted during the The courts of time of privilege; nevertheless it shall and may be lawful to and great feflions for any of the courts of great sessions in Wales, courts of fefiion in \Vale3, and jn the counties palatine of Chef er, Lancafer, and Durham, courts feflions in	bench,	common	pleas, and exchequer in Ireland, after any

difioiution, prorogation, or such adjournment as aforesaid, or before any feflion of parliament, or meeting of both houfes, as aforesaid, to have and ufe such and the like methods of proceeds ing, and to iffue such and the like%{9ocefs against any such peer or ford of parliament, or against any of the faid knights, citizens, and burgefles, or other persons intitled to the privilege of the parliament of Great Britain, as the courts of king's bench, and exchequer in England, are by the faid recited a ft impowered and directed to ufe and ifiiie reipeftiYely j and that it shall and

may

Members not liable to be arrefted during privilege.

counties palatine to proceed againft: members, as the courts at Weftminfttr.



*739*] Anno undecimo Georch II* c. 24.	l99

may be lawful to and for the court of chancery of Ireland, and the court of equity in the exchequer there, to have and ufe such and the like methods of proceeding, and to iflue such and the like procefs within the times and against the persons aforesaid, as the high court of chancery of Great Britain, and the court of exchequer in England, are by the (aid recited aft respectively di-Tefted and impowered to ufe and iflue j and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the other courts herein before delcribed, the procefs whereof is not particularly direfted by the faid recited aft, or by this aft, after any diflolution, prorogation, or such adjournment as aforesaid, or before any feflion of parliament, or meeting of both houfes as aforesaid, to iflue such and the like procefs against any such peer or lord of parliament, or against any of the faid knights, citizens, or burgefles, or other person intitled to the privilege of parliament, as such courts may now lawfully iflue against persons not liable to be arrefted or lmprifohed.

III.	And be it enacted by the huthority aforesaid, That where pjaintiffi not any plaintiff shall by reason or occafion of privilege of parlia- barred or nan-mem be ftayed or prevented frorii profecuting any fuit by him fuited, commenced* such plaintiff shall not be barred by any (tatute

of limitation, or nonfuited, difmifled, nor his fuit difcontinued for Want of profecution of the fuit by him begun j but shall from time to time upon the rifing of the parliament be at liberty to proceed to judgment and execution.

IV.	And it is hereby enafted, That no aftion, fuit, procefs, nor procefs order, judgment, decree, or proceeding in law or equity against the the King's original and immediate debtor, for the recovery or b? obtaining of any debt or duty originally and immediately due or by privilege of payable unto his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or against any parliament * accountant, or person anfwerable or liable to render any account

unto his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, for any part or branch of any of his or their revenues, or other original and immediate debt or duty, or the execution of any such procefs, order, judgment, decree, or proceedings, shall be impeached, ftayed, or delayed ih any court in Great Britain or Ireland, by or under the colour or pretence of any privilege of the parliament of Great Britain * yet fo nevertheless, that the person of any such debtor or accountant, or person anfwerable or liable to account, being a peer or lord of parliament of Great Britain, shall not be liable but the petv to be arrefted or imprifoned by or upon any such fuit, order, f°ns not to bo judgment, decree, procefs, or proceedings; or being a member arrc®ie** of the houfe of commons of Great Britain, shall not, during the continuance of the privilege of parliament, be arrefted or imprifoned by or upon any such order, judgment, decree, process, or proceedingSr

V.	Provided nevertheless. That neither this aft, nor any Proviso, thing therein contained, shall extend to give any jurifdiftion, power, or authority to any court, to hold plea in any real or

mixt aftion, in any other manner than such court might have done before the making this aft.

O4	CAP.



Preamble, reciting the aft joGeo.i.c.tS.

Preamble reciting the aft 9GCO.2. c.23.

|oGeo.2.c.i9

Anno undecimp Georgii II. c.2^, 26.	[1738*

CAP. XXV.

 An act for building a bridge crofs the river Thames from the Woolftaple, or thereabouts, in theparifh of Saint Margaret in the city of Westminster, to the oppojite Jhore in the county of Surrey. EXP.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made and pajfed in the tenth year of the reign of bis present Mqjeftyy intituled,  An act for explaining and amending an aft pafled in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intitpled,  An act for building tt bridge crofs the river of Thames, from the New Palace-Yard in the city of Westminster, to the oppojite /bore in the county of Surrey ; it was enaftedy That it Jhould and might be lawful to and for the commijfmers thereby appointed and continued) and- the furvivorsy of any nine or more of them, to dire ft or caufe to be built the bridge intended to be provided for by the faid afty crofs the river Thames either from the New Palace-Yard aforesaidy or from the Horfe-ferry, or thereabouts, in the parijb of Saint John the Evangclift in the faid city 0/* Westminster, to the oppofite Jbore in the county of Surrey: and whereas ftnee the pafftng the faid recited aft ^ several doubts and difficulties have arifen about fixing the place where the faid intended bridge Jhould be built; now for preventing any farther doubts and difficulties concerning the fame, and that the faid intended bridge may he erefted and built where the fame may be moft advantageous to the trade of the city and liberty of JFeJlminJlery and moft commodious to the inhabitants thereof; may it pleafe your most excellent Majesty jthat it may be enaft-ed, isfe.

TThc bridge to be built from the Woolftaple, pf -what materials the com-miflioners flnll think fit. Refidue of the monies to be lent put upon any publick fecurity. Grounds purchafed by the commiflioners more than necelfary, to be difpofed of to the bed advantage; and the monies to be employed about the bridge. Commiflioners to account yearly.

CAP. XXVI.

 An act for enforcing the execution of an act made in the ninth year of bis present Majesty's reign, intituled, An ad. for laying a duty upon the retalers of fpirituous liquors, and tor licenfing the retalers thereof.

WHEREAS notwithstanding the several provifions made for refraining the frequent and pernicious uj'c of fpirituous liquors or ftrong waterby an act made in the ninth year of his present Mojcfty's reign, intituled, An act for laying a duty on re talers of fpirituous liquors, and for licenfing the retalers thereof;

. and also 'by an act made in the tenth year of his faid Majesty's reigny for explaining and enforcing the execution of the faid firjt mentioned aft; the drinking of fpirituous liquors is yet too common, efpecially q-mong persons of low rank: and whereas such persons as fell or expo fe to file any fpirituous liquors or Jlrong waters, unmixedy or mixed with themjelvcs, or any other ingredients, contrary to the faid at7, for

laying

 booQle

J738-] Anno wndcdmoGeorgii II. c.26.	*oi

laying a duty upon the rctalers of fpirituous liquors, and for licen-fine the retalers thereof, are chiefly persons of little or no fubflance: ana whereas, in order to elude the faid firjl mentioned aft, by preventing the difeovery of the offenders againfl the fame, and thereby evading the penalty to be inflifted on such offenders, several persons in a clan-define manner retale such fpirituous liquors or fome of them without any licence, or in fome place or places not in the fluid aft mentioned or allowed, and the person or persons fo felling the fame are not feen, but are hid behind fome wainfleot, curtain, partition, or are other-wife concealed : for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present

garliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Occupiers of om and after the twenty fourth day of June, in the year one thousand (even hundred and thirty eight, if any lefs quantity or quantities than two gallons of fpirituous liquors, or ftrong wa- are fold confers, mixed or unmixed, as aforesaid, shall be fold, uttpred, or trary to the delivered, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid first mentioned act, in any private and clandeftine manner as a- ed rctalere!"1* forelaid, to any person or persons, in any houfe, out-houfe, ftable, bam, or filed, or in any other place or part of or belonging or appertaining to any houfe or farm; then and in such cafe the occupier of such houfo, farm, or part of any houfe, or farm, pr other place, where such fpirituous liquors shall be fold, if but •one occupier only, and if jxiort than one then the several occu-

Elers thereof, being privy or confentlng thereto, (hall, be, and	J

e, {he, or they are hereby declared to be deemed the retaler or rietalers of such fpirituous liquors, and as such he, file, or tfcey {hall forfeit and lofe the fom of one hundred pounds for every such offence; such penalty to be recovered and applied in such mariner as the one hundred pounds penalty for each offence inflicted on any person or persons who (half prefume to offer to fell or retale any of the laid fpirituous liquors in a lefs quantity than by the faid a<5t is directed, without taking out a licence and renewing the fame yearly, as by the faid a<5b is directed to be recovered and applied.

II. And whereas in open defiance of the laws of this realm, and to prevent the before mentioned afts from taking effeft, and to deter persons from affifling in putting the faid laws in execution, divers wickeiy lawlefs, turbulent, and dijorderly persons have dffembled themselves at divers times to refcue offenders againfl the faid laws, and to in/'ult and abufe thofe who have been concerned in bringing them to jujiice, and have in a mofl wicked and cruet manner affaulted, beat, wounded, and ahnoft murdered several officers and other persons, who in purfuame of the faid firjl recited aft either had given or were about to give informations before his Majesty's juflices of the peace againfl such offenders ; be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if any per- Refcuing of. Tons' to the number of five or more shall from and after the faid fenders a-twenty fourth day of June* in the year of our Lord one thou- th£ ***4 (and leven hundred and thirty eight, in a tumultuous and rio- fne^nVo^cr tous manner, affemble themlclves to refeue any offender or of- felony ^

fenders



4Gco«j.

6 Geo*

202	Announdecimo	Georgii II. c.26.	[1738*

fenders against the faid first mentioned aft, or to aflault, beat. Or wound any person or persons who shall have given, or be about to give, any information or evidence againft, or shall have difeovered or given evidence againft, or be about to difeover or give evidence againft, feize or bring to juftice, any person or persons offending against the faid first mentioned aft; that then ail and every person or persons fo aflembling themfelvcs,,and their aiders and abettor?, being thereof lawfully convifted, shall be, and be adjudged to be, guilty of felony; ana every such felon and felons shall be fubjeft and liable to the like pains and penalties as in cafes of felons j and the courts by and before whom he, (he, or they shall be'convifted, shall have full power and authority of tranfporting such felon and felons for the space erf seven years to any ot his  Majesty’s colonies or plantations in America, upon the like terms ana conditions as are given, di-.c, 11. refted, and enafted .by an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the firft, intituled. Ana& for the farther preventing robbery, burglary, and other felonies, and for the more effectual transportation offelons* and unlawful exportation of wool!; and by an act made in tne fixth year of the reign of 0.	jatc majC^y King George the First, intituled. An aO for

the furtherpreventing robbery* burglary, and either felonies? and for the more effectual tranfportation of felons.

Ill, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Aftions That if any aft ion or fuit shall be brought and profecuted by b ought in any any person or persons in any inferior or other court than in his fo^any thing ^je^y’s courts of record at Weftrmn/ltr, or the court of great •y 5 feflions in Wales* or the courts of (eflion in counties palatine, against any juftice of the peace, or other person or persons employed in the execution of this aft, or of the faid afts made in the ninth and in the tenth years of his present  Majesty’s reign, or either of them, for any matter, caufe, or thing by him or them done, committed, or executed by virtue or rcafon of this aft, or of the faid afts, or any or either of them, or of any claufe or article therein contained ; it shall and may be lawful to and for the defendant or defendants in such aftion or fuit, upon his,, her, or their making affidavit, {hat he, (he, or they intend to infift in his, her, or their defence to such aftion or fuit upon this aft, or the faid afts, or one of them, to remove such action or fuit into any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Weft-nunjler ; fo that the writ or writs for removing the fame, be delivered to the fteward, judge, or proper officer of the faid inferior or other court, before iflile joined in the faid aftion or fuit; and such defendant or defendants may plead the general iffue, Tenyci^C^ueC an<* 8,ve this a&> anc* the afts, or any of them, and the &C.	*	fpecial	matter in evidence at the trial, and that the fame was

done in purfaance. and by the authority of this aft, or of the ^ faidfafts, or any or either <rf them ; and if it shall appear fo to have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonfuited, or difeon-tinuc his or her aftion, after the defendant shall have appeared,

or

done in pur-fuance of this aft, Sec. removable to courts at Weft minder.

Defendant





203

J738-] Anno undedmo Georgii II. c. 26.

or if judgment shall be given upon any verdiA or demurrer -Wgainft the plaintiff, the defendant and defendants shall and may recover treble.cods, and have the like remedy for the fame, as defendants have in other cafes at law,

IV.	And whereas fome doubts have arifen, whether a jujiice or juftices of the peace, on any information exhibited to him or them of or for any offence or offences againjl the faid firfi-mentlaned aft, may grant his or their warrant or warrants for apprehending and bringing before him or them the person or persons, againjl whom such information is made, unless ana until such person or persons hath or have been duly fummoned to appear before such juftice or juflices; and it is found by experiencey that the fummoning such offenders againjl the faid firjl mentioned aft is attended with great inconveniencies, by giving them an opportunity to abfeond from jujiice ; such offenders being generally persons of little or no Juqftance, and often having no fettled habitation j be it therefore declared and enaAed by the authority Juftices may aforesaid, That it is and shall be lawful for one or more juftice without fum-or juftices <?f the peace, on any information upon oath made	C*Swarrarita

before him or them against any person or persons for hawking, for offenders, felling, or expofing to fale any fpirituous liquors or ftrong waiter* contrary to the (aid first mentioned aA, to iflue his or their warrant or warrants under his or their refpeAive hands and fcals, to be direAed to any conftable, or other minifteria! officer of the peace, for the apprehending and bringing such offender or offenders, before feme juftice or juftices of the peace for the county or place wherein such offence or offences was or were committed, in order to such offender or offenders being by such juftice or juftices dealt with according to law.

V.	And whereas in and by a claufe in the faid firjl mentioned aft it fa enabled, That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thoufandfeven hundred and thirty fix, no person or persons Jhall hawk. Jell, or expofe to fale any brandy, fpirituous liquors, or ftrong waters, by whatsoever name or names they are or may be tailed or dijlinguijbed, about the ftreets, highways, orfields, in any wheel-barrow or bajket, or upon the water in any Jhip, boat, or vef-fel, or in any other manner whatsoever, orJhall fell or expofe the Jame to fale on any bulk or bulks, JlaU or flails, or in any Jhed or /beds, or on or in any other place or places, other than in such place and places as are in the Jaid aft before-mentioned and allowed, upon pain of forfeiting for every such offence the sum of ten pounds; and it Jhall and may be lawful to and J 'or any one or more jujiice cr jufti- ' ees of the peace for the county,,riding, divifion, city, or liberty re-fpeftively, wherein such offence Jhall be committed, on his or their awn view, or on confeffton of the party, or by proof on the oath of One or more credible witness or witnesses made of such offence, to con-vift any person or persons fo offending, as aforesaid\ and such person and persons, fo offending and convifted, Jhall immediately on Juch eonviftion pay’ the sum of ten pounds into the hands of the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the porifh where such offence Jhall be committed, or one of them; and on such offender or offenders re-fifing or ncglefting to pay the faid fum, the jujiice or juflices fo eon-i	vifting

Anno undecimo Georgii II. c. z6.	[1738.

vising as aforesaid Jhall and may by warrant or warrants under his and their hand and feal, or hands and feals, commit the offender or offenders to the hpufe of correction for the faid county, city, or liberty refpeCtively, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the space of two months, to be reckoned from the day of the Jaid commit~ mcnt; and the person or persons fo committed Jhall not be difcharged,, until he, Jhe, or they Jhall have paid the sum of ten pounds, or until the full expiration of the faid two months 5 and every fum or fums of money arijing from the conviction of any person or perjons as afore-faid (in caje there be no informer) Jhall be employed to the ufe of the poor of the parijh wherein the offence was committed; but tf there Jhall be an informer, one moiety of such money Jhall be paid to. the informer, and the other moiety Jhall be paid to the overfeers and churchwardens as aforesaid, or one of them, and applied to the ufe of the poor of the parijh as aforesaid: and whereas in and by a daufe of the before-mentioned aCl of parliament made in the tenth year of his faid Majestys reign, reciting the fdtd laft recited daufe of the

faidaCl made in the ninth year of bis faid Majestys reign; and also reciting that such persons as are willing and defirous of putting the faid fa-lutary law in execution have not the encouragement which is due to them and which they juftiy drferve, where the persons incurring the pecuniary penalties of toe faidaCl are not able to pay the fame, but in lieu thereof are fent to the houfe of correction as by the faid aCl is directed ; for remedy whereof it is enacted, That from and after the twjenty fourth day of June, one tboufand seven hundred and thirty feven, in all such cafis as aforesaid, it Jhall and may be lawful for the cornmif-fioners of excift in England and Scotland, refpeCtively, to caufe such rewards as aforesaid to be paid to the fevered and refpeClive persons, who Jhall appear to them to be intit led thereto as aforesaid, out of any money that Jhall be in their hands, or any officer belonging to them9 that hath arifen, or Jhall arife, by virtue of any penalties or forfeitures incurred by the faid aCl as aforesaid; and the money fo paid Jhall be accepted of and allowed in their accounts as fo much money paid to his Majesty, and the commifioners are thereby discharged thereof accordingly \ and every offender convicted as aforesaid, and upon his or her rejufd or negletl to pay the fame penalty of ten pounds, committed to the houfe of correction as aforesaid, Jhall before his or her difeharge' be ft rip t fiaked J'rom the middle upwards, and be whipt until his or her body be bloody: and whereasfor want of a conjlablc, or other miniflerial officer of the peace being at hand to apprehend J'uch offender or offenders, he, Jhe, or they do often efcape unpunijhcd ; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and Any person thirty eight, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons may fei^e	whatfoever, to leize and detain any person or persons, who (hall

hawkers of	hawk, fell, pr expofe to fale any brandy, fpirituous liquors, or

(pirituous li- ftr0ng waters, by whatsoever name or names they are or may noHce to SlVCbe called or diftinguifhed, about theftreets, highways, or fieldp jeonitabic* m any wheel-barrow, or balket, or upon the water in any (hip* boat, or veflel, t>r in any other manner whatsoever, or shall fell pr pxppfe the faipe to fyls.op any bulk of bulks. Hall or (tails, or



205

173®*] Anno undecimo GeoRgii II. c.26.

in any fhed or (heds, or on or in any other place or places, other than in such place or places as jare in the faid fir ft mentioned adfe allowed in that behalf, for such reafonable time as he, fhe, or they may give notice to the conftable, headborough, tything-man, churchwarden, overfeer of the poor, or fome other peace or parish officer or officers, who are hereby required to carry such person fo feized and detained before fome one of his Ma-jefty’s juftices of the peace for the county or place where such offence or offences shall be committed; which faid juftice of the peace is hereby required to proceed to the examination of such person fo feized and brought before him for such offence, in the fame manner as if such person fo feized had been brought before him by a conftable, or any other minifterial officer of the peace; and such person fo feized (hall, if convidted of such offence, be liable to the like penalties, and the like corporal pu-niftunents, on his or her refufal or negledt to pay the fame, as are in and by the laid adts made in the ninth and tenth years of his presentMajesty’s reign, or either of them, for such offence, to be paid or inflidted refpedtively.

VI.	And be it enadied by the authority aforesaid. That all such fum and fums of money, as shall and may from time to time be paid by any person or persons convidled of hawking, felling, or expofing to fale, any brandy, fpirituous liquors, or Forfeitures ftrong waters, as aforesaid, to the churchwardens or overfeers hj?"to ** aP-of the poor of any parilh or place where the offence shall be p 1 * committed, shall be applied and accounted for by the faid churchwardens and overfeers, in the fame manner as other monies

raifed and received on the rates made for the relief of the poor are diredted and appointed to be applied and accounted for.

VII.	And whereas conftables or other mini/}trial officers of the peace have refufed or neglefted to be aiding or aff\Jling% in the execution of the before-mentioned arts made in the ninth and tenth years of his present Majejiys reigny although thereunto required; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, if any conftable or other minifterial officer of the peace whatsoever, shall refufe or negledl, upon due notice or requeft, or on their own view, to be aiding and afiifting in the execution of this ad!, or of the before mentioned adts made in the ninth and tenth years of his  Majesty’s reign, or any or either of them ; such conftable or other minifterial officer of the peace, being thereof convidted by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnefles before any juftice of the peace for the county or place where such offence shall be committed, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, by warrant

under the hand and feal of such juftice of the peace ; the one Penalty on moiety to go to the poor of the parilh where such offence shall conftables committed, and the other moiety to the informer, who shall profecute for the fame, rendering the overplus thereof to the u owner, if any there be,

Vm. And

20 6

Diftillers not to act as juf-ticcs in matters concerning this ad.

Fines how to be recovered &c.

Preamble, reciting the aft 3 Geo. i. c. $

Anno undedmo Georgh II. c. 27.	[1738*

VIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June9 one thou-fand fcven hundred and thirty eight, no diftiller or other feller of fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters whatsoever (hall, during such time as he shall be a diftilleror feller of such liquors be capable or have any power to aft, or (hallbedireftly or indirectly concerned in afting, as a juftice of the peace in any matter or thing whatsoever, which shall any ways concern the execution of this present aft, or of the before mentioned afts made in the ninth and tenth years of his present  Majesty’s reign, or either of them.

IX.	And be it fbrther enacted by the authority, aforesaid. That all fines, penalties and forfeitures by this aft impofed, shall and may be fued for, recovered, levied and mitigated, by; such ways, means arnd methods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture is or may be in like cafes fued for, levied, recovered, and mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by aftioil of debt^ bill, plaint or information in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at IVeJlminJler^ or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland *, and that one moiety of the faid fines and forfeitures, and which are not herein before direfted to be otherwise diftributed, shall gd and be paid to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to the petfon or persons who shall inform or fue for the fame.

CAP. XXVII.

 An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two millions for the  service of the year one tbcufand seven hundred and thirty eight \ and for paying the governor and company of the bank of England, one million, for redeeming an annuity of forty thousand pounds payable to them ; and for the further appropriating the fupplics granted in this fejfton of parliament.

Moft gracious Sovereign.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the thirdyear of the reign of his late ?naje!ly King George the First9 intituled,  An act for redeeming feveraf funds of the governor and company of the bank of England, purfuant to former provifoes of redemption ; and for fecuring to them several new funds and at-• lowances redeemable by parliament; and for obliging them to advance further fums, not exceeding two millions five hundred thousand pounds, at five pounds per centum9 as shall be found neceflary, to be employed in leflening the national debts and incumbrances ; and for continuing certain provifions made for the expence of his  Majesty’s civil government; and for payment of annuities formerly purchafcd at the rate of five pounds per centum \ and for other purpo/es in this aft mentioned; the faid governor and company of the bank of England became intit led to

. one



Goo< -

1738.] Anno undedrao Georgii II. €.27*	207

me annuity or yearly fum. of one hundred thousand pounds, for or in re-fpeft of the sum of two millions, being the amount of certain exchequer bills, which according to the directions of the fame aft were delivered up by the faid governor and company to be cancelled; and the faid annuity was thereby charged on the aggregate fund, and made redeemable by parliament on repayment to the faid governor and company of the bank of England of the faid fum of two millions: and whereas by an aft of parliament made in the eleventh year of the reign of his faid late ma-jefty King George the Firjl, intituled. An act for continuing the ieveral annuities of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty tl Geo. i.c. 9* one pounds, seven (hillings, and ten pence halfpenny, and one hundred thousand pounds, to the bank of England, until Mid-fummer one thousand seven hundred and twenty feven, and from, thence for reducing*the fame to feventy one thousand and one pounds, two (hillings, and three pence three farthings, and eighty thousand pounds, redeemable by parliament; and for preventing the uttering of forged, counterfeited or erafed bank bills or notes ; the laid annuity or yearly fum of one hundred thousand pounds, payable to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, in refpeft of the faid fum of two millions, was from Midfum-mer one thousand seven hundred and twenty feven, reduced to an annuity of eighty thousand pounds accordingly; and it was thereby amongjl other things provided and enafted. That if at any time or times thereafter payment Jhould be made to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, of any fum or fums of money, not being lefs than five hundred thousand pounds at a time, in part of the laid two millions, fa. much of the annuity attending the fame, as /hall bear a proportion to the fum or fums fo paid in part, Jhould ceafc, determine and be abated : ana whereas in purfuance of an aft ofparliament made in the firjl year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An a61 for granting an aid to his Majesty by fale of annuities to the bank of England, at(3*0, t,c.t four pounds per centum redeemable by parliament, and charged upon the duties on coals and culm; and for further applying the produce of the finking fund ; and for enlarging the time for exchanging of Nevis and Saint Cbrijlopber’s debentures, for annuities at three pounds per centum ; and for applying the arrears of his late  Majesty’s civil lift revenue ; the sum of five hundred thousand pounds was paid to the faid governor and company ofthebank of England, in part of the faid principal fum bf two millions, for reducing twenty thousand pounds per annum, being a proportional, part of the faid annuity of eighty thousand pounds, fo that there is now Jubfifling of the fame annuity only the yearly fum of sixty thousand pounds, which is redeemable in manner afore faid on payment to the fame governor and company of the remaining principal fum of one million five hundred thousand pounds : now we your  Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubje6ts the commons of Great Britain in parliament afiembled, being willing to have the publick debts and incumbrances discharged as fall as conveniently may be with regard to juftice and the publick faith, and being al(o defirous to raUe the fugply granted to your Majesty in this feftion of parliament

 CjOO^I^

208	Anno	undecimo Georgii II. c. if. [173S.

liamcnt by ways the leaft burthenfome to your fubje&s, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, out of the furplufles, excefles and overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund, towards the supply granted to your Majesty for the fer-vice of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight; and to that end and purpose do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That One million by or out of such monies as have arifen, or shall from time to

belaid out of **mc 2Tl^c aru* ^ *n ^1C receiPt °f his M^jefty’s exchequer, of the linking the &id' furplufles, excefles and overplus monies, commonly fund.	called the finking fund (after paying or referving fufficient to

pay all such fum and fums of money as have been directed by any former act or adls of parliament to be paid out of the fame) there shall and may be iflued, paid and applied, a fum not exceeding the faid fum of one million five hundred thou*

,	fand pdunds, for or towards the supply granted to his Majesty

for the  service of the faid year one thousand seven hundred ana thirty eight; and the commiffioners of his  Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to iflue and apply the fame accordingly.

II.	And your  Majesty’s faid commons having refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the further fum of five hundred thousand pounds, for the  service of the faid year one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, to be raised in such manner and form as is herein after mentioned, be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That the annuities which by

Sinking fund this acft shall be granted and made payable in refpedt of the a”r^^bletor faid principal fum of five hundred thousand pounds, until re-of the foau^of demption thereof by parliament in manner herein after men-

500,0001.	tioned, shall from and after the feaft day of Saint Michael the archangel, one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the monies which from and after the faid feaft day shall from time to time arise and be remaining in the’receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer, of or for the faid furplufles, excefles or overplus monies of the fund commonly called The finking fundi and the faid furplufles, excefles or overplus monies are hereby appropriated for that purpose accordingly.

III.	And for or towards raifmg the faid fum or fums of mo-

Claufeofcre- pey, not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of five hundred dit.	thoufand pounds, it is hereby further ena&ed by the autho-

rity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute, advance and pay into the receipt of his

Ma-



209

*73*-] Anno undccimo Gtoaeli II. c. xrfl

Majesty’s exchequer, for his  Majesty’s ufe, at such time or times as shall be appointed by the commiffioners of the trea-fury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, any fum or fums of money, not! exceeding the faid fum of five hundred thousand pouno$, for the abfolute purchafe of anv certain annuity or annuities, to commence from the faid feaft day of Saint Michael the archangel, one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, and to be paid and payable to such contributor or contributors, or such as he, (he or they shall nominate, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators, successors and affigns refpedively, until the redemption thereof by parliament in manner herein after con-* tained in that behalf; which certain annuities shall be computed at the rate of three pounds per annum for every one hundred pounds, and proportionably for any greater fum lb to be advanced and paid; ^nd the purchafe money fo paid for every such annuity at the rate aforesaid is hereby appointed to be paid into the faid receipt of exchequer at the time or times to be appointed as aforesaid; all which annuities fo to be purchafed ihall be paid and payable at two of the moil ufual feafts or days of payment in the year; that is to fay, the feaft of the annunciation of the bleffed Virgin Mary9 and Saint Michael the archangel, by even and equal portions; the firfi payment thereof to be due and payable at the feaft of the annunciation of the bleffed Virgin Maryy which shall be in the year of ouf Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine.

IV.	And it is1 hereby enabled. That in the offices of the Book of ac* auditor of the receipt, and clerk of the pells, there shall be count* tot* provided and kept a book or books, in which there shall bekcPc* fairly entred the names of all persons who shall be contributors for such certain annuities as aforesaid, and of all persons1 by whofe hands the faid contributors shall pay in any of the faid fums upon this a<51, and also the fums paid for such annuities; to which book it ihall be lawful for the faidVefpedive contribu* tors, their executors, adminiftrators and iffigns, from time to time and at all feafonable times to have refort and to infeed the fame without fee or reward.

. V. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Contributors That all and every contributor or contributors upon this a<5l to enjoy aad duly paying the contribution or purchafe money at the rate a- have abfolute forefaid, at the time or times in this ad limited in that behalf, for any such annuity or annuities as aforesaid, or such as he, anuul*l?8# (he or they shall appoint, his, her or their- refpedive executors, adminiftrators, successors and afligns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and he intitled by virtue of this ad to have, receive and enjoy the refpedive annuity and annuities fo to be purchafed, out of the monies by this ad appropriated as aforesaid, until the redemption thereof by parliament according to th£ provifo herein after contained in that behalf; and that all and ev ' ' chafers, their ex,ecutojr$, adminiftrators,. fyecefr-

fors





£10

The fame to be perfonal ana not real.

Contributors to have tallies (truck,and orders for payment.

Annuities af-fignable.

Anno undedtn^ Geokgii IIv C.	[173&

lors and afligns refpo&ively, shall have good, furc, abfokite and indefeafible estates and interefts in the several annuities fo by them refpeCtively to be purchafed, according to the tenor and true meaning of-this a <51; and that air filch estates and 7n-terefts of and in the. faid annuities, and every of them, shall be, and be adjudged, taken and accepted in fconftruCtion of law, and, in all courts of law and equity whatsoever, to be a perfonal and not a real eftate, and shall go to the executors or admini-ftrators of the person or persons dying poflefled thereof, interefted therein, or mtitled thereunto, and not to the heirs of such perfon) or persons ; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary not-withftanding: and that all the faid annuities to be purchafed ofMhis aeft as aforesaid, and every of them* shall be free from all taxes* charges and impofitions whatsoever.

VI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That every contributor upon this a<5t for any such annuity or annuities as aforesaid, his, her or their executors, administrators, successors or afligns, upon payment of the confideration or purchafe money for the fame at-the rate aforesaid, into the faid receipt of exchequer, at the tifne or times in this a<5t limited in that behalf, shall immediately have one or more talley or tallies levied, importing the receipt of the purchafe money as shall be fo paid for any such annuity or annuities at the rate aforesaid; and every such contributor, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators, successors or afligns refpedtively, shall have an order for paying the faid annuity or annuities until redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifo herein after Contained in that behalf; which order shall be figned by the treafurer and under-treafurer of the exchequer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, and after figning thereof the fame shall be firm, good, valid and effectual in the law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this a<5t, and shall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removal of any treafurer or un-def-treafurer of the exchequer, or any commiflioner or com-miflioners of the treafury, or by or upon the determination of the power, office or offices of them or any of them, nor shall any lord high treafurer of Great Britain, treafurer of the exchequer, or any commiflioners of the treafury, now or for the timei being, have power to revoke, countermand, determine or make void such orders fo figned as aforesaid, or any of them.

VII.	And be it further enaCted, That the proprietors of the orders to be made forth for the (aid annuities in purfuance of this a<5l shall or may from time to time, by proper words of afiignment to be indorfed on his, her or their order, aflign or transfer his, her or their right, title, interest and benefit of such order or orders, to any other person or persons, which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt, the officers there shall caufe an entry or memorial thereof ta be-made in the book of regiftry for such orders without fee or charge; and aftqc such qotry made such affignmept. shall Intitlc

fuch





173B;J	Atfhd'u^&imo Gi&ton II. c. %f*

fitch affigned, hftj; her, or their executors/adminiftrators; foe* ccfflarrs and afligrwj to the benefit thereof and payment there* on, and such affignee may in like titantt# affign again, and fo tobies qudties'i and afterwards it shall not bein the power erf filch person or periods who shall make fUch affignments, to make void, releafe or difeharge the fame, or any monies thereby due; or any part thereof. 0

VIiI. And whereas it may ft happen, that in procefs of time ft* veral of the fatd ftanding orders may hecorhe defacedf, Obliterated 00 incumbred with many alignments indorfed thereon, or by fedfonthere** of, or fohte other1 defeats therein, it may become nieeffary that the Jaid defaced, obliterated, incumbred, or otherwije defective orderil Jhoitd be taien in and cancelled, and new orders made forth, ahd de~ livered to the owners and proprietors of the orders fo to be'Cancelled in Hen thereof; be it therefore enacted by the authority afore-faid. That in all or any of the fatd cafes any three or more of New orders to the (aid commiffidners of the treafury now be i fig, or the high be made forth treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the terat^°on^!-freafdry for the time being, may, if he or they shall (b think fit, from time to rime caufe to be made forth new (landing orders for and in lieu of such defaced, obliterated^ incumbred or otherwise defeftive orders, fo'as'fuCh defaced, obliterated^ incumbred 01* dtHefwife defiriftive'order or orders, be at the feme time delivered up and cancelled, and the new order or orders to bd made out in lieu thereof be made payable to fcbe person or persons, Who shall appear to be the proprietor orpro^ prietors of the faid order or orders fo delivered up and cancel* led at the time of such delivery up as aforesaid; and the auditor of the feid Receipt aforesaid shall always take Care, that such entries or itaemoratidtims be "made upon the (kid new orders, as may denote their being made out in lieu of such defaced, obliterated/ incumbred or otherwise. defective orders cancelled; and as may fecare the publick against any double payments for or by reason of the making out or iflurng such new otders in manner aforesaid.

IX. And for the preventing of all fhnjds and abufeslh bt a-bout the faid ftanding Orders, or aAy'lffigtii’nents thereof/orthe receiving the annuities dt»e or to jffow due thereon; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person ist persons F°rgmg or-whatfoever shall forge or counterfeit, or procure, to be forged or Counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully aft and alfiftirtthpforg-ing or counterfeiting, any order or orders made forth tjrto .be made forth in purfuance of this aft, or any affignment or affign-ments of such order or orders, or of the annuities payable there- . on, or of afiy receipt or difeharge to the exchequer for the annuities due or to grow due on any such order or orders, or of any letter of attorney, or other authority, or inftrument, to transfer, aflign, alien, or convey any such order or orders, or to receive the annuities due or to grow dud thereon, or any part thereof, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully aft or affirm the forging

P 2	o*



iU	v Anno undocww Gborgu II* g. tyi [173*.

or counterfeiting, any the name or names of any; of the proprietors of aoy such order or orders, in or to any such pretended af-fignment, receipt, letter of attorney, inflrument, or authority, or shall knowingly or fraudulently demand or endeavour to haveor Receive any such annuity or annuities, or any part thereof, by virtue of any such forged or counterfeited receipt, letter of attorney, inurument, or authority, or shall falfly and deceitfully perfonate any true and real proprietor or proprietors' of any of the faid order or orders, and thereby aligning or endea-vouring to affign any of the faid order or orders, or receiving or endeavouring to receive the money of such true and lawful proprietor, as if such offender was the true and lawful owner thereof; then and in every such cafe all and every person and persons, being thereof lawfully convided in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fuffer as in cafes of f	'	felony,	without	benefit	of clergy.

'	X.	And	be	it	further	ena&ed, for the better encouraging per-

fons to advance the faid fum of five hundred thousand pounds **	the credit of this ail, that all receipts and iffues, and all

drnte °r* °ther things direded by this ad to be performed in the exche-9	guer,	(hall	be done and performed by the officers there, with-

out demanding or receiving, diredly or indiredly, any fee, reward, or gratuity for the fame; and in cafe the officers of the exchequer shall take or demand any such fee or reward, or shall !K* keep books or regifters, and make cntrje$, and do and perform all other things which by this a£t they are required to performs every such officer shall forfeit his office, and be for the future incapable of any office or place of truft whatsoever, and shall anfwcr and pay treble damages and coils of fuit, to any contributor, or person claiming under him, that will fue for the fame; to be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefly’s courts of record at tVeftminfleT) wherein no eubin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, in-jundion, or order of reflraint, or more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and in the faid adion the plaintiff upon recovery shall have full coils of fuit, one third of which fum fo to be recovered shall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer for the benefit of hisMajefly, his heirs and fuccceflors, and the other two thirds shall be to and for the ufe of the pro-fecutor.

Commiflion- XL Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the autho-ers to pay offi- rity-aforefaid, That out of the monies from time to time arif-Minwutodhe *n8 at	^ccip1	of	exchequer of or for the faid furpluffes,

finking fund, exceffes, or overplus monies, of the fund, commonly called The finking fund* it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners of. the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, to reward the officers and clerks in the exchequer, and others, that shall or may be any way employed in the execution of this ad, in relation to the faid annuities to be payable thereupon, for their labour, pains, and  service therein rcfpedivdy, and to difebarge and



i738-1 Aon© undeclm© GeoRGII II. c. 27.	313

htisfy fbch incident charees as shall neceflarily attend the ex©- ’ cution of the fame, in iuch manner as the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafu- , rer for the time being, shall from time to time think fit and rea- * fonahle in that behalf; any thing in this alt contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enalted by the authority Annuities aforesaid, That at anytime, upon one year’s notice to be print- when toceafe, ed in the London Gazette and affixed upon the Royal Exchange

in London by authority of parliament, at any of the half yearly feaft days for payment of the faid annuities, and upon repayment by parliament of the principal fums**for which the faid annuities shall be payable to such refpe&ive persons or corporations as shall be mtitled to the fame annuities, and also upon full payment of all arrearages of the fame annuities; then, and not till then, the faid annuities shall ceafe and determine, and be underftood to be redeemed; and that any vote or refo-lution of the houfe of commons, figntfied by the fpeaker in writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged fufficient notice within the words and meaning of this ad.

XIII.	And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain (urn, not to exceed in the whole the faid fum of five hundred thousand pounds, to be raised either by such loans as aforesaid, or by ifiuing exchequer bills a? is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of thofe ways or means, for the poblick service; be it further enalted by the authority aforesaid, That in cafe the commiflioners of his  Majesty’s treafury, ComraUBon* or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafu- erfmay’raife rer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury ^^chmuer for the time being, shall judge it more advifeable to raife the biuHnitcad of fum of five hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof, by loam, exchequer bills inftead of such loans as aforesaid; that then

they refpeltively are hereby authorized and impowered at any time or times before the twenty fifth day of December whicn shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight to prepare and make, or caufe to be prepared and made, at the exchequer any number of exchequer bills for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the (aid fum of five hundred thousand pounds together with such loans as aforesaid, in the fame or like manner, form, and order, and according to the fame or like rules and direltions, as in and by a certain alt of this present feflion of parliament (For continuing the duties -on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight) are ena&ed and preferibed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the fame all.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, The priviie-That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, ges, See. re-advamages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities contained in

P 3	the



fi4	.Anno uAcfctaaao'GEO&OiIIL €•*>. [(yjl

the malt aftto the faid 4 aft-men tibned aft relating to the loarts cat exchequer* thofcftSiii kills aut^or,2C<*to randc by the fame aft (except such dairies as do charge the (ame on the duties or impositions granted or continued by the fame aft) shall be applied and extended to the exchequer-bills to be made in purfuance of this aft* as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the fame exchequer-bills had been originally authorized by the faid laft-tnen-tioned aftv or as if the faid fevcral claufes or ptovifoes had been particularly repeated or re-enafted in the body of this pnefekit aft.

Such bills XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all chax^eable on fhe exdhequer-billHis shall be made in purfuancbof this aft, the Unking

fund*

One million

and the intereft, premium* rate* and charges incident to, or attending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon and shall be repaid and borne fcy or out of the growing produce of the faid furplufles, exceffes, or overplus monies commonly called The Jinking fund (except such monies of the laid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular nfe or tries by any former or other aft or afts of parliament in that behalf) and such monies of the faid finking fund shall and may be iffued and applied, as fail as the fame can be regularly dated and ascertained, for or towards paying off, cancelling, and difcharging such exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money fuffident for that purpofc be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the re-fpeftive proprietors thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefiud, to be paid to That at or upon the feaft day of Saint Michael the archangel, the bank out onc thousand (even hundred and thirty eight, there shall be if-granted'dus^8^^’ paid, and appli^ to the faid governor and company of jeflioo. * bank of England the sum of one million, out of any the aids or fupplies granted in this fefiion of parliament, for redeeming the annuity of forty thousand pounds, part of the before-mentioned annuity of sixty thousand pounds, in further part of the faid principal fum of two millions as aforesaid; and that upon payment thereof the annuity attending rtidreon shall ceafe, determine, and be abated, for the benefit of the publick.

Application of XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority the monfry aforesaid. That all the monies coming into the exchequer, ei-granted this ther by loans or exchequer bills, upon one aft of this fefiion lemon. of parliament, intituled,  An act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the fervid of the year one thousand fever, hundred and thirty eight, and fo touch money (if any such be) of the duties thereby granted and continued, as shall .arife or remain , after .all the loans or exchequer bills made, or to be made on the (ame aft, and all the intereft, premium, or rate and charges

thereon.



ty^-J Anna underimo Geojrou II. c. 2 7.	215

thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for ratting thefald duties^ shall be fatiafied, or money fufficient shall be referved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame; and all the monies coming into the exchequer, either hy loans or exchequer bills, upon one other adt of this feflion of parliament, intituled. An ail for granting an aid to bis Majefly by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, far the  service of the year one thousand fcven hundred and thirty eighty and fo much money (if any such be) of the tax thereby granted, as Hull arise or remain, after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame ad, and all the intereft, premium* or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifingtbe (aid land tax, (haiLbe/atisiled, or money fufficient shall be referred in the exchequer to difcharge the fame 1 and the Turn of two millions by this ad granted as afore-fiud, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several ufes, intents, and purposes Herein before and after expreffed, fubjed nevertheless to such reftridions as are herein after prefcribed; that is'to fay, it is 1,24.1,885 !. hereby enaded and declared, That out of all or any the aids or 118- sd- tor fupplies aforesaid, there shall and may be iffued and applied naval services, any fum or fums of money not exceeding one million two hundred forty two thousand eight hundred eighty five pounds, twelve (hillings, and five pence, for or towards the naval services herein after more particularly expreffed ; that is to (ay, for or towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of his  Majesty’s navy, and for hair pay to fea officers, and for or towards viduals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the vi&ualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or tqwards fea services in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed.

XVIII.	And it is hereby ena&ed. That out of all or any the 40>000j.f0r aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid there shall and may be if- rebuilding filed and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding forty (hips, thousand pounds, for the rebuilding and repairing (hips of the

royal navy for the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight.

XIX.	And it is also hereby enaded. That out of all or any the I0 O001. to aids or. fupplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be iffued and Greenwich applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thousand hofpital. pounds upon account for or towards the support of the royal hospital nxGneeowiehy and for the better maintenance of thefeamen

Of the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in the  service of their country.

- XX. And it is hereby also enaded. That out of all or any s6 j the aids or fupplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be iffued and 7 d for and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding eighty fix the office of thousand and nineteen pounds, four (hillings, and seven pence, ordnance, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of ordnance for land  service performed, and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land services, not provided for by parliament.

XXI. And it is hereby likewise enacted. That out of all . a.f 1 p4	’	or9«i>7*6

 CjOC e

p d. for the land forces.

^47>S491*

3 d. halfpenny, for guards and garrilons.

2*5,98* 1. 7 d. halfpenny, for the plantations.

97.9 I0l. 7S.

6 d. for Chel ica Hofpital.

ft d. for extraordinary expenccs.

4«,9S9l. »5s.

iod. tor half pay.

3,990]. for reduced officers widows.

Anno und&ifto Georgii II. c. 27.	[1738;

or any the aids or fupplies, provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be iflucd and applied any fnm or fums of money, not exceeding nine hundred sixty one thousand seven hundred eighty* fix pounds, nineteen (hillings, and nine pence, for or toward? maintaining his  Majesty’s land forces, and other services herein after more particularly exprefled; that is to fay, any fum or fums of money not exceeding fix hundred forty (even thoufimd five hundred forty nine pounds, eleven (hillings, and three pence halfpenny, for defraying the charge of feventeen thousand feven. hundred and four men, including commiffion and non-com-million officers, and invalids, for guards, garrifons, and fix independent companies far the (Service of the highlands, and other his  Majesty’s land forces in Greai Britain, Guernfey, and Jerfey9 for the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight ; and* any fum or fums of money not exceeding two hundred twenty five thousand nine hundred eighty two pounds, and fevert pence halfpenny, for maihtaining his  Majesty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garrifons at Annapolis Royal, Canfo, Placentia, and Gibraltar, for the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight; and any fum Or fums of money not exceeding twenty seven thousand nine hundred and ten pounds, seven (hillings, and fix pence, upon account for the out-penfioners of Chelfea hofpital, for the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding fourteen thousand three hundred ninety five pounds, four (hillings, and fix pence, for defraying several extraordinary expences and services incurred in the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven, and not provided for by parliament; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding forty one thousand nine hundred fifty nine pounds, fifteen (hillings, and ten pence, upon account of half-pay to the reduced officers of his  Majesty’s land forces and ma-_ rines, for the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, fubjedi ncverthelcfs to such rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as are herein after prescribed concerning the fame; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding three thousand nine hundred and ninety pounds, for paying of penfions to widows of such reduced officers of his  Majesty’s land forces and marines, as died upon the eftabhftunent of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fixtecn, for the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight; which faid fum of three thousand nine hundred and ninety pounds, shall be ifliied to such person or persons, as his Majesty mail, by warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual direct or appoint to receive the fame, to be by him or them paid over to such widows of half-pay officers, or their affigns, according io such eftablifhments, lifts, or other diredtions, and with and fubjedi to such conditions, qualifications, deductions, or other allowances for the fame, as his Majesty, by such or the like warrant or warrants, shall be gracioufly pleafed to diredf or appoint. 1	  •	XXII.	And



173**] Arin§ undecimo GeoRgii II. c. 27.	217*

XXH. And it is hereby also enadled, That out of all	4	s.

any the aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and !* du Threr inay be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money not	**

ceeding twenty eight thousand three hundred twenty one pounds, of the grant* four (hillings, and* eleven pence three farthings, towards making for 1737. good the deficiency of the grants for the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven.

XXIII.	And it is also hereby ena&ed, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and

may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money not ex- j rg u Ceeding three thopfand two hundred thirty two pounds, eighteen Jod. for de-fhillings, and ten pence, to replace to the finking fund the likeficiency of the fum paid to make good the deficiency of the additional ftamP dutie*. damp duties at Cbri/imas, one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, purfuant to a claufe in an a<5t of parliament pafled in the fourth year of his  Majesty’s reign, for raising one infllion two hundred thousand pounds by annuities, and a lottery for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred 30,0001. to and thirty one; and any fum or fuips of money not exceeding replace to the thirty thousand pounds, to replace to the faid finking fund the finking fund-like film paid out of the fame to the governor and company of the bank of England for one year and a halPs interest due on or before the eighth day of September, one thousand seven hundred' and thirty feven, being after the rate of four pounds per centum on the principal fum of five hundred thousand pounds by them lent oft the credit of the fait duties towards the supply of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty fiye, purfuant to a claufe in an a& of parliament pafled in the eighth year of his  Majesty’s reign, for granting and continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of io,oool. to-fbur years; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding ten ward* main-thoufand pounds, towards the maintenance of the British forts ^fn.in8 *jjj* and fettlements belonging to the royal African company of Eng-	the

Ararf, on the coaft of Africa; and any fum or fums of money not repairing of exceeding four thousand pounds, towards repairing and finifhing Weftminfier the collegiate church of Saint Peter, Wejlminfter, and there shall Abbey, and may be iflued to the truftees for eflablifhing the colony of Georgia in America, any fum or fums of money not exceeding g0f000i# to eight thousand pounds, by them to be applied towards fettling the colony of and fecuring the faid colony.	Georgia.

XXIV.	And as to the faid fum of forty one thousand nine hundred fifty nine pounds, fifteen (hillings, and ten pence, by this»a& appropriated on account of half-pay, as aforesaid ; it is

hereby enabled and declared by the authority afbrefaid, That rujcs for ^ the rules herein after preferibed shall be duly obferved in the application of application thereof; (that is to fay) that no person shall have or half-pay. receive any part of the fame, who was a minor, and tinder the age of fixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop, or company, in which he ferved, was reduced; that no person shall have or receive any part of the fame, except such perfops who did a&ual  service in fome regiment, troop, or company; that no L . *	perfon

 (^.ooQle

21,8'	Anno^undecimo	GaofcGli	Ik&aJh bj&i

perfon having any other place or omployrqeqt 9f profit, civil oc 1 military, under his Majeny, shall have or receivp any part of that faid half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or.regiment, whn> has. any ecclefiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland* shall have or receive any of the faid half-pay \ that no person shall have or receive any part of the lame, who hath refigned his com-* million, and hath had no commiffion fince? that no part of the fame shall be allowed to any person by virtue of any warrantor appointment, except to such persons, who would have been o-therwife intitled to the fame as reduced officers* and that iu» part of the fame shall be adlowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately dif* banded in Ireland* except to such as were lately taken off the e-Qabli foment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXV.	And whereas by an aft cfparliament made in the tenth feat of his Majefiy* s reign* intituled* An act for repealing the present duty on fweets, and for granting a lefs duty thereon; and for explaining,and enforcing, the execution of an ad paflfed in the ninth year of his  Majesty’s reign, intituled,  An act for laying a duty upon the retalers of fpirituous liquors* and for Ucenfing the retalers thereof 3 and for appropriating the fupphes granted in thif feflion of parliament, and for making forth duplicates of exche^ quer bills, lottery tickets, and orders loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed ; several fupplies which had been granted to his Majefiy* as is therein mentioned* were appropriated to several ufes and purposes ' therein exprejjed* amongfi which*any fum or sum of money notate-reeding forty four thoujand fix hundred eighty five pounds* two /killings and fix pence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majefiy s land forces and marines* fubjeft nevertheless to fucb rules to be objerved in the application of the faid half-pqy* as in and by the aforesaid aft were prescribed in that behalf: now it is hereby Surplus mo. provided, enaded, and declared by the authority aforesaid. That ney granted fo much of the faid fum of forty four thousand fix hundred and to reduced of- eighty five pounds, two (hillings and fix pence, as is or shall be * more than fufficient to fajisfy the faid reduced officers, accord* bow dlfppfed ing to the faid rules by the faid ad preferibed to be obferved in o£	the application thereof, or any part of such overplus, fh*il or may

be difpofed of to such officers who are maimed loft their limb* in the late wars, or such others as by reason of their long fer-vice or otherwise his Majesty shall judge to be proper tobjeds of charity, or to the widows or children of such officers, according to such warrant or warrants under his  Majesty’s royal fign ma-nual, as shall be figned in that behalf; any thing in this ad» or the faid former ad, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An all for the better regulating the manufafture of narrow woollen cloths in the Weft: Riding of the county of York.

WHEREAS it hath been found by experience, that the laws Mow in being concerning the making and inanufafturing of narrow



f73^-J	A*™*	undccirao	Geo&oiiTI. C.2&	219

row woollen doth in the Weft Riding of the county of York have hitherto proved ineffectual to refrain and prevent the deceits*frauds* and cbufes, which are ufed and praCtifed in the making and working the fata doth, particularly in fir etching and (training the faid cloth $ which ill practices tend very much to the dijcrediting the faid manufacture both at home and in parts beyond the feas; for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the King’s moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, Makers of and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the narrow wool-authority of the fame. That from and after the first day of Au- cloth to fet gujl% which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven tc-Vofthek hundred and thirty eight, every maker of narrow woollen cloth names at tbe within the IVefl Riding of the faid county of York, shall weave or head of every fet in the head of every piece of narrow woollen cloth by him to Picce °f cloth, be made (except white kerfcys, and cloths called Half Thicks) the initial letters of his chriftian and fumarae; and that every ExccPtl0n-piece of narrow woollen cloth.made, milled, or expofed to Tale in the laid Wejl Riding of the faid county (except as before excepted)

(hall ]be meafured at the fulling-mill, when it is fully wet, and before it is carried from the laid mill, both by the mill man, or The fame to owner or Occupier of the faid mill, and by the fearcher (to be be meafured appointed a$ herein after is mentioned) who shall meafure the and how* fame down the middle of each doth for the length, and within the lifts for the breadth thereof; ahd every such mill man, or owner or occupier of every such fulling-mrll, Hull affix or caufe to be affixed at one end of every such doth, before it shall be carried from the mill, a feal of lead, to be furnifhed by the clothier ; and the faid milkman, or owner or occupier of every such -fulling-mill, (hull rivet the fame on every such cloth, and shall damp his own name in plain words at length thereupon, and shall likewise ftamp the length and breadth of every such cloth in plain and legible figures upon the f^me feal of lead ; and every such fearcher shall also affix a feal of lead at the other end, whereon he shall ftamp his name, and the length and breadth of the cloth in plain words and figures, and in the fame manner as the faid mill man is hereby directed and required to feal and ftamp the fame; and the faid mill man, or owner or occupier of every such fulling-mill, and also every such fearcher, shall re-fpecftively keep books, wherein they shall enter in plain and legible words and figures the day and year when every such piece of cloth rs or (haJI be fulled or milled, and also the name and -place, of abode of the owner of every such piece of cloth, and the length and breadth thereof.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. Penalties. Tha* frptn and after the first day of Ahgujl, one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, if-any maker of any such cloth shall refufc or neglect to weave or fet the initial letters of his chriftian and furname in the head of each cloth fo by him made; or if any mill naan, or owner or occupier of any such fulling-mill, or any such fearcher, shall refufe or neglect to fix such feals at the tad Of every piece of such cloth, before it lhall be carried from

2	the



Juftices at guarter fef-(ions to appoint fearchers,

and allow them falaries.

Searchers to be fworn.

The oath.

In cafe of the death or (ick< fiefs of any fearcher, an-pther to be appointed!

Anno undedmo Georgii II. c. 28.	t*73^«

the mill, in the manner, and with such ftamp or impreffion, as is before directed; or shall negledl or refufe to make such entries in books to be kept by them refpedtively for that purpofe, as are herein before directed; or shall refufe to permit and fuffer any buyer to infpedt such entries, when thereunto reafonably required: every person or persons fo offending (hall, for every such negledt or offence, forfeit the several fums herein after mentioned ; that is to fay, every maker of such cloth shall forfeit the sum of twenty (hillings, and every mill man, or owner or occupier of such fulling-mill, and every such fearcher, shall refpedlively forfeit for every such negledt or offence the sum of five pounds.

III. And be it further enadted. That the juftices of the peace for the faid Weft Riding of the faid county of York (hall, at their quarter feflions of the peace to be holden for the faid Weft Riding* or the major part of them prefiyit, next after Midfummef next, and afterwards at their general quarter feflions of the peace to be holden next after Eajler yearly and every year* choofe and appoint fo many men of gooa character and repute within the faid riding, who have ferved apprenticeftiip to the trade of making narrow cloth, or who shall have exercifed such trade for the lpace of three years, as they shall think reafonable, to be fearch* ers for the year enfuing, and may allow to each of them such * falary, as they in their difcretion shall think fit; which (aid fearchers shall and may have full power at all feafonable and convenient times to enter into and infpedt all such mills, (hops, warehoufes, and tenter grounds of makers, merchants, or deal* ers in narrow cloth; as they shall think proper; and if they think fit, to meafure the length and breadth of any cloth which they shall fufpedt to be over-ftretched or drained in length Or breadth i and all and every such fearcher and fearchers, before he or they* shall enter upon the execution of his or their faid office, shall take the following oath before one of the juftices of the peace for the faid riding; that is to fay,

I A. B. do /wear, That I will well and trulv execute the office of a fearcher of narrow woollen cloth within toe Weft Riding of the county of York,

So help me God.

IV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any ■ perfon, who shall be (o appointed to be a fearcher of such cloth, shall happen to die during the year for which he is fo appointed to be a fearcher, or (hall, by ncknefs or any other accident, be rendered incapable of executing the faid office, that then* and in such cafe, it shall and may be lawful for any one juftice of the peace of the faid riding, living near to the place where such fearcher did or shall refide, to appoint fome other proper person (qualified as aforesaid) to supply the place of such fearcher until the next quarter-feflions, to be there by the major part of the juftices prefect confirmed^ or another person appointed m his





1738*]	.	Anno undccimo Georgii II. x.28.	121

place; and the person fo confirmed or appointed shall take the fame oath, and be inyefted with the fame powers, and liable to the fame penalties for any breach or negledt of duty, as the fearch-ers eJeded or to be elefted at the quarter-feftions by virtue of this a& are or ought to be.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, cloth* ftamp-That every piece of such narrow cloth shall be meaiured by the ed wrong, to maker or owner of the faid cloth after it is brought from the bere-ftampcd, mill, and before it be fet upon the tenter; and if such maker or

owner finds such doth, upon meafuring thereof, to be lefs than the meafure (tamped thereupon at the mill, either in length or breadth, or if such cloth, by lying wet in an improper fealon for drying, shall fall (hort of the meafure fo (tamped thereupon, that then, and in such cafe, the maker or owner of such cloth shall carry or fend the fame to the mill man, or owner or occupier of the fulling-mill, and to the fearoher who meafured and	:

(tamped the fame, to be by them re-meafured and re-ftamped with the true length and breadth thereof; and in cafe any maker on penalty of or owner of such doth shall neglelt fo to do, every such maker 5s* or owner (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five ^

(hillings.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Maker* to day of Augujii one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, it ftretch cloth shall and may be lawful for the maker or owner of (uch cloth,tocertain proto ftretch every (uch piece of narrow cloth one inch in every porUonf* yard in length, and two inches in every three quarters of a yard

in breadth, and fo in proportion for every piece of narrow cloth of greater length or breadth; but if any maker, buyer, owner,dreffer, or dealerin such narrow cloth (hall, from and after the faid first day of Augufl, one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, ftrain or ftretch, or caufe any such cloth to be drained or ftretched, above the proportions herein before-mentioned, either in length or breaath, every such person fo offending shall forfeit for the first half-yard in length, or first inch in breadth, fo averftretched, the sum of ten (hillings, and for every other half-yard in length, or half-inch in breadth, the sum of twenty (hillings.

VII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforesaid, Stamp* not to That if any person or persons shall take off, or in any manner be obliterate alter, deface, obliterate, counterfeit, or cut out any of the faid

feals, or any of the figures or letters (lamped thereupon, or any letter or letters fet or woven in such cloth, before the fame shall be fold or cut by the retailer, or exported to parts beyond the feas by the merchant or dealer, every such person or persons (b offending, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of forty (hillings.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Expences of That a fum not exceeding three pence for every such narrow the aft, &c. cloth - made or milled within the faid Wejl Riding of the faid *** county of York (which fum shall be fettled and afeertained

by the juftices of the peace for the faid riding at their general quarter feflions, or the major part of them then present, next after Afidfutomtr next, and afterwards.at their general quarter fef-

fion*





i2%	Arlno	undecimo	Georgii II. C.28.	' [1738.

lions after Eafter yearly and every year) shall be paid bv every tnaker or owner of such cloth, before the fame is carried to the fulling-mill, to such person or persons as the faid juftices of the peace shall appoint to receive the fame; and that all and every of the fums of money fo railed shall be applied to defray the charges and expences in obtainirifj this act, and to pay the falaries of ■ fearchers, and to defray the other neceflary expences of putting 4	*	this a<t in execution, in such manner and proportion as the faid

juftices of the peace at their faid quarter-feffions yearly, or the major part of them, then present, shall direct and appoint.

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. The mill man That it shall and may be lawful for such mill1 man, or owner or or fearcher to occupier of every such fulling-mill, or such fearcher, or ftich o-tiiul^inoney t^er P^011 a$ the feid juices lhall appoint to receive the money h paid. y to he fo fettled and ascertained to be paid for every such piece of

narrow cloth as aforesaid, to detain such cloth at the fulling-mill till the money fo payable for the fame shall be paid; and in cafe the maker or owner of such cloth shall negledt or refufe to pay the fame for the space of eight days after the fame is demanded, that then, and in such cafe, it shall and may he lawful for the person fo appointed to receive the faid money, to fell one or more pieces of the faid cloth for the beft price that cart reafon-ably he got for the fame, and to detain fo much money as (lull then be due from the owner of the faid cloth by virtue of this act, out of the money arifing by such fale, returning the over^ plus (if any be) upon demand, to the owner of such cloth or his afligns.

X.	And it is further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

^	a	^^at an(* everY °f the offences in this a<5t mentioned shall ha

flow robe de cnqilired°f* heard, and determined by any one or more juft ice or termined. * juftices of the peace in the faid riding, not being dealers in the

manufacture of woollen cloth, or in buying or felling the (acne,

. upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witneffes, rea-fonable notice being first given to the person or persons who shall be charged with, or accufed of, any offence or offences against Penalties how this a<5t; and that all such penalties and forfeitures as shall or to be difpofed may happen by reason of this a£t, (hall, after convi&ton be paid ***'	into the hands of the juftice or juftices of the peace before whom

the parties offending shall happen to be conviefted, who shall and is hereby authorized and required (after the charges of conviction are deduced) to pay one moiety thereof to the informer who shall inform, fue, or profecute for the fame, and to pay the other moiety thereof to the treafurer of the faid JVeft Hading of the county of York at the next quarter feflions to be held for the faid riding after the faid penalty shall be fo paid, to be applied to* wards defraying the expences of carrying this adt into execution, in such manner as the juftices of the peace For the faid riding at their faid quarter feflions shall diredt and appoint; and if any offender or offenders foconvidted (hall, by the space of ten days next after his, her, or their conviction (notice being thereof given to him, her,or them, at his/her, or their dweUing-houfe or laft place of a-

bode)

*738.] Atni undfedmo Georgit II. C. 29.	223

bode) ncriedfc or refufe to pay any penalty or forfeiture by him, an^rccoverc<f her, or them incurred by reason of this a61, or shall not appeal \f not 9 to the quarter sessions as herein after is provided, that then, and fn such cafe, it shall and may be lawful for the juftice or juftices 6f the peace before whom such conviction shall Jbe made, or any Other juftice or juftices of the peace fbr the faid riding, not being a dealer ia woollen cloth, upon a certificate of such conviction, to iffue out one or more warrant, or warrants under his or their hands and feals to the conftabie of the town or place, or to the bailiff or bailiffs of the libertiesr, wapentakes, or limits where fiich offender or offenders do or shall inhabit, thereby commanding him or them to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of such offender’s goods and chattels, returning the overplus (if any be) after paying the charges of such diftrefs and fale to the owner Or owners thereof who shall demand the fame; and if no fufli-dent diftrefs can be found, then to commit such offender or offenders to the houfe of correction within the faid Wejl Riding, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpacC of one month. *

XL Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enaCted. profedition* That all informations and profecutions whatsoever, which shall against mill be brought or profecuted for any of the penalties or forfeitures ™cn>&c-ta m this aCt mentioned, against any mill man, or owner or occu-pier of any fulling-mill, or against any fearcher to be appointed	y	*

in purfuance of this aCt,. shall be commenced and profecuted within eight days after the cloth, touching which such offence shall arife, shall be removed from the fulling-mill; and that allor against informations or profecutions against any clothier or maker of, or clothier* and dealer in cloth, shall be commenced within one month after the dealers in ^ cloth,' touching which such offence shall arife, is fold and deli- f^^th^e* vered out of his, her, or their cuftody; and that all other pro- 0ffcucc% . fecutions and informations agiinft any other persons whatsoever for any of the penalties or forfeitures in this aCt mentioned shall be commenced or brought within one month after the offence is committed.	>

. XII. Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted‘by the autho- Liberty of ap* rity aforesaid, That it any person or persons shall find him or peal to the herfelf aggrieved by any order or warrant made by any juftice or quartor-fck juftices of the peace upon any conviction before him or them in ^onl* purfuance of this aCt, such person or persons may appeal to the next general quarter sessions to ^>e held after fourteen days from fuch\conviCtion, for the faid ridine of the faid county of Torky giving ten days notice of such appeal to, the person of persons discovering the offence on which the conviction was made; and if the juftices at their faid quarter sessions shall think fit either tp confirm or difannul the orders or proceedings of the faid juftice or juftices, they shall allow such cofts and charges to the party aggrieved thereby* as they shall think reafonable, to be levied and paid in such manner, as is ufual in cafes of appeals from any Order of the juftices of the peace to the feffions, whofe order herein shall be final.

XJU. Provided alfo, and it is hereby dariared, That h shall and Maker* may •

make cloth of

/





what length

Vid breadth tbfcy think fit,

Directions for cloths made in the Weft Riding of York, and milled in adjacenjtcoim-ties.

A&ions to be laid in Com' York*

General ilTue.

Treble cofts.

Publkk aft.

Anno undedmo Georg	u 11. [1738.

may be lawful to and for any clothier, or maker of narrow woollen cloth, in the faid JVeJl Rjding oi the faid county of York* to make every piece of narrow woollen cloth (exceptas before ex-fcepted) to be by him made, from and after the nrft day of Au~ gujiy one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, of such length and breadth as he shall think fit j any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notvvithftanding.

,X1V. And whereas fever al of the' faid narrow coloured cloths are made in the faid Weft Riding of the fail county of York, and in times of great drought or and at forne other times, are mojl conveniently milled in the adjacent parts of the counties if Lane after, Chefter, or Derby, where no mill men and cloth feareners are by this ad appointed to put in execution the fever al pozuers hereby grantedand afterwards the fame cloths are expojedto fate in the faid Weft Riding of the faid county of York; it is hereby further enacted, That /or the better regulation thereof, all and every such cloth or cloths made in the Wefl Riding of the county of York, and fo milled in the faid counties of Lancafiery Chefler, or Derby> (hall, before they are dried and tentered, be brought to the neareft mill man and cloth fearcher in the faid fVeJl Riding of the faid county of York to be by this adt appointed, and be by them meafurea, and have their lengths and breadths ftamped and affixed thereto, and shall be in every other refpedt conformable to the fame regulations and payments as such cloths are, which are both made and milled in the faid JVejl Ridings and in default thereof the makers or venders of such cloths as aforesaid shall be liable to the fame penalties and forfeitures as thofe are, who both make and mill cloths in the faid IVeJl Riding of the county of York.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any adtion or fuit after the commencement of this adt ihall be brought, commenced, fued or profe-cuted against any person or persons, by this adt authorized to put the fame or any part thereof in execution, in every such cafe the adtion shall be laid in the faid county of Yoriy and not elfewhere; and every such person or persons fo fued or profecuted may to such adtion or fuit plead the general iffue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this adt; and if it shall appear fo to be done, or that such adtion or adtions shall be brought in any other county, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and that upon such verdidt, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonfuitea, or discontinue his adtion after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble cofts, for which he and they shall have the like remedy, as in cafes wherein cofts are by law given to defendants : and that this adt shall be taken and allowed as a publick adt in all courts within this kingdom; and all judges, juftices and other persons, are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP.





1738.] Annb urided'mo GfeaRGii II. c. 29,30.	225

CAP. XXIX.

An a& for repairing the road From Shoreditch Church through Hackney to Standford Hill, and crofs Cambridge Heath, over ftethnal Green, to the turnpike at Mile End, in the county of Middled

Certain tolls art granted from i Jim, 1738, for ai years.

CAP. XXX.

 An act for explaining and amending an aft of the eighth year of bis present Majefiy's reign, intituled, An act for the application of the rents and profits of the estates forfeited by fce attainder of James late earl of Dendent* water, and Charles Radcliffe.

WHEREAS James late earl of Derwentwater was in the	re.

year of our Lord one thou fond seven hundred and fifteen at- citing the* aft» tainted of high treafon, and executed for the fame: and whereas Charles Radcliffe was also attainted of high treafon in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fix teen: and whereas by virtue of an aft of parliament, in the firjl year of the reign of his* late majejty King Cjcorge the Firji, intituled, An act for appointing commit ,Gc0*t*Ci fioners to enquire of the estates of certain traitors and popifti rccufants, and of estates given to fuperftitious ufes, in order to raife money out of them feverally tor the ufe of the publickj and of one other aft made in the ninth year of his faid late Majejlfs 9 Geo. x. c. 19? reign, intituled, An act to continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of monies; and for relief of William late lord Wtdirington; and to prevent foreign lotteries being carried on in this kingdom; and for afeertaining the duties on bound books imported; and for iffuing certificates and debentures for arrears due to five regiments, to be fatisfied by annuities therein mentioned; and for difeharging the duties of rock fait loft on.

Jbe rivers Weaver and Mercy; and for limiting the times of con-Vnuance of commiflioners for forfeited estates in England and Scot* land refpedively; and for appropriating the fupplies granted to hi*

Majesty in that feflion of parliament; and to rectify mifnomers and

omiflionsof commiflioners for theland tax,in the year one thousand •Geo.a.c.ati

feven hundred and twenty three; and °fon*	tnade in thefifth 5	'	3

year of his present Majestys reign, intituled, An a<5t for making

void the several contracts for the fale of the estate of James late.

earl of Derwentwater, to William Smith efquire, and also of the

annuity of two hundred pounds, during the life of Charles Rad-

cliffe, and the arrears thereof, to Matthew White efquire, and

the several conveyances made in purfuance of the lame; and of

other afts of parliament, made and pajfed in the reign of his faid late

Majesty, the barony, manor or lordjbip of Langley in the county of	%

Northumberland, and divers other manors, lorafhips, mejjuaget,

lands, tenements, rents and hereditaments belonging to him the faid

James late earl of Derwentwater, and the faid Charles Radcliffe*

became vejled in his then Majesty, and afterwards in his present Ma-	a

jefiy, for the ufe of the publtck: and whereas by an act made in the * *	“

eighth year of his present Majejlfs reign, intituled* An a& for the

Vot. XVII,	Q*

Anno undecimo Georgia II. c*30£	CI73^#

application of the rents and profits of the estates forfeited by the attainders of James late earl of Derwcntwater, and Charles Radclijfe; the faid premises are continued vcjled in his present Ma-j(fty, his.heir sand Jucc effort ; and the rents, ijfues and profits thereof ^ are appropriated for the ufe and benefit of the royal hospital for Teamen at Greenwich, according to the directions of the faid aft, fub-jeft to such incumbrances as are contained in the faid aft: and whereas the faid premijfes being by the faid loft mentioned aft vefied as afore-faid in his Majesty, his heirs and fuccejfors, in his politick capacity, which in confederation of law never dies, it may create a doubt, whether the tenants of the faid efeates ought to dofuch afts andfervices, and pay fetch fines and feems of money on the death of his present Maje-ffey (whom God long preferue for the benefit of his 0ople) or on the death of any future King or Opueen of this realm, as by the nature and tenure of their eftates, founded upon immemorial ufage and cujhm, or other wife, they ought to have done and performed and paid on the tee 2*0*0. 2. death of any hrd thereof, in cafe such lord was a fubjeft; be it s*.	therefore enafled by the King’s molt excellent majesty, by and

with the advice ana confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament afTembled, and by the Tenantsof the authority of the fame. That upon the death of his present Ma-faid estates to jefty, and also upon the death of every fucceflive King and Queen pay the fame df this realm, all such a<5ts and services shall be done and per-onthe^eath of * and all such fines and fums of money shall be paid bjr theKingorhis refpe#ive tenants of the faid estates to every fuccefior of his Aicceffors.as if Majesty, or, in cafe any of the faid estates shall be fold, to such they were pri- other persons, who shall be the owner thereof, as by the anci-vate persons. ^nt tenurc thereof, or by any contra#, law, ufage or cuftom ought to be done, performed and paid by them, in cafe such King or Queen fo dying was confidered as a private person only, and not in his or her politick capacity; and for default of performance of such a#s and services, which ought fo to be aone sfnd performed, and for default of payment of any such fines and fums of money, which ought fo to be paid, such forfeitures and penalties shall accrue and become due, and it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and for all and every person and persons by him or them appointed, or who shall be then owner of the faid eftates, or any of them, to ufe and take all such ways and means for recovering and taking advantage of the faid forfeitures and penalties, as might be lawfully ufed or taken by any lord of the faid eftates, in cafe such King or Queen fo dying was confidered as a private person only, and not in his or her politick capacity; any law, ufage or cuftom to the con-s rsary notwithstanding: all which faid faid fines, fums of money, tothe ufe of P?na^*es and forfeitures, which shall accrue and become due to Greenwich his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, during his and their interest hofpital. therein, shall be applied to and for the ufe and benefit of the royal hospital for feamen at Greemvicb.

II.	And whereas there are grouting or (landing on the faid estates large quantities of timber, which if fold might raife a confederate.

.	•	pitrt of the money with which the fata efiates are now incumbred, and

be





*738*1 Anno undecimo GeoRgii II. c. 30.	227

be otherwise a benefit to the faid hofpital: and whereas fome donH bath been raised what method ought to be taken for the fale of the limber on the faid eftates; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may Be lawful to and for the at- Mcthocj for torney general of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, by his felling the or .their direction to apply to his  Majesty’s court of Exchequer at timber of the IVeJlminJler by motion in a fummary way for the fale of all or faid eftatei. 6f such part or parts of the timber on the faid eftates, or any pf them, while the fame shall remain unfold, from time to time and at all times as shall be thought fit; upon which motion it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid court of Exchequer*to make such order or orders, and give such directions for the fale or fales of such timber, and other orders and directions therein, as the faid court shall think proper; and the money arifin* by such fale or fales shall be applied by the direction of the faid Money thence court to the dtfcharge of the faid incumbrances, and in the	*•

mean time be paid by the purchafers into the court of Exchequer, c or to the treafurer of the fai<| hospital for the time being, or be placed out in such government or other fecurities, and in the names of such persons, as the faid court shall direCt; and indafe there shall happen to be any furplusof the faid money, the fame shall be applied in the first place for and towards the finifhing and compleating the building of the faid royal hofpital; and after the building of-the fame royal hospital shall be compleated and fini(hed, for and towards the support of the faid royal hofpital, for the better maintenance'of the feamen of the faid royal hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in the  service of their country; and after the faid incumbrances shall be totally difcharged* then all the produce of or money ariflng by the fale or fales of any timber on the faid estates shall be from time to time and at all times wholly appropriated and applied to the ufe of the faid hofpital.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted and declared, His Majesty to That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs order the cut-and fucceflors, by fign manual to authorize the commiflioners (JJ^^mber^ and governors of the faid hospital for the time being, or any

feven or more of them, according to their difcretions to direA the cutting down from time to time such timber from off the (aid eftates, to be ufed in the repairing any houfes1, tenements, buildings or erections on the faid eftates; and also in the building apy pew houfes, tenements, buildings or erections on the (a(d eftates, as they shall judge neceflary tor any tenants of the laid eftates, and to be for the benefit or improvement thereof.

IV.	And whereat in and by the faid lafi mentioned aft there is a power lodged in the faid court of exchequer, upon application as thereby direftedy to make such orderSy and give such direftionsy as the faid court Jhall think proper, for the fale or Jales of the abfolute fee fimple and inheritance of such part or parts of the faid premijfes fo forfeited and vefied in his Majesty as aforesaidy and charged with the rejpeftive mortgages and incumbrances in the faid aft mentionedy as Jhould be fujfifitnt u difcharge the fame; except an annuity of one

0^2	kun•



22$	Anno undecimo Georgii II. C.go; [1738.

hundred pounds a year in the faid aft mentioned: and whereas the reft of the faid prtmiffes fo forfeited and vefted in his Majesty, or fame of them, which are not charged with the faid mortgages and incumbrances may by reason of their lying intermixed and in common with the efates of other persons or otkerwife, be more convenient to he fold for the purpose afore faid, than such of the faid premiffes which areJb charged, or Jome of them; be it therefore enacted by the authority Incumbrances aforesaid, That for or towards the difcharge of the faid mort-may be dif- gages and incumbrances (except the faid annuity of one hun-charged by dred pounds a year) and not otherwise, it shall and may be law-the preS^es ^to an<*	attorney general of his Majesty, his heirs and

■	# successors, by his and their diredtiQn, to apply to his Majcfty's

faid court of exchequer by motion in a fummary way for the fale or fales to any person or persons, being proteftants, of the fee Ample and inheritance of any of the faid premifles (b fprfeited, and vefted in his Majesty as aforesaid, or any part or parts thereof, which are not charged with the faid mortgages and incumbrances, as shall be thought moft convenient to be fold and difpofed of ; upon which motion it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid court to make such order or orders for enquiring into the conveniency of the fale of the fame, and upon report thereof, to make such order or orders, and give such directions for such fale or fales thereof, as the faid court shall judge proper, and for caufing publick notice to be given of such fale or (ales, as is ufual in cafes of estates directed to be fold by decrees in courts of equity; and to make and give such other orders and directions therein, as to that court in their djfcretion shall feem juft; and the money arifing by such fale or (ales shall be applied by the direction ot the faid court for or towards the difcharge Of the faid incumbrances, or fpme of them, and in the mean time be paid by the purchafers into the court of exchequer, or to the treafurer of the faid hospital for the time being, or be placed out in such government or other fecurities, and in thp names of such persons, as the faid court shall direCt; and in cafe there shall happen to be any furplus of the faid purchafe money, Purchafers to the fame shall be applied for the benefit of the (aid hofpital; and have grants upon payment and application of such purchafe money as a-thcreot. forefaid, one or more grant or grants, aflurance or afliirances, of such parts and parcels of the faid estates and premifles as shall be fo fold and pajd for as aforesaid, shall be made and pafled under the great feal of Great Britain to every ftich pur-chafer or purchafers, his, her or their heirs and afligns; and aH and every person or persons making any such purchafe, and hav-* ing any such grant or grants, aflurance or afliirances as afbre-laid, shall from the time of making such grant or grants, aflurance or afliirances, be, and are hereby adjudged to be, feifed of and intitled to the abfolute fee Ample, and in the aClual poflef-. (ion, of such part and parts of the faid premifles as shall be fo purchafed and conveyed.

V.	And whereas in and by the faid latl-mentioned aft of parliament it is enabled, That it shall and may bq lawful for his Majesty, his

heirs



f 738.}	Anna undecimo GeorgiI II. c. 30.'	Z2g

heirs and successors* to authorize end impower the commijjmers and governors of the /aid royal hospital for the time being* to grant leafes of the premijfes or any part or parts thereof during fuck term of years* and upon the conditions of the /aid aft mentioned-* and amongft other things it is thereby ordered, That no claufe be contained in any of the faid leafes, giving power to any lejfee to commit wafie* or exempting him* her* or them from pimijhment for committing the fame; and whereas within and under several of ine faid lands and premijfes are contained several mines of lead* coal* ana other miner ah* as well opened as not opened* which will probably turn to a very great profit unto the faid royal hofpital* for the winning and working whereof it will be neceffary to make and fink pits, trenches* groves* drifts* water-gates* and water-courfis* and to do several other afts and things wlbin and upon the faid lands and grounds* which may be reckoned and deemed to be committing wajle within the meaning of the faid to the end therefore that the faid mines and minerals, as wtjll unopened as opened, may be effedually won and wrought KNT the benefit of the faid hospital * be it enaded by the autho-nty aforesaid, That it lhall and may be lawful for his Majesty, Power to feafe his heirs and fucceflors, during the continuance of his or their	.w£rt

effate in the premises, by fign manual to authorize the com- J^premiffcs. triiffioners and governors of the faid hofpital, or any (even or p more of them, to demife and grant all and every or any of the Cud mines and minerals, as well unopened as opened, for any gutnber of years not exceeding twenty one years, to take effedt uj pofleflion and not in reverfion, referving the beft rents or dues that can be reafonably gotten for the fame, without taking 4hy fine, premium, or free gift, with full liberty to the refpec-, five Ieflecs to win and work the fame mines and minerals, and to do every ad and thing requifite and necefTary for that pur-pofe, without reckoning or deeming the fame to be wafte, fo as there be contained in all such leafes a condition of re-entry for non-payment of rent, and fo as the refpedive leflees execute counter-parts of such leafes.

VI.	A/id whereas the fines* cuftoms* and services by and under which frjeral of the tenants hold their farms* lands* tenements* and plates* lying and being within several of the faid manors* are agreed* afeertained* or exprejjid in fome articles* indenture* deed* or writing* now or late in the cufiody or power of fome of the faid tenants* who refufe to produce or jhruv the fame* which if produced might be a means to prevent difputes* differences* and fuits concerning the faid fines* eujloms, and services, and for the quiet and benefit both of the lord and tenants * be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the attorney general Method of of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, by his or their diredion, obliging the to apply to his Majcfty’s court of exchequer at IVeJlminfier by tei™nt5 10 . motion in a fummary way against any tenant or tenants hold-ing any farms, lands, tenements, or eftates, lying and being to fines, &c? within the faid manors, or any of them, of whole having in his, * her, or their cuftody or power any such articles, indenture, deed, or wjriting probable evidence mall be (hewed to the fatis-

Q_3	fadion





mortgages.

230	Anno	undecitrio	GeorGII	II.	C.30:	[1738/

fa&ion of the faid court, for such tenant or tenants to produce' and (hew forth the fame; upon which motion it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid court of exchequer to examine and enquire into the faid matter, and to make such order or orders with refped to the producing and (hewing forth any such articles, indenture, deed, or writing, by any such tenant or tenants appearing to the faid court to have the fame in his, her,' or their’ cuftody or power, and toith refpedt to any copy or copies to be had and made thereof, and such other order and orders concern-in thfc fame, as the faid court shall think proper and juft.

VII.	And whereas it may be a conftderabk time before the faid mortgages and incumbrances can be discharged by fde of a competent part of the faid premifles for that purpofe, and the interest of the principal money due thereon is partly at the rate of five pounds for one hundred pounds, and partly at the rate of fix pounds for one hundred pounds for a year; and it will be a benefit to the faid hospital for the faid money to be at a lefs rate; be it therefore enaded by

and jo reduce the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his the rates of Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, by lign manual to authorize the commiflioners or governors of the faid hospital for the timd being, or any seven or more of them, to agree with the refpec-five mortgagees and incumbrancers of the faid premifles in the find laft-mentioned a ft named, their executors, adminiftrators, or artigns, or any of them, for any lefs rate or interest for the principal money due on their fecurities refpectively, than the fame is now at; and in cafe the faid mortgagees and incumbrancers shall not fo agree, then to agree with any other person or persons for the advancing money at any lefs tote or interest than aforesaid, for paying off the principal money due on the faid mortgages and incumbrances, or any of them, upon the fame being afligned unto such person or persons refpe&ivdy fo advancing such money.

VIII.	Provided always. That such alignments shall be made for the refpe&ive principal money only of the faid mortgagers ind incumbrances, or any of them, and for the interest of such principal money to grow due from and after the making of fudi aflignments refpedively; and that the faid principal money and interest thereof in all such aflignments shall be made payable the end of fix months at the fartheft from the day of the making of such alignments refpe&ively.

IX.	And whereas it may be doubtful on the words of the faid laft-mentioned all, whether any leafe can be good by virtue of the faid tf/7, unhfs executed by all the commiflioners, which will be imprafti-cable; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, by his and their fign manual to authorize and im-power the commiflioners and governors for the time being, or any seven or more of them, from time to time during the continuance of his  Majesty’s interest in the premifles, to grant leafes thereof, or of any part or pans thereof, in such manner, for such terms, and under such reftridions, a $ in the faid laft-

mention-

Profifo.

Styen com-mifiioiiers to act.





•1738.] Anno undecimo Ge6Rgii II. c. 31.	*331

mentioned act ant^ in this present a (ft are for that purpose ex-prefled and contained, referving the rents thereof to his Ma-his heirs and fucceflors, which rents shall be received and applied in the manner directed by, the faid lad mentioned a£l.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this adt, and every claufe and matter therein, shall by all and every judge and judges and other person and persons be con-ftrued ana adjudged as largely and beneficially in all courts of law and equity, and all other places, as can be for the ends and purposes herein expreiTed, and is hereby declared to be a pub- Publick aft. lick a€t of parliament ; and all judges and juftices.are hereby •required to take notice thereof asfucb, without fpecial pleading

the fame.

XI.	Saving always to the King’s mod excellent majesty, his Majesty's# heirs knd fucceflors, all Rich right, title, eftate, iutereft, claim,

and demand of, in, unto, or out of the faid premises, or any

Ert thereof, as his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, might have d or been intitled unto, in cafe this ad had never been made (other than and except Rich right, title, eftate, intered, claim, and demand, as was or Is veiled in his Majesty, his heirs and fiicceflbrs, by virtue of the several attainders herein before* mentioned, or either of them, or of the faid recited ads of par«< liament, or any of thetn; and other than and except such right, title, eftate, intered, claim, or demand, which his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, hath or may have in or to such part or parts of the faid premifles, which shall be fold purfuant to the directions of this ad) any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithdanding.

- XII. Saving also to the faid several mortgagees and incum- nor the claim-hrancers in the aforesaid ad of the eighth year pf his present ants rights m Majesty named (till they shall be paid off as aforesaid) and to herJbC all ait<i every pther person and persons, bodies politick or cor- ju4iccir porate, their heirs* fucceflors, executors, adminidrators, and afligns, all such right, title, edate, intered, claim, and demand of, in, unto, or out of the (aid premifles, or any part thereof (except such part or parts of the faid premifles which shall be fold purfuant to the diredions of this ad) as they or any of them might have had or been intitled unto, in cafe this ad had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithdanding.

cap: XXXI.

An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Ad 13 Eliz, offices, or to read the prayers and make the declarations and fubferipti- c. >1.

'' ons required within the refpedive times Limited by law ; and for allow- Ad j 3 & 14.

• ing further time for thofe purpofes.	Car. 2. c,*.

Perfons qualifying themselves according to the faid ads by 18 Nov. 1739,

*nd taking the oaths of office by 1 Aug. 1738. indemnified. Ail persons required by law to read the articles of religion* and the prayers, indemnified, if they do fo by 14 Dec. 1738. This ad not to reftore persons to place? already forfeited* EXP.

Q.4	CAP

 

%l%	Anno	urtdecimo	Georg	it	IL	c.ja.	,	[1738.

CAP. XXXII*

Jin aft for enlarging the time granted by an *8' faffed in the third year of the reign of bis late majefiy lung George, intituled,,  An act for enlarging the time granted by an aft. pafled in the eighth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne* intituled,  An act for making a convenient dock or bafon at Liverpool, for the fecurity of all (hips trading to and from the faid port of Liverpool •, and for enlarging the fame, by making an additional, dock, and building a pier in the open harbour there •* and for enlightening the faid dock•

preamble re- ’IW/HEREAS by an act made and paffed in the eighth year of citing the aft V V the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled* An, ?Anwe,c«xa. for making a convenient dock or bafon at Liverpool for the

curity of all (hips trading to and from the faid poft of Liverpool* the mayor* aldermen, bailiffs, and common council of the borough of Liverpool, were impowered to mate a wet dock or bafon* wjtp wharfs, Jluices, and canals, in and upon a certain piece or parcel of ground sn the faid aft mentioned* which had been appointed and jet apart by an order of the faid common council for that pwrpefe* and Certain rates* tonnage, keelage* and duties upon all Jhips* veJJels* barkst or lighters (except the Queen's Jhips of war and others employed in her then Majejifs service) trading or coming into or out of the faid port of Liverpool with any goods or merchandift, were by the (aid aft granted or dir efted to be levied and paid to the faid mayor * alder-men, bailiffs* and common council for the time being* and their fuc~ (effort, or to their colUftors or deputies* to be from time to time appointed, for the term of twenty one years* from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ten* and to be applied for the building and repairing the faid new dock or bafon* and other works in and about the fame, and for feturing preferving amending and maintaining the faid dock or bafon and harbour of Liverpool, and to no other ufe orpurpefe whatsoever; and the faid mayor* aldermen* bailiffs* and common council for the time being, and their successors, were thereby impowered* by in-denture under their common pal, to convey or affure the duties grunted by the faid aft* as a fecurity for any fum or fums of money by them to be borrowed for the ends and purposes of the faid aft* to any perfen or persons that Jhould advance such fumjor fums of money upon Juth fecurity, which money fo. to be borrowed was thereby direfted to be employed for and towards the building and erefting the faid dock or bafon, and other works for the fecuring, preferving* and amending the faid dock or bafon ; but the duties granted by the faid aft Jhould not be at any time conveyed and made a fecurity for or charged with any greater or farther fum than fix thousand pounds: and it was by the faid aft further enafted, That from and after thefaid term of twenty one years* and fo long as the faid dock or bafon and other vupris JJ)ould be continued or kept up* there Jhould be paid to the faid nfoyer* aldermen* bailiffs* and common council for the time being, and their successors, not exceeding one fourth part of the rates and duties (herein

mentioned^



*73$'il Anno undepimo Georgii II. c. 32.

■■mentioned, to be collcBed, levied, paid, and accounted for, in the fame manner> and under the penalties and forfeitures therein also mentioned Of id provided, for the colleBing, levyingy paying\ and accounting jor the rates and duties firfi mentioned in the faid aB; and it was also thereby enabled. That there Jbould be nine cmmdffioners to infpetl the accounts of all the colle&ions, receipts, and difburjements of all such monies as Jbould be colleBed and levied by virtue of the Laid Qfoxwbereof three were to be nominated yearly by the mayor, alder-iffen^ bailiffs? and common council of the Jaid borough of Liverpool, in common council aJJembUd, other three to be in like manner nomi-IlfUd mtd appointed by the juflicei <f peace for the county of Lan-9 jf^cr at the fefjms held at Ormejklrk, and other three to be in like manner nominated by the jujlices of peace for the county palatine of Chefter, at their-fevered and refpeBive fejfsons held yearly after

233

i which faid comnujfioners Jo nominated, ot any five of them•

4 thereby authorized, jrom time to time, giving due notice, to cau xethem the collectors, receivers, and others, who had been or kibe tntrufifd with the receipty colleBion, and employment of the mometcreceived and colleBed in purfuance of the faid aB, who Jbould m required to render such accounts to the faid commiffioners, or any five of them \ and the faid commiffioners were thereby empowered to order and appoint all Jucb monies which Jbould rejl due on such ac-count, to be laid out and expended to and for the ufes andpurpofes in the faid aB mentioned, and to and for no other uje wbat/oever: and whereas by another aB of parliament made and puffed in the third year 3 Geo. x. not of the reign of his late majejiy King George the Firjl, for enlarging printed. the time granted by the faid aB pajfed in the eighth year of the reign of her faid late majejiy Queen Anne, all and every the fum and fums of money, rates, tonnagefkeelage, and duties granted and direBed to be levied by the faid firjl recited aB; and all the claufes, powers, pro* fgfaPs penalties, forfeitures, and exceptions therein mentioned, con-faming the colloBion and payment of theJaid duties, and management of the faid dock or bafon, and other works, were continued andenaBed, and declared to be in force, from and after the expiration of the Jaid term

ffi twenty one years (for which the fame were granted by the (aid fitpyemiaB) for and during, and unto thefull end and term of fourteen years from thence next enfuing, and fully to be complect and end-

ed i and it was by the faid aB of the third year of his faid late Ma-reign enaBed, That all and even fum and Jums of money to be lofyjed and received by virtue of the jaid lafi mentioned aB, and the find former aft, Jbould be appropriated and employed, as welt towards paying, and difebarging all and any fum and Jams of mo-npyioxrowed, advanced, or received by the Jaid trujiees, ever and above the Jaid fum of fix thoufimd pounds, as for and towards carrying on, complecting, and finijhing the faid dock or bafon, and all Other works m and about the feme, ana ereBing and placing such proper lend marks, buoys, and other direBions at the mouth and entrance into the faid harbour, as by the Jaid mayor, aldermen, bailiffs, and common council of the borough and corporation far the time being, Jbould be thought needful or proper $ and that after the expiration of 4bp faid term of fourteen years, the fourth part of the faid duties

granted





Ann6 undedmo Georgh 111 0.32*.	[1738.

granted in and by the faid former aft Jhould commence and take place, and not before; and the mayor, bailiffs, and burgeffes of the faid borough and corporation for the time being were by the faid lajt recited aft impowered, by indenture or other writing under the' common feal of the faid borough and corporation, to convey and fecure\ as well all Juch of the duties granted by the faid former aft for the fend term of twenty one years as were not then conveyed, as aifo the duties continued and granted by the faid aft of the third year of his faid late Majesty, as a fecurity for any fum or fums of money to be borrowed for the ends and purposes of the fata several afts, to any per fen or persons that Jhould advance such fum or fums of money upon such fecurity, fo that the duties thereby granted Jhould not at any time be charged with a greater or further fum than four thousand pounds: and zobereas the faid dock or bafon hath been made, finijhed, and perfefted, purfuant to the directions of the faid recited afts, and made capable of takings receiving, and harbouring a confederate mmber of Jhips, which has tended to the increafe of navigation, fiud improvement of trade, within the faid town and port 0/Liverpool ; and in order to enable the truflees to finifb and compleat the faid dock or bafon, they borrowed and took up upon the credit of the faid recited afts, several fums of money, and there now remains due to the persons who advanced and lent the fame cm that account, the principal fum of four thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds at interefe: and whereas by reason of toe feraitnefs of the entrance into the faid dock or bafon from the open harbour ^/‘Liverpool, the navigation into and from the faid dock or bafon is greatly obferufted, and fhips and vejfels lying in the faid dock or bafon are fre~ quently prevented from getting out to fea, and fhips and vejfels lying in the harbour without the faid dock or bafon, are frequentlyforced on Jbore and lofe, to the great damage of the merchants and owners offhips, and the trade of the faid town andport of Liverpool: and whereas in cafe fhe faid dock or bafon was enlarged, and a pier erefted and built m the open harbour of Liverpool, on the north fide of the entrance into the faid dock or bafon, such Ioffes, mifehiefs, and intonvenieheies might in a great mtafure be prevented, and the harbour be rendered more fafe and commodious for the lying, lading, and unlading of fhips and other vejfels reforting thereto, or trading within the faid port, and the mayor, aldermen, bailiffs, and common council of the /aid borough and corporation of Liverpool have agreed to grant another piece of ground, containing seven acres, or thereabouts, parcel of the ground belonging to the faid corporation, adjoining to the entrance into the faid wet dock or bafon on the north and fouth fries of such entrance, wherein such pier and additional deck may be made and erefted, to be held, nftd, applied, and enjoyed for thdt pur-poje for ever; and have also agreed to lay out, apply, and advance out of the common flock of the faid corporation the Jum of one thousand pounds, for accomplifbing fo necejjary and ufeful a work: but as the rates and duties artfeng by virtue of and under the faid recited afts, and the fum fo agreed to be contributed and advanced by the faid cor* poration, will not be feufficient to anfwer the expences of such new works, and difeharge the debt due on the fecurities made in purfuanee of the faid former afts, a defegn fo ufeful and beneficial to the faid

town

 LjOoq le

Anno undccin^Tjr'EoRGffll. c.33,—34.

town and port of Liverpool and to the trade and navigation of'the kingdom cannot be effected and carried into execution, unless the find f&rmer alls, and the terms, rates, and duties thereby granted and continued be enlarged, and other proviftons made for the purposes before Mentioned; may it therefore pleafe your most excellent Ma-jefty, that it may he ena&ed, Zf c.

Continuation of the afts $ Ann. and y Geo. L Duties afllgnable for mo-nfey borrowed. i» Commiffioners appointed. Jhe dock to be kept in repair by a fourth of the rates. Corporation impowered to purchafe ground* See, by agreement, witli the owners, or,by determination of a ju-: ry j and the corporation to give final judgment thereon. On payment of tin; monies, the corporation to be indemnified for uling the grounds, &c** Lamps to be fet up about thp dock, and charged upon the rates. '

CAP. XXXIII.

Aifaft for repairing the roads frpm the town of Loughborough in the - county of Leicefter, to the town qf Derby in the county of Derby 5 and . from tbe faid town of Derby to the town of Brailington, in the faid county of Derby $ apd from the faid town of Derby, through the town ' of Aihbome in the fajd county of Derby, to Hurdloe Houle in die pa*

1 rifh -of Harrington in the faid county.

Certain tolls are granted from 14 June, 1738, for a 1 years. Contywid by 17

Geo. 2. c. 20.

CAP. .XXXIV. fin ad for the effectual draining and preferuation of certain ^ fens called Cawdle Fen, Waterden, and Redmoor, and one piece of fen ground called the Holts, in the IJle of'Ely in the county of Cambridge.

\\f H E R E A S certain fens and low grounds, lying and being in * * Ely, within the ifle of Ely and county of Cambridge, and within the great level of the fens catted Bedford Level, containing it} tie whole eight hundred and fifty acres, or thereabouts, and hereafter mentioned and deferibed: that is to fay, all that fen called Cawdle Fen, containing three hundred and thirteen acres,, or thereabouts, beginning from the river Owze next a farm called Braham’Farm, and from thence all along under Cawdle Fen Drove,’ to StOnebridge, and from thence to Gentibridge, including the Holts, and from thence to the bank next tbe faid river Owze up to the faid farm called Bjraham Farm (excluding the hill-piece of Mr. Needham’* heirs* called the Brick-kiln Grounds, containing five acres) and attfhdt fin catted Waterden Fen, containing two hundred and ninety four acres, or thereabouts, beginning next Turbefey Farm from Sandys’s Cut up to the Milking Hill, and from thence all along the Drove Way under New Barnes Farm to Clayway Drove, and from thence to Clayway Houfe, along Sandys’s Cut, up to the faid Turbefey Farm (excluding four acres of ground belonging to William Cole efquire, at Thiftley Corner next the Milking Hill, and two acres of ground more belonging to Mr. Robert Lightfoot, lying next tbe ground of the faid William Cole, and two acres of ground more belonging to Thomas Buttey, lying next the ground of the faid Robert Lightfoot, and two aerts of ground more belonging to the find

Robert



j5 Car. 2. c. 17.

Anno undcdmp GE6RCIJII. c. 34.	f*73&*

Robert Lightfoot, &///£ wx/ the ground of the /aid Thomas But-tey, and four acres of ground more belonging to Mr. William Caw-thorne, lying next the lafl mentioned ground of the faid Robert Lightfoot, and four acres of ground more belonging to Mr. Thomas Aungier, abutting on New Barnes Farm) and all that fen called Red moor Fen, containing two hundred and forty five acres, or there-abouts, beginning from Sandys’s Cut next Clayway Drove, up to the Drove Way under New Barnes Farm, tip to Chettifliam Field* along another Drove Way leading up to the king's highway under Woodhoufe Farm, and from tbente to Mr. Henry Mor-ley*s kiln-docking, down to Sandys’s Cut, up to Clayway Drove {excluding the two high grounds belonging to Kettlefworth Farm,? have for Jome years lafl pajl been, and fill are, overflowed with 'waters thy ough the dcfefll of their outfalls to the fea, by which means the fame arc in danger of being utterly loji, to the great damage and impoverishment of the rumen of fucb grounds : and whereas, notwitb-Jlanding the powers and provifeotis now ih force for draining and keep-ing dry the fame by and under an all of parliament made in the fifteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for fettling the draining of the great level of the fens called Bedford Level, the faid fen grounds cannot be preferved without the further aid of parliament, to enable the owners and proprietors of the faid fen lands and grounds to prefrrve and keep the fame drained for the future, by which means great benefit will not only accrue to the publick, but much profit to the owners of the faid fen lands and low grounds ; be it enadfed, £sV.

Commiffioners authorized to cut drains through, and ere& works on, the fens for draining them, making fatisfa&ion for damages. Commifltoners to atfefc the ownersof the fens. Duties aflignable for money borrowed, at interest not exceeding 5 I. percent, per annum. Commiflioiiefs not to a£, nnlefs owners of 12 acres of the faid fens. Commiflloners not to in-, termeddfc with the works of the conlervators of Bedford Level$ nor to obfin/t the nav igation of tire river Owze.

cap. xxxv.

gin ad for the bettor tightening the open places, Jlreets9 . lanes, ptbffaghs, and courts, and for the better regulating the tightly watch and bedels, within the pari/k of Chrift Chtfrth in the county of MickUeleX;

Chrift Church in the county of Middlesex, will be of great importance, and tend not only to the prefervatioti of the p erf ms and properties ef the inhabitants thereof but for the common Jafety and benefit of atl other perfens re for ting to and from the market kept within the faidpaxijhy end all other per font ivbofe affairs oblige them topafs and replys through the fame, and very necejfary to prevent, as well the tnjfchiefs which way happen from firesy as murders, burglaries, and Other outrages and diforaers ; and whereas by the laws now in being tic effefiisal provifm is made for the enlightening the faid Jlreets and

other

 CjOOQle

1738.3 Aiidq undocimo GioROli II. c.36,-38.

other plates, or for the cftahUJhing, ordering, or well-governing of fmtb a nightly watch, or-compelling of the ttnftablt or	to

lie bit or their ditty, by watching in their fcvcraiturns, trjtirkrvyxng end aliening any	Jkmsof money for defraying the mtffaty charges

thereof or for enforcing a due application and juft account tf neyto.levied and toileted for that purpofc i for remedy of he afore-faid inconveniences, ftiav it pleafe your moil excellent Majesty, that It may be ena&ed, tfc.

The-veftry to appoint a proper number and fort of lamps, &cv and to make regulations and contracts. Copies of such regulations to be deli* vered to the conftablcs, &c. Yeftry im powered to make a pound on the inhabitants, to be toileted quarterly or half-yearly. The fame not to exceed Id. per pouhd- Marions aggrieved may appeal to quarter ftffipns. Fcrfon* paying thefe rates, Arc. not to gain any fettlerdent. Books of fc-coont to be kept by the vdtry-clerk * and to be infpefted by any inhabitant gratis. Penalties on breaking or damaging lamps. Jutttces irn-powerod to beer and determine offences agamtt this a£h Ptrl&nh paying the rates exempt from the penalties of the a# % W. & M. c* 8. in relation to hanging out lights, and from watch and ward*

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two alts of parliament, one of tho fourth, and the other of the fixth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the roads from the Stones pod in Kent Street, in the parife of St. George in Southwark in the county of Surrey (leadingto the Lime Kilns inJ$aft Greenwich) to the first Mill pond at South End, in the parifti bf Lewirtiam in the county of Kent \ and for amending the road from Westminster Ferry at Lambeth, in the laid county of Surrey, to New Crofs in Deptford in the (aid County of Kent ; and for amending and making the faid alts more effectual 5 and for amending the roads from the Lime Kilns aforclaid to the town of Dartford in the faid county $ and frond a place called Saint Thomas a Waterings, in the faid parUh ot Saint George, to the Stones End, in Bermondfey Street in the faid county of Surrey*

7hi UU$ lie. 6« Geo. i,C. if. an further continued for 38 Yean. Continued by 15. Geo. s.c. 51.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted in and by an alt made iiV tbc tenth year oPher late Majesty Qpeen Anne, for enlarging, amend* urn and mahtainwg the nod between tforthfleet, Gravefend and Roebefier, in the county of Kent j and also another alt made in the eleventh year of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the term granted by tbh feed former a8% and for other purpojes therein mentioned j and for explaining and amending the faid alts; and alio for repairing the highway from Northfiect aforesaid to Dartford in the laid county.

Sfbe telle sore further continued for % lyean.

CAP. XXXVIII*

An act for veiling the real and perfonal estate of Hugh Naifli tfquirew who was late aprifoner in his  Majesty’s prison of the Fleet, and •leaped oo| of the fcmt, in tniftees, for the benefit of his creditors.	’

CAP.

•cJ



2$9	Anfio	unddcuno GbOrgiI II. c. 39. [i738.

. CAP. XXXIX/

An all ta enable the adventurer s, owners and proprietors of the Taxable Lands, and the owners and proprietors of the Free Lands, in Deeping Fens and other fens in the county of Lincoln therein mentioned, tb raife a competent sum of money for the effeSual draining and future prefervatiom of alt the faid fens, according to their agreement in that behalf, and to carry the faid agreement into execution, and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

Preamble re-	EREAS by an aft of parliament made in the fixteentb and

citing the ad V V feventeenth years of the reign of his majefiy King Charles the j6 & 17 Car. Second, intituled.  An act for draining of the fen called Deeping t, c. ix.	and	other	fens therein mentioned, Edward then earl of

Manchefter, and other honourable persons therein named, their heirs and ajfigns, and the furvtvors of them* were declared undertahersfoir the draining the faid fens, in trujl to andfor such person and per Jons, and to such intents and purposes as are therein mentioned : which fad fens are deferibed by the faid aft to be in Holland and Kefteven in the county of Lincoln, and called or known by the names of Deeping Fen, Pinchbeck, and Spalding South Fen, Thurlby ren. Bourn South Fen, and Croyland Fen, otherwise Goggufhland, and contain in the whole about thirty thousand acres \ and one third part of the faid fens, being ten thousand and thirty fid acres, or thereabouts, thentofore allotted to Thomas Lovell ejquire, therein named^ his heir/ and affigns, and five thousand acres more of the faid fen lands afterwards added thereto as a recompense and fatisfaftion for the charges and expenses which they had then before been at, and would be at, in and about the draining the faid fens, were vefied in 'the faid truflees, their heirs and ajfigns, in truft, as to the find ten thousand and thirty fix acres thereoftow called the Taxable lands, to be conveyed by the (aid truflees tofuch person or persons, for such efiate andeftates, in such manner as Thomas earl	Berkshire, and others

I herein named, Jhould appoint; and as for the ftid five thousand acres now called the Free Lands, in truft for the Jaid earl of Berk (hire, and others therein named, according to their refpeftive interefis therein \ and all the faid fen lands fo vefied in the Jaid truflees asaforefaid, were by the faid aft to be fenced and inclofed by the faid truflees, their heirs and ajfigns, agamft the lords and commoners of the refiduTof the faid fens ; and liberty was thereby given for the faid lords and commoners to inclofe and fever and hold in feveralty such quantities of the reft of the faid fens, as Jhould be proportional to their refpeftive interefis therein, fubjeft to the powers given by the faid aft to the faid truflees for draining the faid fens, as if thofe lands bad remained common and uninclofed : and by the faid aft it was enafted, That it Jhould and might be lawful to and for such person and persons, their heirs and ajfigns, or any three or more of them, being then a real owner of two hundred and fifty acres of the faid lands or more within the faia fen, to whom the Jaid trujlces, their heirs or ajfigns, Jhould

execute



1738O Anno undecimo Georgii II. €.39.	239

execute any ejlate or efiates of the faid ten thousand and thirty fix acres, cr any part thereof to be adventurers, and as adventurers under the faid trufieeSy their heirs or aJftgnSy in draining the faid fens* at all timts* and from time to time from thenceforth to bold meetings for such purpojes as in the faid aft are more particularly mentioned ; and to aJJefsy rate, tax and charge all and every the owner or owners of the laid ten thousand and thirtyfix acres of the faid lands, by an equal ana proportionable acre tax, for carrying on and effecting the faid ' worky and to appoint the payment thereof at such times and places as they fhould dire ft ; and in default of payment offuch rates to fell fo much of the defaulter's lands for payment thereof as to them Jbould Teem meet* in such manner and formy and by such ways and meansy as by the faid aft is in that behalf direfted; fubjeft nevertheless to the conditions and forfeitures contained in the faid aft: and whereas by one other aft of parliament made in the twenty fecond year of the reign ^ %% CaR of his faid majefiy King Charles the Secondy intituled* An adt for ». not printed. fettling the draining of the fens in Lincolnjhire called Deeping fens ; the meetings of the faid undertakers fo qualified as aforqfaii	*

spere appointed to be held for ever thereafter at the town of Spalding, on the Thurfday next after the fecond Sunday in April yearlyy fir laying the faid tax* and the time for payment thereof was appointed to be on the tenth day of Odtober then next following ; and if the fame Jhould not be paid on or before the tenth d*y of November then next following* then the fame with the penalty thereby to be impofed (not exceeding the third part of the faid tax) Jhould be levied by fequef-tration and fale of the lands of the defaulters* at such time and in such manner* as by the faid aft is direfted, and that no tax for draining or preferving the Jaid fens Jbould at any time thereafter be taxed or levied at any other time* or in any other manner than as aforesaid: and whereas the faid ten thousand and thirty fix acreSy and the Jaid five thousand acres of the faid landsy have been long fince fenced and inclofed by the fevered and refpeftive owners and proprietors thereof according to the powers given by the faid firfi recited aft in that behalf ; and the fame and all the rejl of the faid fenSy were long fince drained and kept drained for fome years 5 yet notwithjlanding all the endeavours that have been ufed by the late and present owners and proprietors of the faid taxable lands for many years, to preferve and keep all the faid fen lands drainedy the fame have for several years lafi pafi been and* now are fo overflowed with waters through the defefts of their outfalls to fea and other caufeSy that little or no profit can be fnade of thm* to the great lofs and damage of the owners and proprietors as well of the faid free lands as taxable lands, and to the impove-rijhment of the commoners having right ofcommon in the rejl of the Jaid flensy being about fifteen thousand acreSy and for which faid caufes and reofons about four thousand acres of the faid taxable lands have become forfeited for nonpayment of the draining taxes charged thereby and may be fold by the faid adventurers* or any three of them* fo qualified as aforefaiiy by virtue of the faid several recited afts or one of them; dna forcfmuch as the faid fens can never be made profitable, rnlcfs fome new methods be taken to recover the famey and which according to a febeme and efiimate made thereof will cojl about fifteen thoufand

•	pounds

 CnOOQle

246	Anno	undeclmo	GEbftGil II. C*39.	tf73^

pounds ; and forafmuch also as it is provided and enacted by the find firjl recited aft, That if the [aid trufiees therein named, their heirs orafpgns, jhouldjiot inn, drain, ana keep dry the faid fens, as by the fata firjl recited aft is dire ft ed, or Jhould^ wilfully or negligently fu/fer the J'aidfens and wnfles, or the mof part of them, to be again drowned and overflowed by the fbace of five years after the expiration of the time thereby limited for their inning and draining the faid fens, and that the famejhallbe found and adjudged hurtfulhfurrounded through such default by Jhch number of comrnifftoners of fewers as are thereby appointed, and by fitch ways and means as are therein direfted in that behalf; that then and from thenceforth theJaidtrufi of the faidtruf tees of and in the faid ten thousand ana thirty fix acres, and five thousand acres of the faid lands, and all and every the ejlate and ejtates by them executed of all or any of tbofe lands, Jfhall ceafe, determine, and be utterly void to all intents and purposes wbatfoever, and Jball not be helped, altered or relieved by any courfe of law or equity ; and §	that	then and from thenceforth the faid trufiees, their heirs and ajjigns

Jhall yland and be feizea of all such the Jaid lands, in irujl to permit and fuffer the commffioners of fewers for the places therein named to take the whole rents iffues and profits thereof, to be laid out and expended for regaining the faid fens, and for other the purposes therein mentioned •, and to make and execute such ejlate or ejlate s thereof as /hall be dir eftcd and appointed by such number of the Jaid commijjion-ers, and in such manner as is thereby dire ft ed: therefore for preventing the lofs offuch the faid taxable lands and free lands, and for the preservation of the eflates and interejl therein of the several owners and proprietors thereof, and for the recovery ana future preservation of all the faid fens, the greater part of the owners and proprietors of the Jaid free lands, in number of persons and quantity of land, have ccme to an agreement in writing with the faid owners and proprietors of the faid taxable lands, by deed poll bearing date the twenty third day ^February, in the year of our Lord one thoufandfeven hundred and thirty feven, to join with the faid owners and proprietors of the faid taxable lands in making application to parliament, to obtain an aft to enable them to raife the faid fum of fifteen thousand pounds for the ejfeftual draining and future preservation of all the faid fens bf such ways and means, ana upon such terms and conditions, as are fet forth in the faid agreement, and to carry the faid agreement into execution, and make the fame binding upon all parties, in such manner as by the faid agreement is after tained and provided which faid agree-ment is as follows; that is to fay.

Agreement ofTTTHEREAS the owners and proprietors of certain lands the proprie- VV called Tl)* Free Lands, containing in the whole five' ^e°an!l free* t^ou^anc* acres °r thereabouts* lying and being in Holland and land*,” ree Kcjleven, in the county of Lincoln, called Deeping Fen, Pinchbeck, and Spalding South Fen, Thurlby Fen, Bourn South Fen, and Crowland Fen, and who have executed thefe presents, and who s are the greater part of the owners of the faid free lands, in number of persons, and quantity of acres, from the frequent repre-fentations made to them by the adventurers, owners and pro-&	prietors



1738.} Anno undecimo GeoRGIT II. C.39*

prietors of the lands in the faid fens called Taxable Land$> containing in the whole ten thousand acres, or thereabouts, and by long experience, have found, that notwithstanding the great expence which the faid adventurers, and owners of the faid taxable lands, and thofe under whom they claim an interest therein, have been at, and the great endeavours which have been ufed by them refpellively, to keep that whole level drained,, being in the whole about thirty thousand acres of fen land, the faid adventurers, owners of the faid taxable lands, have not been able; fo to do, by reason of the many accidents and misfortunes they Have fo often met with, and other caufes which prevented them therein, and for which reafons and caufes the whole level has for many years pad been fo frequently drowned, that very little or no profit could be made thereof, to the great lofs of all, and im-poverilhment of many, of the proprietors of the faid level, and by which means about four thousand acres of the faid taxable lands are now become forfeited and veiled in the adventurers or proprietors of the faid taxable lands for non-payment of the draining taxes chargeable thereon purfuant to and by virtue of two several alls of parliament made in the reign of his late ma-jefty King Charles "the Second, for draining the faid fens* and that the faid level can never be made profitable, unless fome new methods be taken to recover and fecure the fame; and it having been computed by Ikilful and able engineers employed for that purpofe, that it will colt at lead fifteen thousand pounds to re- ' cover and regain the faid level according to the fcheme and efti-mate made thereof j and the owners of the faid free lands, who have executed thefe presents, being fully fatisfied that the faid level cannot be regained and fecured without a great expence, which cannot be raised on the faid taxable lands alone, have therefore readily confented. That the sum of five thousand pounds, part of the faid fifteen thousand pounds, shall be raised by an acre rate of twenty (hillings an acre upon the faid free lands for such the purposes aforesaid, in cafe an alt of parliament shall be obtained to enable them and the reft of the faid owner? of the faid free lands to raife the fame; and the faid adventurers, owners and proprietors of the faid taxable lands, who have also executed thefe presents, and by their conftitution under the faid several alls of parliament are a fufficient number to treat with the faid owners of the faid free lands, and by their alls to bind the reft of the owners of the faid taxable lands who shall not execute thefe presents, have also confented. That the sum of fix thousand pounds, other part of the faid fifteen thousand pounds, shall be raised by a like acre tax of twenty (hillings per acre, to be laid on the faid fix thousand acres of the faid taxable land9f and as by the faid two several alls of parliament they are im-powered to do; and that as the faid five thousand pounds, and fix thousand pounds shall be raifed, the fame shall be laid out and expended for the purposes herein after mentioned; and that when both thofe fums shall have been raifed, then and not be-* fore the faid four thousand acres of the faid taxableJands, which

*4*

Vo'l. XVII

R

have



Anno undecimo GeoRGH II. c. 39:	f 1738.

have been already forfeited for non-payment of the taxes chargeable thereon, and are thereby become vefted in the faid adventurers, and other the faid taxable lands which shall become forfeited, and as the fame shall become forfeited from time to time* shall be fold, for the moft money that can be got for the fame y and the faid five thousand pounds, and fix thousand pounds, and the money,arifing by such fale, and the rents and profits of the faid forfeited lands in the mean time, as far as the fame will reach to make up the faid fifteen thousand pounds, shall be applied for the perfecting the draining the faid level, and for the maintenance and future preservation thereof, and of the banks, drains, iluices, and other works thereof, according to the faid fcheme and eftimate thereof as aforesaid : therefore we the proprietors of the faid free lands, whofe hands and feals are hereunto fubferibed and fet with the refpeftive quantities of lands appearing against the fame, do hereby voluntarily and freely a-gree to join with the faid owners of the faid taxable lands, in applying to parliament for an aft to enable us and the reft of the owners of the faid free lands who shall not have executed thefe presents, or who by reason of their incapacity or other difabilities in law cannot join herein, to raife and pay into the hands of Sir Francis Wl?ichcote baronet, treafurer, or his deputy, or the trea-furer or his deputy for the time being, of the faid taxable lands, the faid fum of five thousand pounds, in the (hares and proportions herein after mentioned, whenfoever such aft of parliament shall be obtained as aforesaid; that is to fay, thirteen (hillings and four pence per acre, part thereof, on or before the twenty fourth day of June next after the commencement of the faid aft, three (hillings and four pence more, other part thereof, on or before the twenty fourth day of June next enfuing tfce faid time fo limited for the faid payment of the faid thirteen (hillings and four pence per acre, and the remaining three (hillings and four pence, on or before the twenty fourth day of June next enfuing the faid time fo limited for the faid payment of the faid firft-mentioned three (hillings and four pence per acre; and we %the owners and proprietors of the faid taxable lands, whofe hands and feals are also hereunto fubferibed and fet with the refpeftive quantities of land appearing against the fame, do hereby agree. That (in cafe such aft of parliament as aforesaid shall be obtained) a tax of twenty (hillings per acre shall be laid on the faid fix thousand acres of the faid taxable lands, at our pub-lick meeting to be held purfuant to the faid afts of parliament herein before-mentioned next after the commencement of the Ibid aft of parliament fo to be obtained as aforesaid, for railing the faid fum of fix thousand pounds upon the faid fix thousand acres of taxable lands, and that as the fame shall be raifed, the feme shall be paid to the faid Sir Francis IVhichcote treafurer, or his deputy, or the treafurer or his deputy for the time being, of the faid taxable lands, at the like times, in the like portions, and for the like purposes, as the faid five thousand pounds is agreed to be taifed and paid by the faid free land owners. And it is

* hereby

173®-] Anno undecimo GfeoRGti II. C. 39^	243

hereby further agreed by all the parties to thefe presents, That as the laid fevera? fums of five thousand pounds, and (ix thou* fand pounds shall be fo raised as aforesaid* the (ame shall from time to time be iftued, paid, and applied for the draining the faid fens according to the (aid fcheme or eftimate above-mentioned, in such manner as the majority of the owners of the faid free lands, and the majority of the owners of the faid taxable lands, according to their refpeftive quantities of acres, who shall be present at such the faid publick meeting to be held as afore* faid, or the attorney or attorneys lawfully conftituted in that behalf of such of the faid owners, as well of the faid free lands as taxable lands, who shall be then abfent, shall order and direft $ and such application and payment of the faid money purfuant to such order or appointment, shall be a full and effeftual difeharge to the treafurer or his deputy for the time being, his and their heirs, executors, and adminifirators, for the fums he or they shall fo iffue: and forafmuch as fome few of the proprietors of the faid free lands, to the amount of about one thbufand acres, cannot, by rcafon of their incapacity or other difabilities in law, join in this agreement, and for that also the owners of the faid free lands have not any power to raife and levy the faid acre rate fo agreed to be raised by them as aforesaid; it is therefore a-greed. That an humble application shall be made to parliament, to obtain'an aft to impower the faid owners of the faid free lands to raife the faid acre rate upon all their faid lands* by such ways and means as shall be thereby provided; and to carry this a-greement into execution, and make the (ame binding on all parties to be benefited thereby, and to reimburfe such person or persons who shall be minded to advance and^pay the (hares and proportions of such the faid proprietors of the laid free lands as are under such incapacities or difabilities as aforesaid, all such monies as shall be advanced and paid by such person or persons as aforesaid to the faid treafurer, or his deputy for the time being, for the (hare and proportion of such the faid proprietors of the faid free lands under such incapacity or disability as aforesaid, out of the yearly profits of the lands of such of the faid proprietors, and not otherwise, until such monies, with legal intereft,

(hall be fully fatisfied and repaid ; any thing aforesaid to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; it being intended that such the (hares and proportions of such persons under such incapacities or difabilities as aforesaid (halite raised upon the credit of such provifion to be made by the faid aft in that behalf, rather than a work of fo much coniequence to the publick fhould be delayed or fruftrated for want thereof. In witnefe whereof we the faid owners and proprietors of the faid free and taxable lands . have hereunto fet our hands arid feals, with our refpeftive quantities of land, as well free as taxable, against our refpeftive names, the twenty'third day of February, one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven.

R2

Fr$e

	Le

*44

Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. i. £1739# Free Lands:

' Eleven hundred and fifty one acres, Rutland; five hundred and fifty acres, C. Bertie; five hundred and thirty two acres, Wyman Lee; two hundred and eighty five acres, Sam. Horne i five hundred and thirty two acres, for my daughter Eva Wey-man, Mary Weyman *, feventy five acres, Jr ill. S barman.

Taxable Lands; ,

Three hundred and forty acres, Wm. Newland; five hundred and fix acres, C. Bertie *, two hundred and fifty acres, Alexander Wilfon; one hundred and twenty acres, Sam. Horne ; four hundred and twenty two acres, William Perry*, two hundred and feventy acres, for Jacob Prelion efquire, Sam. Horne; one hundred and fix acres, White Kennett; five hundred acres, William Fortrey*, nine hundred feventy two acres, three roods, James Fortrey*, sixty three acres, Charles Bletfo; three hundred forty fix acres, Fr. IVhichcote; two hundred and sixty one acres, John Hum*, three hundred and forty fix acres, John Blackwell*, sixty acres, for my mother Alice Figg, Will. Sharman \ forty five and a half acres, J. Hepburn*, forty acres, EJlher Gates; for a third part of two hundred and fifty eight acres, with two decoys, Robt. Bea-ttor *, thirty acres, T. Norton; one hundred and fix acres, J. Ray~ mond.

Sealed and delivered by his grace the duke of Rutland, &c.

The faid agreement valid in law. The acre rate to be levied on defaulter* by diltrefs and fale. For want of diftrefs defaulters lands to be fold. The power of the ccTnmiflioners of fewers Coni' Lincoln, not hereby lef-fened. The faid lands exempted from other payments. The tax on for* feited lands to be railed by the like means as upon the other lands. This aft not to prejudice the earl of Exeter.

Anno duodecimo GEORGII II.

» rent	trim A T	parliament begun and bolden at Westminster,

<Ht ?ebr. Asm x\. the' fourteenth day of January, Anno Domini one rtg.i, &c. dm-	tboufand seven hundred and thirty	, the eighth year

of reign of our fovereign lord George II. by the grace etinjovit,	of God of Great Britain, France and Ireland, , defender

NotembT/f»- °f ^e	faith, &c. And from thence continued by	a!

noregni,6tc. rogations to the »fir ft day of February, one thousand seven xm*. in Re- hundred and thirty eight. Being the fifth feffton of this prt-°* fent parliament.

CAP. I.

 An act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cjder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England j and lor granting to his Majctty

certaia



1739-1 Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 2—^.’	245

certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the ferviee of tne yea*one thousand fcven hundred and thirty nine. Exp.

CAP. IL

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, Exp.

cap. m.

An a€t for granting an aid t* his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in * Great Britain, for the ferviee of the year one thousand (even hundred and thirty nine. Exp. as. in the pound.

CAP. IV.

 An act to enable the inhabitants of the par'tfb of Saint Nicholas in the city of Worcefter, to raife money for dif charging the debts they have contrasted in rebuilding their parijh church.

WHEREAS the inhabitants of the parijb of Saint Nicholas in the city of Worcefter have borrowed and taken up at in* terejl several Sums of moneys to compleat aud finijh their parijb church (which hath been lately rebuilt) amounting in the whole to the Jum of one thousand two hundred pounds (the whole expence of the faid building amounting to the sum of three thousand three hundred and forty five pounds, and upwards) eight hundred pounds, part of the faid one thousand two hundred pounds, being borrowed at common interest \ and four hundred pounds the refidue thereof being advancedrby Dorothy Bagley of the city 0/Worcefter, fpinfer, and paid to the faid pa-rijbioners, in cmfideration of an annuity of forty pounds a year for her life: but the fend Dorothy Bagley hath lately agreed with the faid parijbioners to reduce the Jaid annuity, and to accept of an annuity of thirty two pounds ayear, during her life, for the fatd four hundred pounds; which the faid parijbioners, by their parijh order, have agreed to pay: and the principal inhabitants of the faid parijh being defrous that the faid fum of eight hundred pounds, and the interejl due there-10on9 and aljo the faid annuity of thirty two pounds to the faid Dorothy Bagley, and the arrears thereof Jbould be fatisfied and paid, &c.

CAP. V,

 An act to continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage

of money.

May it pleafe your most excellent Majesty,

WHEREAS great benefit and advantage did accrue to Eng- Preamble, reland by one atl of parliament pajfed in the eighteenth year of citing the for-the reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An adt mcr a&*f°r for encouraging of coinage, and continued by another alt made in couraeement the twenty fifth year of the reign of his faid maiejly King Charles, 0f coinage, intituled, An adt for continuing a former 2& concerning coin- 18 Car. *.c. j. age ; both which faid oth were revived by an alt made in the firjl year if the reign of his Majejiy King James the Second, and were

R 3	con-



*46	Anno	duodecimo GeoRGII II. C* g,	[iy39;

continued by an a& made in the fourth year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary of glorious memory, and were further conttnu-* ed by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of the faid late King William, and werefurther continued by an 46I made in thefeventh year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne of blejfed memory, and then extended to Scotland, and were further continued by at7 made in the firjlyear of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First of glorious memory, to be in force for seven years, from the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and until the end of the firjl fejfion of parliament then next following; and were further continued by another aft made in the ninth year of bis find late Ma~ jefiy's reign for seven years, from the first day ^ March, one thousand seven hundred and twenty t hree, and until the end of the first fejfion of parliament then next following; and were further continued by another aft made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for seven years, from the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and until the end of the firjl fejfion of parliament then next following: fo that unless the Jaid aft be continued, the encouragement given thereby will ceafe, and this kingdom be deprived for the fitfuft of fo great a good as it hathfor many years lajl pajl enjoyed$ now we your  Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeCts the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, do give and grant unto your Majesty the rates, duties, and impofitions herein after-mentioned, for and during the term and time herein after ex-prefled, and do humbly pray, that it may be ena&td; and be it enabled by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-mons,in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That such and the like rates, duties, and impofi-' ties’ccmtitracd ^ons» as ty	a&	the eighteenth year of King Charles

for 7 years. the Second were granted, and by the faid subsequent aCts were Continued by continued, for and upon the importation of wines, vinegar, *7Geo.i.c.ii. cyder, and beer, during the refpeCtive terms and times therein mentioned, shall be farther continued, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all wines, vinegar, cyder, and beer, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain within or during the space of seven years to commence from the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, and until the end of the first feflion of parliament then next following, and no longer $ and that all the faid former aets, and all other aCts of parliament concerning coinage, and every of them, and every claufe, article, and fen-fence in them or any of them contained, now being in force, shall be and are by virtue of this a£t continued, and shall be in force, and be duly put in execution for and during all such tim$ and term as are before-mentioned, as fully and effectually as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enaCted in the body of this prefect aCt; any former Iaw,"ftatute, provifion, matter, or thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	And to the end the importers of gold ana filver into the •	fnipts of England and Scotland refpeCtively may not bp difeourag-

c4

’ 

247

J939'] ‘ Anno duodecimo Gborgii H. c.6,—8.

cd by any deficiency of the revenue by this alt fettled for defraying the coinage thereof; be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the lord high treafurer, or any three or more of Treafury to the commiffioners of the tfeaftiry for the time being, and they iffue out mo-am hereby impowered and directed, out of the monies arifing niet forde-by this a&, or,out of any other publick fupplies granted or to J>egranted by parliament, tocaufe fo much money to be appli- theraints^ * ed as shall be neceflary for defraying the expences of the (aid mints of England and Scotland respectively, by way of impreft, and upon account for that service; fo as the fame, together with the coinage duties arifing by this aft, do not exceed i any one year the sum of fifteen thousand pounds; and fo as the not exceeding find monies be iflued out of the exchequer of Great Britain to, 1- per the mailer of the mint in England,and the mailer of the mint annum‘ in StotUutd relpWtively, for the faid purpofes.

CAP. VI.

 An act to indemnify perfoni who have omitted to qualify themselves for office* and employments within the time limited by law, and for allow* ing further time tor that purpofe. EXP.

CAP. VII.

4n aft to enable the parifbioners of the parifb of Ealing, in the county of Middlcfex, to raife money by rates upon ibemfehes for finijhtng the church of the faid parijh.

WHEREAS the parijh church of Ealing, in the county of	,

Middlefex, becoming ruinous and irreparable, the parishio-iters (who are very numerous) were obliged to ajfemble for divine  service in a flight timber tabernacle, built by voluntary contributions* phieh is also now become ruinous, and not capable of containing all the inhabitants of the faid parijh; and that foon after the faid taber* node was ere fled, the Jleeple and roof of the faid parijh church fell down, and in order to rebuild the faid church and Jleeple, and to make the faid church commodious, a brief was obtained, whereby, and by fubjeriptions, the funi of one thousand five hundred pounds, hr there*-abouts, was raifed, and the fame bath been duly laid out and applied in erefting a Jhtll of the faid churchy and rebuilding the faid Jleeple ? and whereas the porijhioners of the faid parijh are unable to difcharge a debt remaining due to such workmen as were employed in rebuilding the faid church and Jleeple, and to defray the expence of erefting and making convenient pews, at\d also to JiniJh and compleat the in-fide of the faid church with neceffary and decent ornaments, and to cajl the old, or provide new bells, without the aid and ajjtflance of an aft of parliament, &c.

CAP. VIII. •

 An act for repairing the road between Stamford and Grantham, in the , county of Lincoln.

Certain tods or? granted from 24 June 1735, fi* **years. Continued by 24.

Geo.2. c. 3,

R 4	CAP-





348

Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 9*	[*739*

CAP. IX.

 An act for applying a sum of money, given by fie will of Daniel Wifeman efquire, deceafedy for finifhing the now church <*/ \V00lwich in the county of Kent; and for raif ing an annuity by an ajfejfment on the parijh of Wool* wich, during the lives of Mary Wifeman and Elizabeth Crouch, and the life of the furvtvor of lbeiny purfzant to the faid will.

preamble, re- "TT THERE AS by an aft of parliament made in the fifth year citing the ■&	y V of the reign of his present Majestyy intituled,	An adt for re>

jGeo.x. c.+. building the pari(h church of Woolwich in the county of JSW, as one of the fifty new churches diredled to be buijt by two adts of parliament, one made in the ninth, and the other in the tenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anney it was enaftedy That the faid church Jbould be rebuilt as one of the fifty new churches direfted to be built. by the faid two afts of parliament: and the commijftoners for building the faid fifty new churches were thereby impowered and required to pay, or duly caufe to be paidy out of the fund appropriated for building or endowing the faid fifty new churches, the sum of three thousand pounds, on or before the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty twoy into the hands of their treafurery to be difpofed of and applied as is therein after direfted (that is to fay) the faid treafurer Jbould after the fata twenty fourth day of June, payy or caufe to be paid* at any time or times y Juchfum or fums of money, not exceeding in the wboky x	the sum of three thousand pounds, according to the order and direftien

of the right honourable the lordVe re Beauclerk, brother to his grate the duke of Saint Albans, the right honourable John lord PercivaJ,

* of the kingdom 0/* Ireland, the honourable Robert Byng efquirey Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Robert Furnefe, Sir Robert Auftin, Sir Gregory Page, Sir John Shaw, Sir Edward Bettenfon, Sir William Saunderfon, baronets; Sir John Jennings, Sir Charles Wager, Sir George Saunders, Sir Jacob Acworth, knights \ David Papillon, David Polhill, Thomas JPearfc,efquires \ the reftor of Woolwich for the time beingy the	Rochester, the

archdeacon of Rochefter, the reverend Mr. Philip Stubbs archdeacon of Saint Albans, Chriftopher Appleby, Jofeph Kirke, Richard Bowater, Peter Denham, efquires; doftor j£mes Sherard, John Chelly, John Hayward, Daniel Wifeman, Thomas Rogers junior, efquires; James Felton, Samuel Remnant, Samuel Fletcher, gentlemen; and the churchwardens of the faid parijh a/'Wool*-wich for the time being (who are thereby appointed trufiees for the rebuilding the faid parijh church) fignified to him the faid treafurer in writing under their bands, or under the hands of any five or more of them: and that the faid trufiees, or the furvivors of themy or any five or more of themy fhould lay outy managey and apply the find fum of three thousand poundsy or arty part thereof to and for the febjiilding the faid parijh churchy and in doing fitch other works in

and



*49

*739-1 Anm> duodecimo Georqii II. c. 9.

and about the fame, as they, or any five or more of them, fhould in their diferetions think proper and necejfary, and lay an account in writing under their hands, before the Jaid commijfioners, of the money fo difpofed of by them: and if any part of the faid three thoufani pounds Jhould remain undifpofed of, after the building and finishing the faid church, and doing other necejfary works about the fame, and the whole expenses thereof fully cleared and iifeharged, such fum and funs of money fo remaining undifpofed of, Jhould be applied in the Hum manner, and to the fame ufes, as the other monies ariftng from the faid duty on coals and culm was or were applicable towards building or endowing the faid fifty new churches, or other purpofes: and * it Was thereby further enafted, That the sum of twelve hundred and thirty pounds, in the joint flock of South Sea annuities, in the names' of the faid Sir Jacob Acworth, and Chriftrpher Appleby, and all dividends and produce refulting from and attending the fame, and also the fun of fifty pounds, nim Jhillings and eleven pence in money, which were respectively raised and coUefted by means offeveral charitable contributions and donations therein mentioned, fhould be paid and transferred to the trufiees appointed by the faid aft for the time being, or to such person or persons, as they or. any five or more of them fhould by writing under their hands dire ft or appoint5 to the intent the fame might be applied and difpofed of in fuco and the fame manner, as the find fum of three thousand pounds, thereby appointed t& he paid by the fatd cornmiJRoners for rebuilding the faid church, as iff and by the faid aft of parliament, relation being thereunto bad, may more fully appear: and whereas the Jim of three thousand pounds, granted by the faid aft, and the money raised and colleftedbyfuch charitable collections and donations as aforesaid, have been expended and applied in purfuance and for the purpojes of the faid aft of parliament; and a Jubfiantial church and fieeplt have been built at Woolwich aforesaid, and the faid church covered in\ but no farther progrefs hath been made towards the finifbing the faid church,

. and making the fame fit and convenient for the performing divine  service therein: and whereas the faid Daniel Wifeman, one of the trufiees in the faid a ft of parliament named, made his lafi will and , Ufiament in writing, bearing date the twenty fixth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, and thereby iirefted Ond defired, that in cafe at the time of his deceafe the parijb church lately built at Woolwich Jhould not be compleatty finifhed, and fit for divine service, then his wife Mary Wifeman* whom he made Jole executrix of his will, in conjunftion with kis trufiees therein named, Jhould pay or advance to the minifier, churchwardens, and principal inhabitants of the parljh ^Woolwich, such fum or fums of money, out of the refidue of his perfonal efiate, as Jhould, by able, good, and honefi workmen, be found wanting and necejfary, for fimjhing and\ compleating the works of the faid new church, and making the fame proper and convenient for divine service, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one thousand pounds fierling, to be paid and advanced on the following terms and conditions; that is to Jay, the faid one thousand pounds (iffinijhing the work flmld require fo much) to be paid to the faid parijbioners after the dcceafe of his wife Mary Wifeman,

and

Anno duodecimo Geougii II:	[*739*	1

and of for mother Elizabeth Crouch, and not before, unless tba refior or minifter, churchwardens, truerfeers of the poor, W otbtr the principal inhabitants of the fold parift of Woolwich, wemli fign, execute, and give their bond, obliging themfelves, /A/x> heirs, and fuctejfors, to pay to the faid Mary Wifeman and Elizabeth Crouch, the furvivor of them*, interest at five pounds per centum per annum, for every one hundred pounds that Jbould be fo advanced and paid, and fo in proportion for any greater or leger fum or fumss by half yearly payments\ the loft half year's interest in which the furvivor of them Jbould happen to die, to be paid to her executors, adminiftrators; or affigns, for or towards her interment : and whereas an eftimate has been made by able and Jkilful workmen of the charges and expences that will neceffarily attend the fmfang and compleating the faid new church, and making it Jit and convenient for the performing divine  service therein; and fuco charges and expenses are calculated and computed at, and do amount to, the Jim of tine hundred thirty eight pounds, feventeen fallings, and five pence : and whereas the pmfaoners of the parijb 0/Woolwich, who art very poor, and chiefty conftft of artificers and labourers employed in bit  Majesty’s dock and yards, are unable to raife the money that will bo required for fin\Jbing and compleating the find church, and fo long as toe fame remains unfinifhei, will he deftitute of a place of publish di-ttine worfap: and whereas the faid Mary Wifeman and Elizabeth Croych are willing that the faid fum of one tboufaud pounds fo men and bequeathed by the will of the faid Daniel Wifeman, Jbould bo immediately applied, purfuant and according to the pious intention ef the donor, fo as an annuity equivalent to the intertjl attending tit fame, may in compliance with, and performance of, the condition an* nexed to the faid donation, be ejfeftuauy fecured to them and the furvivor of them, according to the tenor and purport of the faid wiB: but although the inhabitants and parifaoners of the parijb of Woolwich are very defirous to contribute to anjwer and pay the faid annuity according to the tenor and purport of the faid will, in order to promote and ejfeft the pious defign aforementioned^ yet as they are not enabled by the laws now in being, to enforce and compel the raif-ing and paying such contribution for the purposes aforesaid, without the (lid and authority of parliament. See.

CAP. X.

 An act for repairing the roads from the north-weft parts of the county of Lincoln, through tfettlam fields; Wragby-lane, and Baumber-fields* to the Wolds, or north-call part of the (aid county.

Certain tolls are granted Jrorn 14 Jqne, 1719, fir years.

CAP. XI.

 An act for enlarging the term and powers wanted by an aft pa fled in die fixth year of the reign of bis present Majesty; for repairing the road from f yfield in the county of Berks, to Saint John's Bridge in the coun* ty of Gloucefter; and for repairing the roads from an Inn called The Hind's Head in the parift* of Kingston Bagpuze, in the faid county of Berks, to that part of Newbridge which ftands in the faid county of Berks.

The tolls of ( Gcq.i. c. 16* are farther continuedJor at years.

CAP.

Digitized

by 

*739*1	'Anfto du<)decift«) Oborgii II. c.12,13. '	251

CAP. XII.

Aa adk for repairing the roads from Bakewell to Chefterfidd in thecoun^ ty of Derby, and from Chefterfield to Workfopp in the county of Nottingham, and from Chefterfield to the place where the northern road meets the Chefterfield road j which leads to Mansfield, in the faid count ty of Nottingham.

Certain tolls are granted from t June, 1739, for %\ years.

CAP. XIII.

 An act for continuing the a£t made in the eighth year of the reign of her late Majesty tgue'en Anne, to regulate the price and ajfize of bread •, and for continuing, explaining,

. • and amending the alt made in the fecond year of the reign of bis present MajeJly, for the better regulation of at tor-nies and jolicitors.

\JL/ HERE AS the laws herein of ter mentioned (which hove P^mblo. YV by experience been found ufeful and beneficial) are near expiring5 may it therefore pleafe your mod excellent Majesty, that it may be enadked, and be it enadked by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an adk Further con-made in the eighth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne* intituled, An alt to regulate the ajfize of bread, which was c> l8> AniMP* to be in force for three years, and from thence to the end of the then next fedion of parliament, together with the ahera- and the alterations made relating thereto, by an adt made in the fird year of *,on* thereof the reign of his late majedy King George, intituled, An alt for	^.,5.

continuing several lows therein mentioned relating to coals, hemp, Continuidand and flax, Iritti and Scotch linen, and the ajfize of bread, and for amended by giving power to adjourn the quarter fejfions for the county of Angle- ** Geo.i.c.**. fea for the purposes therein mentioned; which faid adt and alterations had further continuance by several subsequent adts, are pear expiring, shall be and are hereby continued and in force from the expiration thereof to the twenty fourth day of June, which shall be in the yeafr of our Lord one thousand (even nun-dred and forty eight, and from thertce to the end of the then next feflions of parliament.

II.	And whereas several doubts and difficulties have arifen touching the powers of the magiflrates of burghs and corporate towns, and of the powers of thejuflices of the peace in such other towns and di-vifoons where no magiflrates are, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, touching the regulating the price and ajfize of bread; he it therefore declared and enadked by the authority aforefafd, extended to That the faid adk of the eighth year of the reign of her late ScoWa,Kk Majesty Queen Anne, together with the alterations made in an adk of the first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George, relating to the laid adk of the eighth year of the reign of her faid late Majesty, does extent)* apd mall be with all the powers, pro-

yiftpns*

 (^.ooQle

A& x Geo.i. €.13. further continued. Continued and amtndedbyxx v Geo.x. c.46.

The not indorsing the attorney^ name on warrants upon Writs, *’ not to vaUate the fame. Officers to in-dorfe the at-tomies names upon writs.

Attornies ,&c. may ufe abbreviations in their biUs.

A& x Geo.x. not to extend to aiiy bill of fee» between one iblicitor and another.

Anno duodecimo Georgii II. C. 1$. Xl?39»

vifions, claufes, and declarations, extended, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

. III. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore&klj That an a£t made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefcnt Majesty, intituled, Art aft for the better regulation of attomits and folicitorsy Which was to continue in force from the first day of June9 one thousand seven hundred and twenty nine, for the space of nine years, and from thence to the end of the then next sessions of parliament, and is near expiring, shall be and is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until tb* feid twenty fourth day of June9 one thousand seven hundred and forty eight, and from thence to the end of the then next sessions of parliament.

IV.	And be it further eaadted by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June fin the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, the not fubfcribing or indorfing the name of the attorney’s clerk in court, or folicitor, on any warrant that shall be maae out upon any writ, procefs, or execution, shall not vitiate the fame; but such writ, procefs, and execution, and all proceedings thereon, shall be as valid and effedhial, notwithstanding such omilfion, as if the faid recited a£t for regulating attornies and folicitors had not been made; provided the writ whereon such warrant is made out be regularly fubfcribed or indorfed according to the faid adt;' and every (heriff or fheriffs, or other officer, who shall make out any warrant upon any writ, procefs, or execu-tion, and shall not fubfcribe or indorfe the name of the attorr ney, clerk in court, or folicitor, who fued out the fame, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be affeffed as a fine upon such (heriff or (heriffs or other officer, by the court out of which fuch' writ; procefs, or execution shall iffue; one moiety thereof to be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the person or persons aggrieved by such o-miffion.

V.	And	be it further	enabled by	the authority	aforefaid.

That from	and after the	faid twenty	fourth day of Junty one

thoufand seven hundred and thirty nine, it shall and may be latvful to and for every attorney, clerk in court, and folicitor, to write his bill of fees, charges, and difburfements, with such abbreviations as are now commonly ufed in the Engli/b lan* euage i any thing in any former law to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI.	And	be it further	enadted by	the authority	aforefaid.

That from	and after the	faid twenty	fourth day of	Juney one

thoufand seven hundred and thirty nine, the faid adt of the fecond year of his present Majesty, for the better regulation of attornies and folicitors, or any claufe, matter, or thing therein contained, shall not extend to any bill of fees, charges, and di(burfements that are now, or shall hereafter become, duo from any attorney or folicitor to any other attorney or folicitor,

or

 CjOO^Ic

*739')	Anno duodecimo Georgii It. c. 13.	15$

or clerk in court; but that every such attorney, folicitor, or clerk in court, may ufe such remedies for the recovery of his fees, charges, and difeurfements against such other attorney or folicitor, as he might have done before the making of the faid adh

VII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any person Penalty on (hall, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one persons un-thou(and fevcii hundred and thirty nine, commence or defend Sualhje<* any action, or fue out any writ, procefs, or fummons, or car- couru.C°UI> * ry on any proceedings in the court commonly called The county court, holden in any county in that part of Great Britain called p*

England, who is not or shall not then be legally admitted an at- T tomey or folicitor, according to the faid aft made in *the fe-cond year of the reign of his present Majesty, that such person shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered with cofts by any other person who shall fue for . the fame, within twelve months next after such offence shall be committed, in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record.

VIII.	And be it enacted by the authority-aforefaid, That any Quakers to be person being one of the people called Shakers who may have inrolled upon ferved* or shall hereafter ferve, a clerklhip with an attorney or folicitor, and shall be qualified as by the faid aft before is re* quired, (hall, upon taking his folemn affirmation inftead of the oath’s thereby direfted to be taken, before such judges and o-thers who are hereby authorized and required to adminifter the faid affirmation, be admitted and inrolled as an attorney or folicitor, as if he had taken the faid oaths; any thing in the faid aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, M .

That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thou- & fand seven hundred and thirty nine, no attorney or folicitor who mence fuits”

(hall be a prisoner in any gaol or prison, or within the limits, if priioners* rules, or liberties of any gaol or prison, (hall, during his con- . , finement in any gaol or prison, or within the limits, rules, or	^

liberties of any gaol or prison, in his own name, or in the name ^	/ia!*

of any other attorney or folicitor, (ue out any writ or procefs, or	o*	-	7^	♦

commence or profecute any adtion or fuit in any courts of law	1	r	s

or equity; and that all proceedings in such aftions or fuits shall pcna|fr be void and of none effeft; and such attorney or folicitor fo com-mencing or profecuting any adtion or fuit as, aforesaid, shall be (truck off the roll, and incapacitated from adting as an attorney or folicitor for the future; and any attorney or folicitor permitting or impowering any such attorney or folicitor as aforesaid, to commence or profecute any adtion or fuit in his name, shall be (truck off the roll, and incapacitated from adting as an attorney or folicitor for the future.

X.	Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by p

the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this adt contained shall 1 °* extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent any attorney or folicitor fo confined as aforesaid, from carrying on or tranfadting fl-*s~** 4 a -any fait or fuits commenced before the confinement of such at-

‘ torney

/n.&

zrz

 

*5*	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii II. C. 14,15;	[ 1739*

torrtey or folicitor as aforesaid; any thing in this afl contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XIV.

 An act for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and trills made by papifb, and tor relief of proteftant purchafers, devifees, and leffees*

Deeds and wills of papifts madeiince 19 Sept. 1717* and not regiiired, valid if regiftred by 18 Nov* 1739. unless advantage of not inrolling there hath been taken on or before z Feb. 1738* Purchafes made by proteftants not to be avoided through negleft of inrolment. EXP.

CAP. XV.

An aQ to enable his Majesty to fettle an annuity of fifteen tboufand pounds on bis royal btgbnefs the duke of Cumberland, and the heirs of bis body, and also one other annuity of twenty four tboufand pounds on their royal bigbneffes the princefs Amalie, the princefs Caroline, the princefs Mary, and the princefs Lovifa.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

Preamble re- TTT^ERE AS by an act made in the firfi year of the reign of citing the afts V V her late tnajefly Queen Anne, intituled,  An act for the bet-1 Ann. ftat. 1. ter support of her Majeft/s houfhold, and of the honour and c’ 7*	dignity	of	the	crown;	all	grants	which Jhould be afterwards made

by her faid late majejly, her heirs or fuuejfors, of any manors, mef fuages, lands 1 tenements, rents, tithes, woods, or other hereditaments (advowfons excepted) other than such as are therein exprejfed, are declared to be void; and by another aft made in the ninth year of her 9 Ana. c. 10. faid late Majesty9s reign, intituled,  An act for establishing a general poft-office for all her  Majesty’s dominions, and for fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues thereof for the  service of the war, and other her  Majesty’s occafions; It was enafted. That such part of the duties and revenues arifing in and by the general letter-office or pojl-office, which was thereby vejled in her laid late Majesty, her heirs and fucceJTors, and therein mentioned to be undeterminable, Jhould not be alienable, chargeable, or gram able for any eft ate, term or time zvhatfoever, to endure longer than the life of the King or Queen that Jhould male such alienation, charge, or grant refpeftively; and that all gifts, grants, alienations, or offurances whatsoever, to be had or made of, or charged upon, the■ fame duties or revenues, or any part thereof, contrary to the provijion of that aft, Jhould be null and void: and whereas her faid late Majesty at the time of making the faid rt-fpeftive afts having no ijfue nor any profpeft of any, no power was thereby referved to make provifm for the younger children of the crown: and whereas your Majesty is blejfed with a numerous royal progeny, endowed with many excellent virtues and accomplijhments, and your Majesty hath been pleafed to exprefs your royal inclination, that a competent provifion Jhould be made for your younger children out of the hereditary revenues of the crown, to take ejfcft after the demife of , ycur Majesty (whom God long Jrefcrve) which gracious inclination of your Majesty your faithful commons think highly juft and reafonable\

*	where*

 C^ooQle

*739-3

Anno duodecimo Georgii II.

c. 15.	255

therefore your  Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s the His Majesty commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do moil impowere/to humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it fettle 15,0001* enabled by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the ^J^in*|0n advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and highne/Uhe commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the au- duke of Cumi thority of the fame. That it shall and may be lawful to and for berland, and the King’s most excellent majesty, by any letters patent or in- £eirs denture, or by several letters patents or indentures, under the iaG*oJ.c.%$' great feal of Great Britain hereafter to be made, to give and grant unto his royal highnefs William duke of Cumberland, and the heirs of his body, one annuity or yearly rent or fijm of fifteen thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain 1 which annuity or yearly rent or fum of fifteen thousand pounds, and every part thereof, shall commence and take effect from the day of the demife of his Majesty (whom God long preferve) and (ball be paid and payable at the four moft ufual feafts or days of jfeymfcnt in the year; that is to fay. The feaft of Saint Michael the'archangel, the feaft of the nativity of our Lord Chrift, the feaft* of the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary^ and the / feaft of Saint John the baptift, by even and equal portions; the fitft-payment thereof to be made at such of the faid feaft days as ifidl &rft and next happen after the demife of his Majesty, with ItKti powers for his royal highnefs the duke of Cumberland, and l& heirs male of his body, to make provifion out of the faid jKlutty or annual rent by way of jointure on any wife or wives Wor they shall marry, and for nis and their younger fons, and for IBs and their daughters, in, such manner as his faid Majesty shall in his royal wifdom in and by his faid letters patent, indenture, or indentures, think fit to give, limit, or appoint.

•*11. And it is hereby further enadled by the authority aforesaid, and 14,000!. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King’s moft ex- per annual, cellent majesty, by such letters patent or indenture, or by any on lhe four other letters patent, indenture or indentures, under the great feal of Great Britain hereafter to be made, to give and grant un- P to their royal highnefles the princefs Amalie, the princefs Caroline, the princefs Mary> and the princefs Lovifa, and furvivors and fiirvivor of them, or to such other person or persons as his Majesty shall think fit'to be named in such letters patent, indenture or indentures, and his or their heirs, during the lives of their faid royal highnefles, and the life of the furvivor of them, in truft for their faid royal highnefles, and the furvivors or furvivor of them, fubjed to such contingencies and determination as to the whole or part thereof, as are or is herein after mentioned and provided, one other annuity or yearly rent or fum of twenty four thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; which annuity or yearly rent or fum of twenty four thousand pounds shall commence and take effect from the day of the demife of his Majesty (whom God long preferve) and shall be paid and payable at the laid four moft ufual feafts or days of payment in year, by even and equal portions; the first payment thereof

t*



2$G	Anno	duodecimo Georgii JL c* i$.	\i7&b

_	to be made at such of the faid feaft.days which shall next hap-,

char^able^n* Pen ^^ter ^emife of his faid Majesty; and that the faid an-the revenues nuity or yearly rent or fum of fifteen thousand pounds shall and of the poft-of- may by such letters patent, indenture or indentures, be dire6led ficc>	to be, and shall be ifluing and payable out of, and charged and

chargeable upon all and every the revenues and monies ariiing and to arise by virtue and in purfuance of the faid aft of the ninth year of her laid late  Majesty’s reign, intituled.  An act for efta-blifhing a general pf-office for all her Majesty s dominions, ana for fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues thereof for the ferviee of the war, and other her Majesty's occafions\ br by virtue or in pur-fuance of any provifo, clauie, matter or thing therein contained* or of any other aft or afts of parliament thereby referred to; the weekly fum of seven hundred pounds mentioned in the faid aft of the ninth year of her faid late  Majesty’s reign, during such time as the faid weekly fum is to continue, and any other monies by that aft appointed to be referved for the ufe of the publicly the latter on a*ways exceP*ed and foreprized: and that the faid annuity or the hereditary Y^ty rent or fum °f twenty four thousand pounds shall and may excite. 7 by such letters patent, indenture or indentures, be direfted to ' be, and shall be iflfuing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the hereditary rates and duties of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, which were granted to the crown by an aft- of parliament of the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled,^/* aft for taking away toe court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite* an£ by knight j, and purveyance; and for fettling a revenue on his Majesty in lieu thereof \ or which shall arife, or are payable by virtue of any other aft or afts relating thereto Pfovifo	HI. Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained, or

to be contained in such letters patent, indenture or indentures as aforesaid, shall extend to hinder or obftruft the payments of the weekly fum of three thousand seven hundred pounds, or the yearly fum of fifteen thousand seven hundred fifty nine pounds, nineteen (hillings, and four pence, by former afts of parliament charged upon the faid rates and duties of cxcife, or fome of them, or the application thereof to the refpeftive ufes intended by such former afts concerning the fame ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Deficiency of IV. And it is hereby further enafted bv the authority afore-the poft-oftice faid, That if the faid revenue of the poft-oflice, applicable to revenue toan- the payment of the faid yearly fum of fifteen thousand pounds,

terlVpa Inent at en(* anY cluarter °f a >*ear be inefficient to anfwer of the 15,000!. lbe quarterly payment of the faid annuity or yearly rent or fum annuity, how of fifteen thousand pounds, and all arrears thereof which shall to be fupplied. be then due out of the fame, according to the true meaning of this aft; then and in every such cafe the comptroller of the faid office for the time being shall and he is hereby required without fee or charge, at the requeft of his faid royal highnefs the duke of 'Cumberland, or the heirs of his body, or of such other person as shall be intitled to receive any part thereof in

pur-

v *

*739-1 Ahno dhod&irtia GfiORGU II. C. 15.	257

purfuance of this a&, and of such fetters patent, indenture or indentures as aforesaid, or of any person by him or them refpec-tivdy authorized for that purpole, to make and deliver to his laid royal highnefs, or the heirs of his body, or such other person as shall be intitled as aforesaid, or to his or their order, a certificate in writing of the fum which shall be wanting to compleat the payment of such arrears $ and on producing thereof the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, shall caufe1 every such deficiency to be paid and fatisfied out of any overplus mo-~nies of the faid rates and duties of excife, or out of fome other monies arifing or to arise by any hereditary branches of the revenue belonging to his Majesty his heirs and fucceflors, being -appointed for the ufes of the civil government, with preference to all other payments hereafter to be charged upon such overplus monies, or other branches by any subsequent grant or grants to be made, or any alt or alts of parliament hereafter to be p^^enov ^ palled: add if the faid rates and duties of excife applicable to the annuity of the payment of the feid yearly rent or fum of twenty four thou- 14,000b land pounds shall at the end of any quarter of a year be infuf-ficidnt to anfwer the quarterly payment of the faid laftmention-ed annuity, or any arrears thereof then due out of the fame, acceding to the true intent and meaning of this alt; then and in •every such cafe thocomptroller of the excife for the time being shall and he is hereby required without fee or charge at the requeft of their faid. royal nighneffes the princefs Amalie, the princefs CareUm* the princefs Mary^ and the princefs Levifa, or the ’furvivors or furvivor of them, or of such of them as shall be intitled to the faid annuity, or any part thereof, or of any other person or persons authorized by them refpeltively for that pur-pofe, to make and deliver to them refpeltively a certificate in writing of the fum which shall be then wanting to compleat the payment of filch arrears; and on the producing thereof, the commiffioners. of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, shall caufe every <fitch deficiency to be fatisfied and paid out of any overplus mp--nics of the faid poftroffice revenues, or out of fome other monies arifirtg or to arise by such hereditary branches of the revenue appointed for the ules of the civil government as aforesaid, with preference to all other payments hereafter to be charged upon such overplus monies or other branches by any subsequent grant or grants to be made, or any alt or alts of parliament hereafter to be patted 5 any thing in this act, or any other law or (latute whatsoever to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

V.	And be, it further enalted by the authority aforesaid. The faid an-That the faid annuities or yearly rents or fums of fifteen thousand nuiries how to pounds, and twenty four thousand pounds, as aforesaid, shall be Paid» be paid and payable by and from the immediate hands of all and every the commiffioners, farmers, treafurers or receivers for the time being of the faid revenues refpeltively, upon which Vol. XVII.	S	the



258	Anno	duodecimo GeorgiiII. c.15.	[1739*

the faid several and refpediVc annuities or yearly (tuns of fifteen thousand pounds, and twenty four thousand pounds, or any part or parts thereof shall be charged, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame or any t	part thereof; and the acquittance or'acquittances, receipt or re-

ceipts of his faid royal highnefs the duke of Cumberlaudy and the heirs of his body, and of such other person or perfans as lhall be intitled to receive any part of the laid annuity of fifteen thousand pounds as aforelaid, and of their faid royal highneflea the princefles, or the furvivors or furvivor of them, or of such of them as shall be intitled to the laid annuity of twenty four thousand pounds, or any part thereof, or of any person or persons authorized by them refpe&ively for that purpole, shall be a good and fufficient difeharge for the payment thereof without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had or obtained in to be tax-free, that behalf; and that the faid yearly Aims or annuities, and every part thereof, shall be free and clear from all taxes, impofitions On non-pay. and other publick charges whatsoever; and that if the officers ment, how to of the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer, or the faid commit-be recovered. fjoners? farmers, treafurers or receivers for the time being of any of the faid duties or revenues, upon which the laid several and refpe&ive annuities or yearly Aims of fifteen thousand pounds* and twenty four thousand pounds, or any part or parts thereof shall be charged as aforesaid, shall refufeor negled to pay the faid several and refpe&ive annuities or yearly fums or any part thereof according to the true intent of this ad, and of ltsch letters patent or letters patents, indenture or indentures, to be granted by his Majesty as aforesaid; then his Add royal highnefs the duke of Cumberlandf, and the heirs of his body, and such other person or persons as shall be fo intitled to reedve any part of the faid annuity of fifteen thousand pounds asafort-faid, and the faid princeiTes, or the furvivors or farvWor of them, or such of them as shall be intitled to receive the find annuities refpe&ively, or either of them, or any part thereof, or such their truftees refpedively, may from time to time fue, pfo-fecute, and implead such officers, commiffioners, farmers, treafurers or receivers, or any of them, or all or any of their fecu-rities, their heirs, executors and adminiftrators, by bill, plaint or a&ionof debt, and shall and may recover judgments, and fue out executions thereupon, against inch officers, commiffioners, farmers, treafurers or receivers refpe&ively, and their refpe&ive fecurities, their heirs, executors or adminiftrators, for fo much of such fum or fums of money then due and owing upon the /aid several and refpe&ive rents or annuities of fifteen thouhoi pounds, and twenty four thousand pounds, or any part thereof, as shall have been in the hands of such officers, commiffioners, farmers, treafurers or receivers refpedtively, at the time and timo when such demand shall be made of the payment of the faid several and refpeftive annuities or yearly fums, or any part thereof as aforesaid.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid.

That

 LnOOQie

t?39*1 Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 15.	259

That all and every the powers, precepts, directions and claufes Vajidi. ofhif to be contained in his  Majesty’s letters patent or letters patents,  Majesty’s let-indenture or -indentures, hereafter to be made as aforesaid, for ters patent for the better and more certain payment and afliirance of the faid the payment yearly rents, annuities or fums of fifteen thousand pounds, and twenty four thousand pounds, and for making the faid rcfpeCli ve revenues liable thereunto, fhaH be and are hereby enacted to be good and effodudl an the law, according to the tenor and purport thereof in the faid letters patent or letters patents, indenture or indentures to be expre&d, notwithstanding any reftridtion or other matter or thing contained in the faid adfc of parliament made in the first year of her faid late  Majesty’s reign, intituled*

An qB for the better Jupport of her Majefifi bouJbotdy and of the honour and dignity of the crown 5 and notwithstanding any reftric-tion or other matter or thing contained in the faid adt of the ninth year of her faid late  Majesty’s reign, for eftaWifhing the polt-office, or any other a£t or adts of parliament, and any mif-redta], non-recital, omiflion, or other defedt, in the faid letters patent or letters patents, indenture or indentures hereafter to be made, iii any wife notwithstanding; faving to all and every person and persons, bodies politick or corporate, their Mrs; executors, adminiftmors and affigns (other than the Jung’s majesty, his heirs and fucoefibrs, and other than such person and persons who do or may ftand feized or poflefled in truft for his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs) all such right* tide* ihtereft and demand whatsoever, which they or any of them hfcffe or may have of, in, to or out of the revenues aforesaid, or jriy part thereof, before the making of this adt, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if this adt had not been made, this adt or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VH. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the autho- f. . rity aforesaid* That the faid annuity or yearly fum of fifteen ; *01'. not thousand pounds, shall not at any time or times hereafter be a- to be aliened, fiened, conveyed, difpofed, charged, or incumbred by faid See. otherwise royal highnefs, or by any of the heirs of his body, for any great-thaft *or er or longer estate or time than during the natural life of the person fb dierring, conveying, difpofing, charging, or incombring the fame, or fo as to prevent the fame from diefeewdfog to the heirs in tail according to the faid limitation, other than, and according to, and in purfuance of such power, for making join- or as con lores, and for the benefit of youngerfons and of daughters of his Ment with the faid royal highnefs the duke, or of any of the heirs of his body* powers grant, as shall be limited and given in and oy such letters patent, in- fd by the faid denture or indentures, as aforefaxL	ctters Patcnt*

• * VIII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enacted by the authority Difpofal of the Aforefaid, That upon thd death of any of their faid royal high- 24,000!. in nefles the princefies, or upon the marriage of any one of them, ja,e the and the payment of a portion of or in confideration of fuch	,’£**’*

marriage, not Jdfs than forty thousand pounds fterling, the right, princdTr*. title, lhare, and interest of such princels fo dying, or being mar-

S. a	ried.

260	Anno	duodecimo Georgii II. C. 16*17.	T,739*

‘	ried,	in	and to the faid yearly rent or annuity of twenty four

thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, shall ceafe and determine; and the faid whole annuity shall from thenceforth accrue and remain to the three other princefles; and upon the. death or marriage of any other of the faid princefles, and the payment of a portion not lefs than forty thousand pounds fterling on or in confideration of such marriage, the right, (hare, and interest of such other princefs fo dying, or being married, in or to the faid annuity of twenty four thousand pounds, shall ceafe and determine; and two third parts of the faid annuity of twenty four thousand pounds, amounting to (ixteen thousand pounds per an-num> and no more, shall accrue and belong to the other two princefles then unmarried; and upon the death or marriage of either of the faid two laft mentioned princefles, and payment of a portion not lefs than forty thousand pounds fterling on or in confideration of such marriage, the right, (hare, and interdft of such princefs, of, in, and to the faid annuity of (ixteen thousand pounds, shall ceafe and determine, and the other of the faid princefles then living shall be intitled to twelve thousand pounds per annum, part of the fcid rent, or annuity of fixteen thousand pounds, and no more, to ceafe and be determined on her death or marriage, and the payment of a portion not lefs than forty thousand pounds fterling on or in confideration of such marriage,

CAP. XVI.

a Geo. ». c. 6. An a& for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft patted in the first year of the reign of bis prefen t Majeity, intituled, An act for repair-

ing the road from the Powder mdls on Hounjkrw Heath in the county of Mid-dlefex, to a place called BafingflOne% near the town of Bagfhot, in the parish of Wmdlejbam, in the county of Surrey.

T£r tolls are farther continued for 11 years.

CAP. XVII.

 An act to enable the parijhioners of the parish of Saint Catharine Coleman in Fenchurch-ftreet in the city of London, to rebuild the church of the faid parish.

tee 15 Geo. 2. \\f H E R E A S the parish church of Saint Catharine Cole-

f. is.	V	V man in Fenchurcli_-ftreet in the city of London is a very

ancient fabrich, and being built at ftrji with chalk and rubble, is now fo decayed in the walls and pillars and several other parts thereof \ that the whole building, and also the Jleeple belonging to the faid churchy are in a ruinous condition: now to the intent the faid church may be rebuilt for the publick w or (hip of God, and the inftruc-tion of the inhabitants of the faid pari(h in the true chriftian religion as now profefled in the church of England; and that the faid fteeple may‘alfo be rebuilt, and that the feme may be effedt-£d in a manner that may be leaft burthenfome to the inhabitants of the faid pari(h; the.redtar, churchwardens, and other inhabitants of the faid parish, do molt humbly befeech your moft .excellent Majesty, that it may beena&ed; and be it enacted, &c.

k	Truftecs

 v^ooole

1739*] Anno duodecimo GeorgiiII. c. 18,19.	261

Truftees ijnpowerod to pull down and rebuild the church. Funeral rates.

Rates for tolling the bells, as fpecified by an indenture, and rates for the ufe of palls, to be applied to the purposes of the aft. The rates to be veiled in tne truftees. Collectors exempted from the office of fcavenger. Annuities for life on contributions, at 81. per cent, per annum, to be charged on the rates. Quarterly afleirments to be made; and to be paid two thirds by the land(erd, and one by the tenant. The rates net to intitle persons to fettlements. Parifliioners impowered to alter the burial fees. Right? of the biihop of London, and the reftor, not to be prejudiced.

CAP. XVIII.

 An act for repairing the road or highway from the Dun Cow in the town of Dunchuich, through the pariih of Bilton over Dunfmore Heath to the town of Hill Morton in the county of Warwick* and from thence through the fevera! pariihes of Creek, Weft Haddon, and Eaft Haddon, in the county of Northampton, to Saint James's end in the pariih of Dufton, in the faid county of Northampton.

Certain tolls are granted from 24. June, 1739, for 21 years. 16 Geo. 2. jc. 20,

CAP. XIX.

 An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of Jive hundred tjboufand pounds out of the Jtnkingfund, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raife the further fum of five hundred thousand pounds out of the growing produce of the faid fund •, and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feftion of parliamentand for giving time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the inden-. tures and contra fts of clerks and apprentices.

MOST gracious Sovereign: we your  Majesty’s mod duti-preamble, fql and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in 'parliament aflembled, being defirous to raife the supply granted to your Majesty in this fefiion of parliament by ways the lead burthenfome to your  Majesty’s fubjc&s, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, out of the furplunes, excefles, and overplus motiies, commonly called The finking fund, towards the supply granted to your Majesty for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine; and also to enable your Majesty to iflfue and apply the further fum of five hundred thousand pounds, out of the growing produce of the faid finking fund, or to raife the fame by loans or exchequer bills, at an interest not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum, to be charged upon and fecured by the faid fund, for the  service of the laid year one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, in cafe the exigency of affairs fhould require the fame, in such manner and form as is herein after mentioned; and to that end and purpose do molt humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enafted, and be it ena&ed by the King’s molt excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and comr mons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That by or out of such monies as HQW are, or Treafury to

S3	fhali iflu* out 0f



2&2	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii	IL	c.	19*	[1739*

^.he finking shall from time to time quarterly be, in the receipt of the ex^ und,500,0001. chequer, of the faid furpluffes, excefles, or overplus monies, commonly called The /inking fundy at any time before the fealt day of the nativity of Saint John the Baptijly which shall be iq the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine (after paying or referving fufficient to pay all such fum and fums of money as have been direfted by any former a<£l or ads of parliament to be paid out of the* fame) there shall and may be iffued, paid, and applied, a fum not exceeding the faid fum of five hundred thousand pounds, for or towaids the fuppfy

Kted to his Majesty for the  service of the faid year one thou-feven hundred and thirty nine; and the commiflioners of his  Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the trpafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered tq iflue and apply the fame accordingly.

II.	And fpr pr towards railing the (aid further fum or fums of money, not exceeding irf the whole the (aid fum of five hundred thousand pounds, it is hereby further enabled by the and the grow- authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be la\Vful tP and for ing produce of the commiflioners of his Majeft/s treamry, or any three or the faid tund, more Qf them[ n0w being, or the high treafurer, or any three or ing theVur* *n°rc the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, ther fum of and they are hereby authorized and itnpowered from time to

500,0001,	for time, at or after the faid feaft day of the nativity of Saint John the  service of tfce Baptifly to iflue and apply tne growing produce of the faid the year 1739- furp]u|pes> excefles, and overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund (except such monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former or other ad or ads of parliament in that behalf) towards railing the find further fum of five hundred thousand pounds, for or toward*; the supply granted to his Majesty for the  service of the faid year or the faid one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine as aforesaid 3 but in fum may be cafe the faid commiflioners of his  Majesty’s treafury, or any raised by three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being,

che'uerVdls think it'more advifeable to raife the faid fum of five hun-c iequer 1 . tj10Ufan(j pounds, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills as aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful tt> and for any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick and corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer, any fum or fums of money not exceeding the faid fum of five hundred thousand pounds, upoq the credit of the faid furpluffes, excefles, and overplus monies, commonly called The fmking fund \ and to have and receive for the forbearance of the money lent, interest after a rate not exceeding three pounds per centum per annumy fo as such loans be allowed to be made by the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, of the high treafurer, of any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to iflue their warrants for that purpose as fait as such loans shall be wanted for the

pub-

 L,ooQle

m739*1 Anno duodecimo GboRGH II. jc. 19.	263

publick service; and moreover that no money fo to be lent upon the fecurity of this aA shall be rated of afleflcd to any tax or afleflment whatfocver.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That all and every person Lender to and persons who (hair lend any money upon the credit of this ha*e ^ie* aA as aforesaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exche* an or er*‘ ^uer, shall immediately have a tally of loan (truck for the fame, and an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the fame date with his, her, or their tally, in or upon which order shall be also contained a warrant for payment of interest for the forbearance thereof, not exceeding Ae (aid rate of three pounds fir centum per annum, and to be paid every three months, until the repayment of the principal; and all luch orders for repayment of money fo to be lent shall be regiftred in courfe according to the dates refpeAively; and that all and every person and Order* and persons shall be paid in courfe, according as their orders shall payments to (bud regiftred in the faid regifter books, fo as the person or °c m courff# persons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, ad-miniftraters, or affigns, who fliall have his, her, or their order nr orders first entred in the faid books of regifter, shall be taken and accounted to be the first person or persons to be paid out of the monies to come in of the faid furplufles, excefles, and overplus monies, and he, (he, or they, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders next entred, shall be taken apd accounted to be the (econd person to be paid, and fo fuccemvely and in courfe5 and that the monies to come in of or for the faid furplufles, excefles, and overplus monies, commonly called The finking fund, as aforesaid, shall be in the fame order liable to the fotisfaAion of the faid refpeAive persons, and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, adminiftrators, successors* or affigns refpeAively, without undue preference of one before Nd undue another, and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or di- preference, rertible to any other ufe, intent, or purpose whatsoever, other than such ufes and purposes as are appointed by any other aA or aAs of parliament in that behalf as aforefaia ; and that no officers to fee, reward, or gratuity direAly or indireAly shall be demanded take no fees, or taken of any of his Majesty*s fubjeAs for providing or making of any such books or regifters, or any entries, views, or . . fearches in or for payment of money lent, or the interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of bis  Majesty’s officer or officers, their clerks, or deputies, on pain of paymenr of treble damages to Penalties, the party grieved by the party offending, with full cofts of fuit; or if the officer himfelf take or demand any such fee or reward, then to lofe his place also *, and if any undue preference of one before another shall be made either in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this aA, by any fach officer or officers, then the party offending shall be liable by aAion of debt, or op the cafe to pay the value of the debt with full cofts of fuit to the party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his office or place 5 and if such preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his ma*

S	4	fter,



264	Anno	duodecimo Georgii II. c. i<J. [1739,

fter, then such deputy or clerk only shall be liable to'fuch action T debt, damages, and cofts, and shall be for ever after incapable of his office or place; and in cafe the auditor of the receipt shall not direct the faid order of loan, or the clerk of tl>e pejls record, or the tellers make payment upon such order, according to cadi perfon9s due place and order as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpeftive deputies.-and clerks therein offending, to be liable to such a&ion, debt, da-recoverable mages, and cofts, in luch manner as aforesaid; *11 which find by adion of penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cofts, jq bejncurred by any debt.	the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks,

fhall and may be recovered bv action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Wifi-minfler \ wherein no eflbin,.prote<ftiop, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of reftrainf shall be in any )vifp grapted or allowed.	t

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if it shall happen that several tallies of loan or orders for payment as aforesaid, bear dale, or be brought the fame day to the auditor of the receipt to be regiftred, then it fhaU be interpreted no undue preference which of thofe he entred firft, fp as he enters them all the fame day.

What shall be V. Provided alfo. That it shall not be interpreted any undue

iTndue^re^ n° Preference>t0 *ncur any penalty, in point of payment, if the au-&ZT dhor	and	the	clerks	of	the	pells record, and the tellers

do pay subsequent orders, to persons that copne and demand their monies, and bring their orders, before other persons that did not come to take their monies, and bring thejr orders ip courfe; fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy precedent orders, which shall not be otherwise difpofed of, but kept for them, interest upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

Orders af-	VI- And be it further enaefted. That all and every person and

fignable.	persons to whom any money shall be due for loans to be regiT

ftred by virtue of this aeft, after order entred in the book of rp-gifter as aforesaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, by proper words of aflignment to be indorfed and writ-* ten upon his order, may affign or transfer his right, title, metered and benefit of such order, or any part thereof, to any other; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforesaid, anc} an entry or memorial thereof also made in the book of regiftry aforesaid for orders (which the officers shall upon requeft without fee or charge accordingly make) shall in-tirle such affignee, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afligns, to the benefit thereof and payment thereon, and such affignee may in like manner affign again, and fp r toties quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made fuph aflignment, to make void, releafe, or difeharge the fame, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

YII. And to the end there may be no waqt qr failure of a cefr

fain

 kjOOQie

*739/3 Aflnadubdecnno GEORG'iiIL'criyA	sftfy

tain fum, not to exceed in the whole the faid fiam oP ftv^hun-~ dred thousand pounds, to be raifedveither by finch ^Ipafts^sf' aforesaid, or by iffiring exchequer ballk as,is herein after men-. - -tr v \ tipned, or by both or either ofrthofe ways or means,-fot the publick service; be it*further enaded by theauthority rforfefaid,

That in cafe the commiffioners of his Majcfty^ treafury, Or itoy ’Treafury may three or more of them now being, or-the high treafurer, or^arty raife the faid three or more of, the commiffioners of the treafury fox the tirte fumby ifTuing being, shall judge it more advifeable to raife the faid fiim of five new 5?’ hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof, by exchequer f 1 u bills indead of such loans as aforesaid; that then they refpe&ive-ly are hereby authorized and impowered at any time or times to prepare and make, or caufe to be prepared and made* at: the exchequer any number of new exchequer bilk for any fom or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of five hundred thousand pounds, together .with such loans as a-* foreiaid, in the lame or like manner, form, or order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by a certain ad of parliament for continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the farvice of the year one thou-fand feyen hundred and thirty nine, are enaded and prefcribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the fame ad.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Chafes of the That all and every the daufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, malt aft 1739, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities contained in relating

the faid lad-mentioned ad relating to the loans or exchequer	to	*

hills authorized to be made by the fame ad (exceptfuch claufes thofe of this as do charge the fame on the duties or impofitions granted or ad. continued by the lame ad) shall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made m purfuance of this ad, as fully and feffedually to.all intents and purposes as if the fame exche-4 qper bills had been originally authorized by the faid laft-men-tioned ad, or as if the faid several claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated or re-enaded in the body of this present syfb	■

IX.	And be it enaded by the authority aforesaid, That all The faidbiljs the exchequer bills as shall be made in jHiriuance of this ad, charged on and the intereft, premium, rate, andcharges incident to, or at- *hc unking tending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and charge- un ‘

able upon and shall be repaid and born by or out of the growing produce of the faid furplufles, excelled, and overplus monies commonly called The finking fund (except such monies of the* laid (inking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or yfes by any former or other ad or ads of parliament in that behalf) and such monies of the faid finking fund shall and may be iflued and applied, as fad as the fame can be regularly dated and afeertained, for or towards paying off, cancelling, and dif-charging such exchequer bills, intered, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, spid discharged, or money fufikient for that purpose be kept and

re-

/



Anno daodecimo GsoRdn II. c. 19.	[1739.'

referred iA (he exchequer, to be payable on demand to the re-fpe&ve proprietors thereof.

X.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority afore-pftnefupylie*. laid, That all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loan* or exchequer bills, upon one ad of this feflion of parliament, intituled,	Ana& forantittumg the (baits upon malt,

cyder, and furry, m that part- of Great Britain called England, and far granting H bis Majejiy certain duties upon malt, mam, cyder, and forty,.in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the of the year onethoufand from hundred and thirty nine, and fo much money (If any (uch be) of the duties thereby granted and continued, aa Hull a rife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made, or to be made on the fame ad, and ail die intereft, premium, or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the laid duties, lhall be latisfied, or money fuffirient lhall be referred in the exchequer to difcharge die fame 1 and all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by leans or exchequer bills, upon one other ad of. this session of parliament, intituled. An aQ for granting an aid to hk Majeflj hy aland tax, to bo raiftd in Great Britaih, for the  service of the year one thousand ftven hundred and thirty y and fo much rtoney (if any fueh be) of the tax thereby granted, as lhall arise or remain, after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame ad, and aH the intereft, premium, or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the laid land tax, lhall be fatisfted, or money (ufficient lhall be referred m the exchequer to difcharge the fame j and also the sum of one hundred nineteen thousand four hundred fifty one . pounds, feventeen (hillings,, and nine pence, granted for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, and not appropriated for the  service of that year 5 and the lum of one million by this ad granted as aforesaid, shall be further appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several ufes, intents, and purposes herein after ex-prefled, fubjeft nevertheless to such reftri&ions as are herein af-<4.6,689)1 is. ter prescribed; that is to fay, it is hereby ena&ed and declared,

6	d. for naval That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforesaid, there (ball and may be ilTued and applied any fum or fume of money, not exceeding eight hundred forty fix thousand fix hundred eighty nine pounds, two (hillings, and fix pence, for or towards the naval Cervices herein after more particularly exprefled; that is to fay, for or towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of his Majcfty’s navy, and for half-pay to fea officers,'and for or towards, victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, add for and towards fea services in the office of ordnance, performed and t£ be performed.

XL And it is also hereby enacted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies, as aforesaid, there shall and may be iflued and-applied any fum or Coins of money, not exceeding ten thousand pounds^ upon account, for or towards the support of the royal .	hof-

fcrvicct.

lo,oeo1. to Greenwich hotpitxl.

 LnOOQle

*739*1 Anno dubdecimo Gf.oRGII II. C. rg.

hofpital at	Greenwich, and for the better maintenance of the fefe*

men of the (aid hospital worn out and become decrepit in the  service of their country.

XII.	And it ic hereby also enacted. That out of all or any no,^iL i7$, the aids or fiipplies as aforefeid, there Audi and may be iflqed and 9d. for and applied any fum or Aims of money not exceeding one bun-

dred and ten thousand five hundred, ninety one pounds, fevtn- or“nw*' teen (hillings, and nine pence, for or towards defraying the charge of the offiee of ordnance for land services performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence ef the office of ordnance for land services, not provided for by parliament,

XIII.	And it is hereby likewise enacted. That out of all o* 950,911!. 4s, any the aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and 9d* *,al|iw-may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money not ex-

ceeding nine hundred and fifty thousand nine hundred and eleven ro	’ '*

pounds, four (hillings, and nine pence halfpenny, for or toward* maintaining his  Majesty’s land forces, and other services herein after more particularly exprefled; that is to fay, any fum or foms ' of money not exceeding fix hundred forty (even thousand five &47,WJ*11 *• hundred forty nine pounds, eleven (hillings, and three pence	j

halfpenny, for defraying the charge of feventeen thousand (even hundred and four men, including commiffion and non-com-miffion officers, and invalids, for guards, ganrifons, and fix independent companies for the  service of the highlands, and other his Majesty's land forces in Great Britain, Guenj/iy, and Jerfey, for the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding two hundred twenty “**£?.*-)'*8 ** eight thousand sixty two pounds, ten (hillings, and seven pencefoS»* halfpenny, for maintaining his  Majesty’s forces and garrifbns in the plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garrifbns at Annapolis Royal, Canfi, Placentia, and	,

and Georgia, far the year one thoufend seven hundred and thirty nine; and any (urn or fums of money not exceeding twenty seven thousand one hundred feventy two pounds, fifteen fhil- *7,17* its. lings, and five pence, upon account for the out-pen Aon ers of CM/oa hofpital, for the year one thousand seven hundred and	*““**

thirty nine; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding five £,°i’]* * *• jd« thousand forty one pounds, eight (hillings, and three pence half-	j._

penny, for defraying fevend extraordinary expences and services	tacci.

incurred in the'year one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, and not provided for by parliament; and any Aim or fums of money not exceeding thirty nine thousand one hundred l22f* twenty four pounds, nineteen millings, and two pence, upon * ' r , account of half-pay to the reduced officers of bis  Majesty’s land ” * forces and marines, for the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, fubjelt nevertnelefs to such rules to be obferved in the application of the (aid half-pay, as are herein after, pre-fcribcd concerning the feme; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding three thousand nine hundred and sixty pounds, 3,960 (. to refer paying of pcnfioos to widows of (uch reduped officers of his °®CCJ»-

Mg.nxiows.



z6l

■t{-

1.5S* !•>.**• for deficiency of the ftamp duties.

30,0001. to replace to the finking fund.

io,ooo Y. towards fnaui-taining the African forts,

40001. to the repairing Weft minder Abbey. ,

aoool. to St. Margaret’s church. .

• ■ -	t	■	'

ao>ooo 1. to

Anno duodecimo GeoRgii II. c. 19.	[1739.

Majesty’s land forces and marines, as died upon the eftablifh-ment of halkpay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred! and Sixteen, for the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine ; which faid fum of three thousand nine hund*» redandfixty pounds, shall be iffued to such person or persons, as his Majesty :(hall, by warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual dired or appoint to receive the fame, to be by him or them paid over to such widows of half-pay officers, or their affigns, according to such eftablilhments, lifts, or other directions,, and. with and. fttbjed to such conditipns, qualifications, deductions, or other allowances for the fame, as his Majesty, by such and the like warrant or warrants, shall be gracioufly pleafed to direCt or appoint.

XIV. And it is also hereby enaded. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding three thousand five hundred and fifty two pounds, eighteen (hillings, to replace to the finking fund the like fum paid out of the feme, to make good the deficiency of the additional ftamp duties at Chfifimasy one thousand seven hundred and thirty feven, pur-fuant to a clailfie in an ad of parliament pafied in the fourth year of his  Majesty’s reign, for railing one million two hundred thousand poUnds by annuities and a lottery for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred arid thirty one; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty thousand pounds, to replace t6 the faid finking fund the like fum paid out of the feme to the governor and company of the bank of England for one year’s interest due on or before the eighth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, being after the rate of four pounds per centum on the principal fum of five hundred thousand pounds by them leht on the credit of the fait duties towards the supply of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty five, purfuant to a claufe in an aCt of parliament pafted in the eighth year of his  Majesty’s reign, for grantingjand continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of four years; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding ten. thousand pounds, towards the maintenance of the British forts and fettlements- belonging to the royal African company of England^ on the coaft of Africa 5 and any fum or fums of money not exceeding four thousand pounds, towards repairing and finifhing the collegiate church of Saint Peter, Wejlminfter, and to enable the dean and chapter of the faid collegiate church, to purchafe two prebendal houfes, in lieu of two to be taken do,wn for facilitating the repairs, and the finishing of the faid church ; and any fiun or films of money not exceeding two thousand pounds, foe the further repairing and finifhing the tower and roof of the parish church of Saint Margaret, Wejlminfter \ and there shall and may be iffued to the truftees for establishing the colony of Georgia in America, any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty thousand pounds, by. them.to,be applied for the further . .	*	fettling



1739O Anna duodecimo GEoRGlf II.c.19. *

fettling and improving the faid coforiyvand any. fum oshfumS of the colony of money, not exceeding feventy thousand five hundred.eighty three Georgia, pounds, fix (billings, and eight pence, on account of. the levy-money and fubfidy payable to the King of Denmark^ purfuatit tef 70,5831. 6 s. the treaty bearing da& the }£* day of March, one thousand fevetrs d- fubfidy hundred and thirty 5 for the year one thousand fevenihundrtd'^^^S0^ and thirty nine ; and any fum or furas of money not exceeding enmar • five hundred thousand pounds, towards enabling his Majefly to	fot

make such further augmentation of his forces either by fea or*^^m’en°a-land, as may become abfolutelv neceflary, and as the exigency oftion of forces, affairs may require 5 and the ium of sixty thousand pounds, being the fum acknowledged to be due .from Great Britain to Spaing . f and agreed by the King of Spain in the convention between Greaf^f^^r Britain and Spain, bearing date at the Pardo the fourteenth day depredations, of January, one thousand (even hundred and. thirty nine new-ftile, to be applied, together with the further fum ot ninety five-thoufand pounds, to be advanced by the crown of Spain, towards making fatisfadion to his  Majesty’s injured fubjeds, for the damages they have fuftained by the depredations of the Spaniards5 and any ium or fums of money not exceeding five thousand 1* fatis-pounds for making fatisfadion to Solomon Merrit of London mer-chant, for himfelf and others late owners of the (hip* Santa Ija- ^tt. holla, a Spanijb man of war taken byJusiate MajestyVftcet near Sicily, in the year onethoufand feveri hundred and eighteen, and ! fold to them; which (hip was afterwards delivered up to the Spaniards, purfuantto a treaty between the two crowns.

XV.	And be it eoaded, That the faid aids or fappUespro- Theaidsnot vtded a$ aforesaid shall not be ifiued and applied to any uft, in-

tent, or purpose whatsoever, other than the ufes and purposes p 1 before mentioned, or for the several deficiencies or other payments direded to be fatisfied thereout by any particular daftfe ot claufes for that purpose contained in any other ad pr ads of this present session of parliament.

XVI.	And as to flic faid fum of thirty nine thousand one Rules for the hundred twenty four pounds, nineteen (hillings, and two pence, aPP)»cat,ou of by this ad appropriated on account of half-pay, as aforesaid; it hai f is .hereby enaded and declared by the authority aforesaid. That the rules herein after preferibea shall be duly obferved in the application thereof; that is to fay. That no person shall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor, and under the age of fixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop, or company, in which he ferved, was reduced; and that no person lhall have or receive any part of the fame, except such persons who did adual  service in fome regiment, troop, or company; that no person having any other place or employment otprofat, civil or military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any part of the faid ha}f-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any of the faid half-pay ; that no person shall have or receive any part of the fame, who hath re-figoed his compiUfion, and lias had no commiffion fince; .that no

part

-pay.



tjo	Anno duodackno GeorcJii II. c. 19.	/ (1739.

part of the feme shall be%Howed tto any person by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to such persons, who would have been otherwifc intitfcd to the feme as reduced officers; and that no part of the fimeihall be allowed to any of the officers of the fire regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately diibandcd in Ireland* except to such as were lately taken off the cftablithment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XVII.	And whereas by aft of parliament made in the eleventh year of bis Majeftfs reign* intituled* An a# for granting to his Majesty the sum of two millions for the  service of the year one thousand fcven hundred and thirty eight; and for paying to the governor and company of the bank of England, one million for redeeming an annuity of forty thousand pounds payable to them, and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this ifoffion of parliament; several fupplies which had been granted to bit Majesty* as is therm mentioned* were appropriated to several ufes ana purposes therein expreffed* dmongft which* arty fum or fums of money not exceedingforty one thousand nine hundred fifty nine pounds* fifteen /billings and ten pence* was appropriated to be paid to the re-dated officers of. bis Majesty1 s land forces and marines* Mjeft never* thelefs to such rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-fay* as sn and by the aforefini aft were prefer iked in that behalf \ now it is hereby provided, enafted, and declared by the autho~ onW rity afore&id, That fo much of the laid fum of forty one thou~ half-pay, how find nine hundred fifty nine pounds, fifteen (hillings, and ten to be applied, pence, as is or shall be more than fufficient to fitisfy the faid re«-dueed officers according to the rules by the jaid aft preforibed to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of such overplus, (hail or may be difpofed of to such officers who are maimed or loft their limbs in the late wars, or such others as by reason of their long  service or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper ohjefts of charity, or to the widows or children of such officers, according to such warrant or warrants under his Ma~ jefty’s royal fign manual, as shall be figned in that behalf > any thing in this aft or the faid former aft to die contrary notwkh-ftanding.

XVuL And, for the relief of any perfbn or persons who vour ofper" through negleft or inadvertency have omitted to pay the several fens whohave rates and duties, or any part thereof, upon monies given, paid, inadvertently contracted or agreed tor* with or in relation to any cl eric, ap-0mittE? 5° • Prftrxt*ce or fewant, which hath been put or placed to or with on^fn^acT any m9^cr or miftrefs, to learn any profefQon, trade or employ* prentice^ &c. raent, and to have such indentures, or other writings which shall contain the covenants, articles, contrafts or agreements relating to the  service of such clerk, apprentice or fervant, damped within the times by the several afts of parliament for tbofe purposes respectively limited, or who have also in like manner omitted to infert and' write in words at length in such indentures or other writings as aforefeid the full fum or fums qf money or any part thereof received, or in any wifedireftly or indircftly given, paid, agreed or contracted for, with, or in (elation to every such clerk.

6





1739*] Anno dnodedttoGjsofcen 1L c.*e£ ar.	971

apprentice or iervant as aforefoid; beat ended by the authority adordaid; Thatnpon payment of the rates and duties upon monies or such part of such monies fo neglected or omitted to be paidasa-forefaid, on or before the first d ay of Jugufi, one thoufend seven hun« dred and thirty nine, to such person or persons to whom the fame ought to be paid, and tendring the faid indentures or other wrie^ ings to be ftamped at the feme time, or at any time on or before the twenty ninth day of September, one thouiand seven hundred and thirty nine (of which timely notice is to be given in the London Gazette) the feme indentures or other writings shall be good and available in law or equity, and may be given in evidence in any court whatsoever; and the clerk, apprentice or fervant therein named shall be capable of following and exercifing their refpedtive intended trades or employments, as fully as if the feid rates and duties To omitted had been duly paid, and the full funa or Turns received or agreed for as afbrefeid had been infested j and the perfbns who have incurred any penalties by the) omifr fions aforefeid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from the feid penalties; any thing in this or the feid former ads to die contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

 An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by two aAS of pariia* ment, one made in the fixth year of the reign of her late.msjefty Queen Anne, and the other in the seventh year of the reign of bis late ma> jetty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the highways between the top of Kingfdown-hill, and the city of Bath ; and for a. mending fereral other lughways leading to the laid city $ and ifar clean* fing, paving, and enlightning the greets, and regulating the chair* men there; and for keeping a regular nightly watch within the faid saty and liberties thereof.

Tit	torn first mentionedails art further tmaimeifir as jwsrr. See. '

CAP. XXI.

An all for taking off the duties upon woollen and bay yam imported from Ireland to England, and for the more fcBuftl	preventing the exportation of wool from Great Britain, and of	wool, and wool manufactured,	Irelaa4

to foreign parts.

Moft graciods Sovereign,

WHEREAS in the	boob of rates annexed to the all of tonnage

and poundage,made in the twelfth year of the reign of King ‘PtmmUo, Charles the Second a particular rate of

and eight pence,for every hundred weighty containing one hundred and twelve pounds, was fixed upon woollen or bay yarn imported; accord* ing to which rate a fubfidy of twelve pence in the pound was thereby payable to his Majtfiy :and whereas according to the faid rate after* therfubfidy of poundagt of twelve pence in the pound on	or

bay yam was granted to your Majffiy for your hfo (	God. long



tjz

Duties on woollen or bay yarn from Ireland taken off.

Treafury to make an account of the faid duties for thelalt7years>

the medium whereof to be charred annually on the aggregate fund.

Jfrmo ddckbriiao Geor&iI II. e. zi? [f jsp.

preface): byan act made in the firjl year of your reign: and whereas . by an aftmndeinthefetotidyear of her late mqjejly Sheen Anne, *-notber.fitffidywas granted on the importation of woollen or bay yam in proportion to'the faid rate, tommonly called, The 6ne third fub^ iidy; dndiby an aft paffed in* tbt'tbird year of her faid late Adajefiy, another*fitbfidy was granted* on the importation of woollen or bay yam* •eommdnly caUedy The two thirds fubfidy; all which aftSy which granted the faid several fubfidies. commonly called? The old fubfidy. One third iubfidy* and. Two thirds fubfidy (except the aft for the fdid further, fubfidy; which, is granted to your Majesty during your life) are by faoeral fubfequtnt afts of parliament continued for every fubjeft to redemption by parliament: and whereas* the taking off the duties upon woollen or bay yarn imported from Ireland, may be a means to [prevent the exporting wooll.and woollen manufaftures from Irelaftdt/ft foreign parts. Mm may be of ufe to the,manufaftures of Great Britain! :f,wt your  Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fub-jefts' fchb cotneidns of Great Britain in parliament aflembled do flood humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be ena<fted,-and he it cmnSed'by the King’s^ most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from ind after the first day of Mayy in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty, the faid feveral* fubfidies payable to your Majesty, your heirs and fuc-ceffors, by ahy law now in force, upon woollen or bay yam imported from Ireland after, that time shall ceafe and determine, and be no longer payabk.

II.	And to the end that his facred Majesty, nor any of the pubfick creditors, Or otlier person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, who are intitled to any part, (hare or interest in the monies arifingJby the faid duties on bay yam and. woollen yarn imported into this kingdom from the kingdom of Irclandy as a-forefaid, may fuffer by the ceafing and determining thereof; be it further eoft&ed by-tfte authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawfu^ to and for the commiflioners ot Jiis Majesty *$ treafury now being, or the high treafurer or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, and they are hereby enjoined and . required, on or before the twenty fifth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, fo caufe an account to be made up and ftated of the monies which shall have arifen by the faid duties on bay yarn and woollen yam for seven years laft paft.

III.	Andrt is hereby further enaded, That the medium of the monies which have arifen by the faid duties within the faid seven years, shall be a certain annua! fum to be charged on the fund called the 'Aggregate Fund; and being fo charged, shall from time to time be iflued, paid, diftributed and applied to make good to his Majesty, during his natural life (which God long preferve) Snd to theTtveral publick creditors, or other person or persons, bodies pohtiek or corporate, having interest or fecurity in the taonies arifing by the faid duties on bay yarn and woollen yarn,

the



■^39*] Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 2i.'	'	273

the like pahs, fhares or proportions out of the faid annual fum, as the monies arifing by the faid duties on bay yam and woollen yarii would have been appropriated and applied, in cafe the faid duties had beeri Contitiued, and not been determined by this ad.

IV.	Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this ad contain- p ^ ed shall extend, or be conftrued to extend to take off, or caufi*

to ceafe and determine the duties upon worfted yarn, being of two or more threads twifted or thrown, or cruel, imported Into Great Britain from the kingdom of Ireland.

V.	And whereas notwithjlanding the several laws made to prevent tie exportation of wooll unmanufactured from this kingdom and Ireland to foreign partly such exportation is notorioujfy continued: Now for the better preventing such exportation of wooll from thence, and fecuring the fame to be manufactured within this kingdom;

be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That all wooll, p -and woollen and bay yam, wooll-rells, (hortlings, mortlings, ^totfenof wooll-flocks, worfted yam, cloth, ferge, bays, kerfeys, fays, ££oii i„ irc* frifes, druggets, cloth-ferges, (balloons, ftufls, and other dra- land, penes and woollen manufadures or mixed with wooll or wooll-flocks, which shall from time to time be exported from the faid kingdom of Irelandy from and after the first day of Majy in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty, into the ports of this kingdom, hereafter mentioned, (hail be (hipped off, and entered at the ports of Dublin Water-fordy YougbaUy Kinfalty Corky Drogheday New Rofsy Newrjy Wexfordy WickloWy Sligoty Limericky Galway^ and Dundalk, in the faid kingdom of Irelandy and at or from no other port or place within the faid kingdom $ nor shall the fame be imported into any parts of the kingdom of Great Britain other than the . ports of Biddefordy Jdarnjlapky Minehealy Bridgewater, Brijloly JPJJj Milfcrd-baveny Qhejler and Liverpool in the fame manner as if the faid ports of Newryy Wexfordy IVickloWy Sligoey Limericky »6 Geo. a. Gahvfjy and Dundalk, had been particularly named for exporta- c- **• tion of the faid goods, in the aCt pafled in the tenth and eleventh year of the reign of the late King William the Third, intituled,IO Wl11* 3* An a£t to prevent the exportation of wool out of the kingdom of Ire- c* ,9‘ land and England, and for other purposes therein mentioned; any thing in this or any other aCt to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding,

VI.	And the better to prevent the exportation of wooll or

woollen yarn, and the other fpecies of wooll or woollen manu-	\

failures before mentioned, from Ireland into foreign parts ; be it further pnaCled by the authority aforelaid. That from and af- . ter the twenty fifth day of December in the year of our Lord one belfualified^ thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, no wooll, or any of WOolL the faid goods, shall be loaden or laid on board any (hip, veflel,	.	.	i

or boat in Irelandy or imported or brought from thence into this kingdom, but in such (hips, veflels, or boats, as (ha/1 be of the built of Great Britain or Irelandy and which shall be -wholly owned and manned by the fubje&a of this kingdom, or Vox. XVII.	X	Ireland,

Anno duodecimo Georgii II. C. 21. *	[*739*

Ireland, and duty regiftered in such manner and form as herein after mentioned ; under the penalty of the forfeiture of the faid goods, or the value thereof, as also of the (hip, veflel or boat* in which the fame shall be laden or put on board, together with w ..	all her guns, ammunition, tackle, apparel and furniture,

exported in VII. And be it* further enadhed by the authority aforesaid, ▼eflels only of That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of Deumber, onq the built of thoufand.feven hundred and thirty nine* no (hip or veflel what-n Great Britain f0ever shall be deemed or pads as a (hip of the built of Great Bri-Ireland. ta-n QT jre\m^	as to be qualified to load or take on board in

any of the ports of Ireland, herein appointed for that purpofe,* any wool, woollen or bay yarn, or other the fpecies before mentioned, in order to import or bring the fame into the ports of Great Britain in this adl mentioned and appointed for that purpofe, until the person or persons claiming property in such (hip or veflel, shall regifter the fame as followeth (that is to (sty) proof shall be made upon the oath, or affirmation in cafe the person be a Quaker, of one or more of the owners of such (hip or veflel, before the colle&or and comptroller of his  Majesty’s cuflouis in such port of Great Britain or Ireland refpe&ively, to which such (hip or veflel shall belong ; which oath or affirmation the faid officers of the cufioms refpe&ively are hereby authorized to adminifler in the tenor followingj that is to fay*

I A. B. do make oath for, being a Quaker, do fokmnfy affirm) that the /hip oj whereof is at present maftet being	built of	tons,	was built at in the

year	and that	of and of areatpre*

font owners thereof; and that no foreigner, direflly or indirectly, hath any Jhare, part or interef therein.

9 a certificate of which oath or affirmation, attefted by the collector and comptroller of the customs who adminifter the (ame> under their hands and feals, (hall, after having been regiftered by them, be delivered to the matter of the (hip for the lecurity of her navigation j a duplicate of which regifter shall be immediately tranfmitted to the commiflioners of his  Majesty’s customs in the port of London, in order to be entered in the general regifter, to be there kept by them for this purpofe.

. ,	VIII. And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid,

nouo be alter- That no (hip’s name regiftered shall be afterwards changed, with-cd, without out regiftenng such (hip again, which is hereby required like-regiftring the wife to be done upon any transfer of property to another port* fame again.	and delivering up the former certificate to be cancelled, under the

fame penalties, and in the like method, as is herein before diretft-. ed: and that in cafe any alteration of property in the fame port,

ofpropwty^o ^	one	or more ^iares ,n any	a^ter regiftering

to indoried. thereof such fale* shall always be acknowledged by indorfement of the certificate of the regifter, before two witneflfes, in order to prove that the intire property in such (hip remains to fome of the fubje&s of Great Britain or Ireland, if any difpute arifes concerning the fame.

A



I739*] Anno duodecimo Geokgii IL c. 21.	275

IX.	And whereas great quantities of wooll have been clandejtinely exported under the denomination of coverlids, waddings, and other manufactures made of woolly whereas the fame was only woolljlightly wrought, or Jlitched together, and may be reduced to wooll again, by which practice the unfair traders have evaded the good laws made to

prevent the exportation of wooll} for preventing the like practices Penalty onex-for the future, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, P?rtilJg wooll That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of December, tlioufand seven hundred and thirty nine, no coverlids, waddings, 6 or other manufactures, or pretended manufactures, made of wooll flightly ditched, worked, or other wife put together, foas the fame may be reduced to, and madeufe of as wooll again, or matraffes, or beds duffed with combed wool, or wooll fit for combing, Qiall he exported from Great Britain or Ireland to parts heyond the Teas, under the like penalties and forfeitures which are by any law in being inflicted on persons concerned in the exportation of wooll.

X.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That inJT d** from and after the faid twenty fifth day of December, one thou- paC C land seven hundred and thirty nine, no wooll, wooll-fells, mort-

lings, (hortlings, wooll-flocks, worded, bay or woollen yam,

(hall be packed up in Great Britain or Ireland, in any box, barrel, calk, cafe, ched, or any other package, but in packs or trades of leather or canvas commonly called pack-cloth ; and all Xuch packs or trades of leather or canvas shall be damped or marked on the outfide thereof with the refpeCtive words Wool or yprn, in large letters, not lefs than three inches in length, under the penalty and forfeiture of all such wool, or other the goods aforesaid, with the package thereof, and three (hillings for every pound weight thereof, to be paid by the owner or packer of such wooll or yam.	No woolI to

XI* And for preventing any fraudulent tranfportation of wool, be exported wooll-fells, mortlings, (hortlings, combed wooll, woollen or but upon nobay yarn, worded yam, cruds, or wooll flightly manufactured*, t*cc 8lven.J2 under pretence of carrying the fame coad-wife m Great Britain one^ofdle* or Ireland, be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That cuftomi, See. no wooll, wooll-fells, mortlings, (hortlings, combed wooll, woollen or bay yarn, worded yam, cruel, or wooll Hightly manufactured as aforesaid, (hall* from and after the faid twenty fifth day of December, one thoufanB seven hundred and thirty nine, be put or laden on board any (hip, veffel, or boat, bound to parts ■beyond the feas, or shall be carried, or laden in order to be carried in any (hip, veffel, bottom, or boat coadwife, or from one port of Great Britain or Ireland to another, unless notice be fird given to the commiflioncrs or chief managers of the cuftoms, or to the cudomer or collector and comptroller of the port froth which the fame is intended to be fent or exported, of the quantity, quality, ahd package, together with the marks and numbers thereof, with the name of the (hip and xnader or comman-.der on which tne faid goods are to be laden, as likewise the, tumcor names of the owner or owners of the faid goods, and

T %	thp

ij6

Security for the landing it.

and a licence taken.

Bonds not to be difcbarged but upon pro ducing a certificate.

Forfeiture oh detault.

No other fe-curity hereby leflened, or law a?oidcd.

Anno duodecimo GfiofeGM 11. c. a I. f i 7 39

the place of his or their abode or habitation, and the place and port into which the fame are intended to be imported, and to whom configned ; and unless bond be first entered into to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, with one or more fufficient fecurities* in treble the value of the goods fo intended to be carried coaftwife* that the fame shall (the danger of the feas excepted) be landed accordingly ; due notice whereof shall be forthwith tranfmitted by the cuftomeror collector and comp- , troller of the port, from whence the fame shall be exported, to thecuftomer or collector and comptroller of the port into which ithe fame is intended to be imported, and entry made, in the manner required by this or any other adt; and unless a licence be also first taken under the hands of thecommiflioners or chief managers of the customs for the time being, or any three of them, or from the cuftomer or collector and comptroller where such bond is given for the landing and carrying thereof, as aforesaid 5 which licence they are hereby required to grant without any fee or reward, or any other charge to theperfon demanding the fame 5 any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding : and all such bonds fo entered into for the carrying such goods coaftwife in Great Britain or Ireland, shall not be discharged, but by producing a certificate under the hand and feal of the cuftomer or collector and comptroller of the port or place in Great Britain or Ireland where such goods were landed, fetting forth the quantity, quality, and package, together with the marks and numbers thereof, wifh the name of the (hip and matter out of which such goods were landed; and that all such bonds as shall remain undifchargCd by such certificate after fix months, shall be tranfmitted to the commifiioners of the customs in Great Britain^ or the commifiioners of the revenue in Ireland, who are hereby required to put them in fuit Immediately: and if any wooll, wooll-fells, mortlings, (hort-lings, combed wooll, woollen or bay yam, worfted yarn, cruels, or wooll flightly manufactured, shall be carried or laden on board any (hip, veflel, bottom, or boat, in order to be carried coaftwife, or from one port to another port, before such bond entered into, and such licence taken out as aforesaid, and before all the directions of this and every other act made to prevent the tranfportation of any of the goods aforesaid shall be fully and duly complied with, fo far as the feme relate to the exporter or proprietor of such goods; or, if any of the faid goods shall be laden on board any (hip, veflel, or boat, bound to parts be-

Jfond the feas ; then all such goods as shall be fo carried and aden, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited and loft, together with the (hip, veflel, bottom, or boat, on which such goods shall be fo laden or put on board, with all her guns, ammunition, tackle, apparel, and furniture.

XII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to alter or lefleri any other fecurity now required by law for goods carried coaftwife, or to repeal or make void any law now in force in Great Britain

or

v

V

 

1739.] Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 21.	277

or Ireland made to prevent the exportation of wooll, or any the goods or commodities aforesaid.

XIII.	And for the better preventing frauds that may be prac- Wo°l before tifed in the collufive landing any wooll or woollen yarn from Ire- ^ere tobe land, or in the (hipping or landing any of the faid goods carried ^ndcd. coaftwife, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* That

from and after the faid twenty fifth day of December, one thou-(and seven hundred and thirty nine, none of the faid goods imported into this kingdom from Ireland, nor any of the faid goods carried coaftwife within this kingdom or Ireland, shall be landed or (hipped, but in the prefence of the proper officers appointed to attend the fame, nor at any other placed places, than the lawful quays fet out in the manner prefcribed by the aft of frauds,,} & f4 q^ pafled in the fourteenth year of King Charles the "Second, fora. c. iu England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, and by the a61 paf-fed in the fixth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne,$ Ann. c, t6; for fettling a court of Exchequer in Scotland, for that part of the united kingdom, without fpecial fufferance and leave had from the commiffioners and officers of the cuftoms, or at such quays in Ireland, as are or shall be appointed according to the laws of that kingdom, on pain of forfeiting the faid goods, or the value thereof, and three (hillings for every pound weight of such goods, to be paid by the owner or proprietor thereof, or any person concerned in such unlawful (hipping or landing, to be profecuted and recovered as hereafter is directed j any law cuf* tom, or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV.	And in order to prevent any fraudulent practices by

officers or other persons in making collufive feizures, or by entering informations, and making private or fecret agreements, whereby may be evaded any of the forfeitures or penalties inflicted by law to prevent the tranfporting out of this kingdom any wooll, wooll-fells, wooll-flocks, mortlings, (hortlings, worded, bay or woollen yarn, fullers-earth, fulling-clay, tobacco-pipe-clay, or any otner fcouring clay or earth, or to prevent the illegal tranfporting out of Ireland any of the faid goods, None hut offi* or of cloth, ferge, bays, kerfeys, fays, frizes, druggets, cloth- fere to enter ferges, (halloons, or any other drapery duffs, or woollen manu-^f^^l^^# faftures whatsoever, made up or mixed with wooll or wooll-	*

flocks ; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it

(hall not be lawful for any person or persons whatsoever, other than the officers of fome or one of the revenues of curtoms or excife or felt-duties, to enter any information of feizure of any wooll, wooll-fells, or other fpecies of goods before enumerated, as forfeited by virtue of this or any other aft; nor shall it be lawful for any person or persons whatsoever, to enter, or caufe gr procure to be entered, filed, or profecuted, any information or informations against any person or personsfor the recovery ofto be profe-any penalty or forfeiture aforesaid, unless such information orcuted in the informations be filed and profecuted in the name of his Maje-attorJ}ey „ fly’s attorney general, or in the name or names of fome officer or officers of fome or one of the aforesaid revenues of cuftoms, 9

T 3	excife

This aft not to take away the power oF the Kings guard-fliips,

lO&nWill, 3. c. 10.

2 78	Anno	duodecimo	GeoRGII	II. C. t fi [1739*

excife, or falt-duties in Great Britain or Ireland ; and if any information of feizure of any of the goods before mentionea shall be made or profecuted by any person or persons whatsoever, other than in the name or the attorney general, or in the name of fome officer of his  Majesty’s revenue as aforesaid ; the fame and all the proceedings thereupon had, are hereby declared to be null and void ; as is also ev^ry other information or informations, with all the proceedings thereon, which shall be filed or entered for any of the penalties aforesaid, in the name or names of any other person or persons than as herein before-mentioned j any law, or cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this aft contained, shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to take away the power given to the commanders and officers of his Majesty*s (hips of war, or the armed (loops appointed or to be appointed by the lords commiffioners of the admiralty, or the lord high admiral for the time being, to guard against the tranfportation of wooll out of the kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, purfii-ant to an act made in the tenth .and eleventh year of King William the Third, intituled. An all to prevent the exportation of wooll out of the kingdoms of Ireland and England, and for the encouragement of the woollen manufactures of the kingdom of England ; and another aft paffed in the fifth year of his present Majesty*s reign, intituled, An additional aft for encouragement of the woollen manufactures of this kingdom, by the more effectual preventing the unlawful exportation of the woollen manufactures of the kingdom of Ireland to foreign parts, or by any other aft.

' XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any officer of the revenue (nail direftly or indireftly make any collufive feizureor information of any of the (aid goods, or any fraudulent or collufive agreement whatsoever, whereby the owner or claimer thereof, their agents or fervants, may avoid the forfeitures and penalties, or any part thereof, incurred by this or any other aft made to prevent the tranfportation of wooll, or any of the other fpecies of goods before mentioned; he (hall, for such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and also be rendered incapable of ferving his Majesty in any office or-employment in the revenue; and also the exporters, importers, and owners of the goods fo collufively feized, or with whom such collufive agreement shall be made, shall forfeit treble the value thereof; and all luch penalties and forfeitures shall be to the ufe of him or them who shall inform or fue for the fame, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminfer, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Dublin ; wherein no effoin »proteftion, or wager of law, or any more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XVII. Provided Neverthelefs, That any person whatsoever fenders to dif- concerned in any such collufive or fraudulent feizure or agree-cover their ac- nient, who shall first difeover such his offence to the comraiffion-complices. ers of the customs in England or Scofland for the time being, or

the

5 Geo. i. c. si.

Penalties for collufive fei-zures, 011 officer,

and owner.

toyo to the informer.

Encouragement to of-



*739’] Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c.21.	279

the comm iflioners of the revenue in Ireland for the time being refpedlively, shall be clearly acquitted and discharged thereof, provided he makes such difcovery within the space of three months after the offence shall have been committed, and fo as any one or more of his accomplices therein be convidted thereof ; and if such person first making such difcovery as aforesaid, within the time aforesaid, be not an officer of the revenue, or owner of the goods, he (hall, as a further encouragement for making such difcovery, have and receive to his own ufe and benefit the whole money which on the convidtion or convidtion* of such offender or offenders shall be recovered from him, her or them, and be levied on his, her, or their estate or effedts, the charges of profecution being first thereout dedudted.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That all adtions, fuits, Intonations and informations, to be had and commenced upon this, or any ^eretobe* other adts for preventing the exportation of wool], wooll-fells, entered and wooll-flocks, mortlings, (hortlings, worfted, bay or woollen profccutcd* yarn, cruels, or wooll (lightly manufadtured, or matrafies, or

beds fluffed with combed wooll, or wooll fit for combing, ful-iers-earth,iiillitig-clay, tobacco-pipe-clay, or any other fcowr* ing earth or clay from Great Britain or Ireland 5 or for preventing the exportation from Ireland into foreign parts, of cloth, ferges, bays, kerfeys, frizes, druggets, (halloons, (luffs, cloth-ferges, or any other drapery made of or mixed with wooll ma-nmadtured in Ireland, may be entered and profecuted (except where it is in this adt otherwise diredted) in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at  Westminster, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland, or at the quarter sessions of the	peace, or before	any

two juftices of the peace for any county,	city, or place in	this

kingdom, in a fummary way, at the eledlion of the feizer or informer, or by any law relating to the revenue of Ireland, in that kingdom ; wherein no effoin, protedlion, or wager of law shall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance; and if the property thereof be claimed by any person or persons, in such cafe the onus probandi shall lie upon the owner or claimer there-	^

of, and not on the officer or feizer; any	thing in this or	any the owner)1

other adt contained to the contrary notwithstanding.	9

XIX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all the forfeitures and penalties before in this adt mentioned and appointed, except where the fame is otherwise directed by this act, shall be to the ufe of such person or persons as shall feize, inform, or fue for the fame, in the manner herein before directed.

XX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That on the condemnation of any wooll, or any other of the fpecies of goods before enumerated, the faid refpedtive commifli-oners shall and may caufe all such goods to be publickly fold to the belt bidder, at such places as the faid pommifftoners shall think proper; any law, cuftotn, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding, and out of the produce of such lale, they (ball caufe to be paid all charges of copdcanoation and fale,

T 4	and

 v^oosle

information, the informer to have half.

ble to pay tta 35. penalty.

280	Anno duodecimo Gegrgii II. C.21J	[*739^

and the remainder to fuchperfon or persons who shall feize, inform, or fue for the fame as aforesaid.

Officermaking XXI. Provided always, and be it declared and enaCled by th^ authority aforesaid. In cafe any officer of the cuftoms, excife, or falt-duty, shall receive any information from any other per-fon or persons, whereby any feizure of the faid goods shall be made, or any profecution shall be commenced and carried on effeCt; such person or persons shall have and receive to his own benefit one half of what shall be recovered, levied, and received by any such officer, as a reward for his information or difeo-very; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Provifion XXII. And be it further enaded and declared by the autho-where the of- rity aforesaid. That if any person or persons, offender or ofc-ftnder is una- fenders, (hall, by conviction, judgment, or otherwise, become *nav the liable to the payment of the penalty of three (hillings per pound weight, inflicted by this or any former a<5t made to prevent the exportation of wool, for such wool, or other the fpecies before-mentioned, and shall not be of fufficient ability to pay the fame, by which means the informer or profecutor will lofe the benefit of such his information and profecution; then and in such cafe it shall and may be lawful for the refpeCtive commifiioners to paufe one (hilling pound weight for all such of the faid goods^ for which such offender or offenders shall be convicted, to be paid by the receiver general of the revenue under the management of the refpeCtiv.e commifiioners, out of any publick money in his hands; and the money paid by any receiver general; calhier, or other officer as aforesaid, shall be accepted of and allowed in his accounts, as fo much money paid to his Maje-fty; and every such officer is and shall be hereby discharged thereof accordingly; any law,,cu(tom, or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, if the matter of any (hip or veffel employed in the clandeftine exporting to parts beyond the feas, from Great Britain or Ireland, any wool, wool-fells, wool-flocks, mortlings, (hortlings, worded.

Encouragement to matters or mari-hers of fhips, employed in clandettineex porting of

wool, to make pay or woollen yarn, cruels or wool (lightly manufactured, or thereof1^ mattraffes, or beds ftuft with combed wool, or wool fit for combing, or any fullers-earth, fulling-clay, tobacco-pipe-clay, or any other fcouring earth or clay, or in the clandeftine importing from Ireland any woollen eloth, ferges, bays, kerfeys, fayes, frizes,druggets,cloth-ferges,(halloons,or any other drapery (luffs; or woollen manufacture, made and manufactured in Ireland; or if the mate or any of the mariners of such (hip or veffel shall give an account in ux months after such (hipping or exporting any of the goods before-mentioned, to the commiflioners of the customs in England or Scotland, or to the commifiioners of the revenues in Ireland refpeCtively, of the name of the (hip or veffel, and the fpecies and quantities of such goods fo clandeftinely exported or (hipt for -	  -	- ;	*	export

Digitized

ed by 

*739:3 Apho duodecimo Georgii IF. c.2 r•	%$I

exportation to parts beyond the feas, together with the name of the owner or owners, exporter or exporters of such goods, of fhe name of the perfoq or persons who aft in his or their aid and afliftance, fo as he or they may be profeouted and convicted for such his or their offence or offences committed against this pr any other aft ipade to prevent the illegal exportation of wool,	^

or any the fpecie$ or goods before-mentioned; such matter* fnate, or manner, shall not only be indemnified for fo doing, but shall be clearly acquitted and discharged from any the pains, penalties, and forfeitures he or they are by law fubjeft to for such his or their offence or offences; and shall also have and receive three fourth parts of the penalties or forfeitures, clear of charges, that (hallhe recovered and received by means of such their difeovery; which the refpeftive commiflipners aforesaid are to caufe to be paid and diftributed in such manner and proportion as they shall think proper, and the other fourth pare tq his Majesty, his heirs and successors, after deducing the charge* of profecution and condemnation $ any law, cuftom, or ufage fo the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV.	And to prevent any difpute relating to the authority Perfons qualj-pf any person or persons afting as an officer or as officers of the fied toputtlus cuftoms, excif?, or falt-duties in Great Britain or Ireland, for the ^ncxectt" putting iri execution this aft, or any other aft or afts of parliament relating to thqfe revenue*, or made against the tranlporta-

tion of wool; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid^

That every perfon, who by deputation, commiffion, or other inftrument, under the hands and feals of the commiffioners of the cuftoms, excife, or fait, in Great Britain or Ireland refpeft-ively, shall be appointed to aft as an officer or fervant under them, for putting this or any of the faid afts in execution, shall he efteemed an officer of the cuftoms, excifc, or fait refpeftively, to all intents and purposes in the law whatsoever.

XXV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 300b penalty That if any person or persons whatsoever shall offer or promife to

give any |)ribe, recompence, or reward whatsoever, to any officer ^ an 0 6r officers of the cuftoms, excife, or fait in Great Britain or 7r/-land, to connive at or permit the tranfportation or the concealment of any wool, wool-flocks, wool-fells, mortiings, (hort-lings, yarn made of wool, cruels, or wool (lightly manufaftured, or mattraffes, or beds fluffed with combed wool, or wool fit for combing, fullers-earth, fullers-clay, and tobacco-pipe-clay, or any other fcouringearth or clay; or to the removing thereof, contrary to this or any other aft made against the tranfportation thereof; or to do, conceal, or connive at any other aft, whereby any of the provifions made by this or any other law as aforesaid may be evaded or broken; every such person and persons shall for every such offence (whether the fame offer, propofal, or promife be accepted, or performed or not) forfeit the sum of three hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied to the ufe of him or them who shall inform or fue for the fame by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majjefty’s courts of record

at

to



Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 2r.'	[1739.

at Weflminjlcr, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, or in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Dublin; wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or any more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

Pnfonsoppof- XXVI. And for the more effectual putting this aCt in execu-ing officers in tion, be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That if deemed f^* any °®cer or °®cers ot cuftoms, excife, or fait, or any other Ioju?6 c" person or persons that shall ad in aid or affiftance of any officer or officers of the cuftoms, excife, or fait, in putting this ad in

*	execution, shall be hindered, oppofed, obftruCted, molefted, wounded, or beaten, in feizing any wool, wool-fells, wool-flocks, mortlings, (hortlings, woollen or bay yam, or any other fpecies of goods before enumerated, by any perfoifor persons whatfo-cver, either in the day or night, by land or water; the person or perfotis that shall fo hinder, oppofe, obftrud, moleft, wound, or beat any such officer or officers, or any person or persons who shall ad in his or their aid or affiftance in the making such feizures as aforesaid; or any other person or persons whatsoever, being armed with offenfive arms or weapons, or wearing any vizard, ma(k, or other difguife, who shall refeue, or attempt to refeue any wool, or other the goods aforesaid, which (lull be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, excife, or fait; every such person or persons that shall be convided of any of the laid offences, (hall, by order of the court before whom such offender or offenders shall be convided, be tranfported to fome of his MajestyS colonies and plantations in America,for such term as such court shall think fit, not exceeding seven years, in the fame

Geo i#Ci,i manner as by an ad made in the fourth year of the reign of his late *	*1#	’majeftyKingGeorgetheFirft, of glorious memory intituled, Anali

for the further preventing robbery, burglary, and other felonies, and for the more effectual tranfportation of felons, and unlawful exporters of wool; and for declaring the law upon fome points relating to pi-4Geo.i.c.23. rates, and by one other ad made in the fixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An all for the preventing robbery and other felonies, and for the more ejfeflual tranfportation of felons{ the offenders therein mentioned are to be tranfported to the faid colonies and plantations; and if any such offender or offenders shall return into Great Britain or Ireland, before the expiration of the time for which such person shall be tranfported, contrary

*	to the intent and meaning hefeof, he or they fo returning shall fuffer as felons, and have execution awarded against them as persons attainted of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XXVII.	And whereas by an all pajfed in the fourth year of his late Majesty King George the Firjl, intituled, An act for the further 4Geo. i. c, ii. preventing robbery, burglary, and other felonies, and for the more effedual tranfportation of felons, and unlawful exporters of wool, and for declaring the law upon fome points relating to pirates, it is enaHed, That if atiy person or persons shall be in prison for want of fufficient bail, for unlawful exportation of wool or wool-/ fells, and shall refufe to appear or plead to a declaration or information to be delivered to such person or persons, or to the gaoler, keeper% *	or



I739‘] Anno duodecimo Geo^gii II. c.iti	&83

*r turnkey of the prison, at the jaid prison, for the faid offence, by the Jpace of one term,judgment /ball be entred againjl him by default \ and in cafe judgment Jhall be obtained againjl any such person or per-fins by default, verdict, or otherwifi, and such person or persons Jball not pay the fum recovered againjl him or them for the faid offence within the [pace of three months after entering up of such judgment, the court oefore whom such judgment Jball be obtained, Jball by order of court caufe such offender or offenders to be tranfported in the fame manner as felons aforesaid, for the term of/'even years; and if such offender or offenders Jhall return into Great Britain or Ireland before the expiratton of the faid seven years, he or they Jball fuffer as felons, and have execution awarded againjl them as persons attainted of felony, without benefit of clergy: and whereas the jaid aft extended only to the person or persons who actually exported the wool or wool-fells, but not to their aiders or abetters; be it therefore enafted by ^ gco< k. the authority aforesaid, That the faid aft, and every thing there- c. 11. to ex- * in contained, fofar as the fame concerns the exporters of wool tend to the or wool-fells, shall extend or be conftrued to extend to all and abettorsof every person and persons who aft as aiders or abetters to fuch	cr*

exporters of wool or wool-fells, as fully, to all intents and pur-pofcs, as if the lame was repeated and re-eoafted in the body of this aft.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That Bonds not

all bonds taken or to be taken purfuant to this aft, shall not be chargeable chargeable with any the duties upon (tampt vellum, parchment,	-

or paper; any law or (latute made or to be made to the con- P* u 1 ♦ trary notwithstanding.

XXIX.	And whereas it is found by experience that great quantities of wool, wool fells, wool-flocks, mortlings, Jbor flings, cruels, wor-fied, woollen and bay yarn, mattrajfes, and beds fluffed with combed wool, or wool fit for combing, are frequently exported from Great Britain or Ireland in foreign parts, and of woollen manufactures from Ireland into foreign parts, to the great prejudice of the woollen manufacture of this kingdom; which practice hath of late been much increafid and promoted by evil difpofed persons, who, notwithstanding the laws already made, do undertake as mfurers or otherwifi, that.

fuch goods Jhall be delivered in parts beyond the feas: for preventing 50el. penalty fo great a mifehief for the future, be it further enacted by the on inmring or authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth clay of procuring December, one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, all and	fo*

every person or persons whatsoever, who by way of infurance reign parts, or otherwise shall undertake or agree, that any of the goods or merchandizes before-mentioned shall be carried or conveyed to any parts beyond the feas from any port or place whatsoever within this kingdom or Ireland, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft; or in purfuance of such infurance, undertaking, or agreement, shall deliver or caufe or procure to be de-\ livered any of the faid goods in any parts beyond the feas, such person or persons, and all every their aiders, abettors, and af- 1 fiftants, shall for every such offence forfeit and lofe the sum of five hundred pounds, to the ufe of the informer or profecutor,

over \

S8+

Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 21.	[1739.'

The like penalty on the infured.

Encouragement to per-fons infuring

over and above all other forfeitures and penalties to which they are liable by any zA now in force.

XXX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all and every person or persons whatsoever, who shall pay or agree to pay any fum or fums*of money for the infuring, conveying, or exporting out of this kingdom or Ireland, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, any of the goods or merchandizes aforesaid; shall for every such offence forfeit and lofe the sum of five hundred pounds to the ufe of the informer, or such person or persons as shall fue for the fame.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That in cafe ^he infurer, conveyer, or manager, of or in such fraud, or the person or persons agreeing to infure, convey, or

and infured,to manage therein, do or shall within the space of fix months after make difeq- facti Iran faction or agreement first give notice thereof .to the commiffioners of the customs in England or Scotland for the time feeing, or to the commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland for the time being, fo as the person or persons concerned with him, her, or them in such offence be convidted thereof; he, (he, or they fo first difeovering, shall not only be clearly acquitted and difeharg-ed of such offence, and from the penalties to which he, (he, or they is or are liable by reason thereof, but shall also have to his, her, and their own ufe, the whole forfeiture hereby impofed upon the party or parties making such infuranceor agreement, after the charges of profecution are deducted ; and shall likewise retain and enjoy to his, her, or their own ufe the infurance-money or reward given or paid to him, her, or them, by the person or persons concerned with him, her, or them therein; and in cafe the party or parties infured shall within the like space of fix months first make difeovery thereof to the commiffioners of tho customs in England or Scotland for the time being, or to the commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland for the time being, fo as the person or persons concerned with him, her, or them in such offence, be convidted thereof; he, (he, or they fo first difeovering, shall recover and receive back such infurance-money or premium, as he, (he, or they hath or have paid upon such infurance or agreement; and in cafe the faid infurance-money or premium shall not at the time of such difeovery be actually paid, then the person or persons fo first difcoVering, is and are hereby faved . harmlefs, and indemnified from paying the fame, or any part thereof; and all and every agreement and agreements entered into for paying such monies, is and are hereby declared to be , null and void; and such person or persons fo first difeovering shall also have to his, her, and their own ufe the whole forfeiture impofed upon such infurer, conveyer, or manager as aforesaid, after charges of profecution are deducted; and shall also be clearly acquitted and discharged of the forfeitures hereby impofed upon him, her, or them.

The faid e XXXII. And be it further cnadted, That all the faid penal-nalties how to ^cs anc* forfeitures incurred by the persons concerned in the be recovered, fraudulent and illegal infurances, or agreements to infure, or be

in-

 LjOOQie

1739*] Anno duodecimo Georgii II. C. it.

infured, as before-mentioned, shall be fucd for, profecuted, arid recovered in any court of record at JVeJlmtnJler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland or Ireland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in the name of his  Majesty’s attorney general, or in the name of any officer of his  Majesty’s cuftoms, excife, or fait duties; wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed, cff any more than one imparlance.

XXXIII.	And whereas policies of infurance are commonly modi on goods and merchandizes, as well as on Jbips or vejfels, wherein the infurer undertakes, in consideration of a premium given him by the ajfured, to bear all the rifques and hazards of the voyage; and it is generally unknown to the infurers what forts of goods and merchandizes are loaded on board any /hip or veflel, whereby it frequently happens that infurantes are made on wool or woollen yarn to be carried from Great Britain or Ireland to foreign partr beyond the feas, or on woollen manufactures to be carried from Ireland to foreign parts beyond the feas, as well as on /hips or vejfels having on board such wool or woollen yarn, or woollen manufactures from Ireland: and whereas the difeouraging all such infurances may be a means to prevent the fraudulent exportation of wool and woollen yarn, and woollen manufactures from Ireland; be it therefore further enacted by the Infurances on authority aforesaid, That all policies of infurance which, from woollen goods and after the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven V0ld* hundred and thirty nine, shall be made on goods and merchandizes loaden, or to be loaden, on any (hip or veflel bound from

Great Britain or Ireland to foreign parts beyond the feas, which shall afterwards appear to be wool or woollen yarn, or any other fpecies of wool before-mentioned, or woollen manufactures from Ireland, and all policies of infurance, which, from and after the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, shall be made on any (hip or veflel bound from Great Britain or Ireland to foreign parts beyond the feas, which shall have on board any wool or woollen yarn or any other fpecies of wool before-mentioned, or woollen manufactures from Ireland, shall be deemed and taken to be null and void, notwith-ftanding any words or agreement whatsoever, which shall be in-ferted in any such policy of infurance; and nothing shall be recovered by the affured in either cafe from the infurer for lofs or damage, or for the premium which shall have been given as the tonfideration for infuring such goods and merchandizes, fhip or veflel; any law, efiflom or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- p

faid. That if any action or fuit shall be commenced aeainft any c r 1 person or persons, for any thing done in purfuance of this act; the defendant or defendants in such a&ion or fuit may plead the general iflue, and give this act and the fpecial matter in evidence lat any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance, and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear fo to have be$n done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonfuited, or^if-continue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have

ap-



Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c.*2.	[1739.

appeared; or if judgment shall be raven upon any verdidt or Treble colts, demurrer against the plaintiff; the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble colts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants have ^11 other cafes by law.

CAP. XXII.

An a£l to rectify a miftake in an a£i made in the Jixtb year of the reign of bis late Majesty King George, for preventing frauds and abufes in the publick revenues of , cuftoms, Jlamp	duties, , and , relat-

ing to the condition of bonds taken from mafters of Jhips and to indemnify persons who have aided under the miftake; and also to obviate a doubt which has arifen upon an act made in the feventb year of his faid late Ma-jejty's reign, for the further preventing his Majeftfs fub-jefts from trading to the Eaft-Indies under foreign com-tntffions\ and for encouraging and further fecuring the lawful trade thereto, vqith regard to profecutions in Ireland in n fummary way, for the fraudulent importation of Eaft India goods into that kingdom.

Preamble, re- IX/ H E R E A S in the record of an aft paffed in the jixth year citing the a& V V of the reign of King George the Firstintituled, An a& 6 Geo.i. c.ai. for preventing frauds and abufes in the publick revenues of exr cife, cuftoms, ftamp duties, poft-office, and houfe-money, is a claufe which recites, Thai whereas divers Jhips and veffels of the burthen of fifty tons, or under, laden with tobacco, brandy, Jpirits, and other cufiomable or prohibited goods, pretending to be bound for foreign parts, do frequently lie hovering on the coafi of Ireland, with intention to run the fame privately on Jbore, as opportunity offers, to the great diminution of his Majesty s revenuf, and ruin of fair trad-ers\ and Jhips or vejfcls of the burthen of fifty tons, or under, do frequently lie hovering on that coafi to take in wool not lawfully lice life d, to be brought into England, and other fiaple commodities of Ireland prohibited to be exported; for the better preventing whereof it was declared and enacted by the faid aft, That from and after the firfi day of Auguft, one thtufand seven hundred aHd twenty, where any Jbip or vejfel of the burthen of fifty tons, or under, ladeH with cufiomable or prohibited goods, Jbould be found at anchor, or hovering on the coafis of Ireland, within two leagues of the Jhore, (2nd not proceeding on her voyage, wind and weather permitting, it Jhould and might be lawful to and for any officer or officers of his Majesty's cufioms of that kingdom, to go on beard every fucb Jbip or vejjel, and to take an account of the lading, and to demand and take fecurity from the rnafier, or other person having or taking the charge or command of j'uch jbip or vejjil in that voyage, by his own bond, by him to be entred into, unto his Majesty, his^ heirs and fuccejfors, in fuck hum or fums of monty as Jbould be treble the va?

.hit offuch goods then on board, with condition, that fucb Jbip or vefr

6	fe^



1739*1 Anno duodecimo Georgn II. c. 22.	287

fel> as foots as wind and weather, and the.Jiate and condition of such Jbip or vcffel did permit, Jhould and would proceed regularly on Juch voyagey and Jhould npt land such goods (except wool lawfully lieenjed as aforesaid) in and at fome foreign port or ports \ and ifj'rnh ma-fer or other person having or taking the charge or command of such Jbip or vejfel Jhould upon such demand refufe to enter into such bond, or having entred into such bond, Jhould not depart or proceed regularly on such voyage as foon as wind and weather and the fate and condition of fuck Jbip or vcffel Jhould permit, unless otherwise fuf-fered to make a longer fay by the colleflor, or other principal officer in his absence, of such port where such Jhip or vejfel Jhould be, not exceeding twenty days\ then and in either of the faid cafes all the goods fo on board such Jbip or vejfel Jhould and might by any officer or officers of the cufloms^ by direction of the collet!or or other principal officer as aforesaid, be taken out of and from such Jhip or vejfel, and forthwith brought on Jbore and fecurcd, and in cafe the fiid goods were cufomable, the cufoms and other duties Jhould be paid for the fame; and as concerning wool or assy prohibited goods9 or other goods liable to forfeiture, which might be found on board Jucb Jhips or vejfeh at the time of their unlading, ar aforesaid, the fame are thereby declared to be fubjeft to forfeiture, and the officers of the cujloms Jhould and might profecutc the fame9 as also the Jbip or vejfel, in cafe jhe Jhould be liable to condemnation: and whereas there appears to be a mijlake in the faid recited claufe in the alt aforesaid, by the word [not] being inserted in the record thereof between the word [(hall] and the word [land] contrary to the meaning and intention of the faid aft; now for remedying the faid miftake, be it ena&ed and declared by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the palling this a<5t, the herein before mentioned ment. bonds to be entred into by the matters of (hips or veflels, or the persons having or taking charge or command thereof, according to the direction and provifion before recited of the faid adt, shall be with condition, that such (hip or veflel, as foon as wind and weather and the condition or such (hip or veflel will permit, shall and will proceed regularly on such voyage, and shall land such goods (except wool lawfully licenfed) in and.at fome foreign port or ports; and if such matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of such (hip or veflel shall upon such demand refufe to enter into such bond, or having entred into such bond shall not depart or proceed regularly on such voyage as foon as wind and weather and the Sate and condition offuch (hip or veflel shall permit, unlefc oT therwife fuffered to make a longer ftay by the collector, or other principal officer in his absence, of such port where such ihimor veflel shall be, not exceeding twenty days; then and in .either of the'faid cafes all the goods fo on board such (hip or •veflel, shall and may by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, fry direction of tjic colle&pr or other principal officer as aforesaid.



288	Arino	duodecimo Georgii ll. C. ii. fi fogl

(aid, be taken out of and froth such (hip or veflel, and forth-* •with brought on (hore and fecured; and in cafe the faid good* are cuftomable, the customs and othefr duties shall be paid fof the fame; and as concerning wool, or ahy prohibited goods, or other goods liable to forfeiture, which may be found on board such (hips or veffels at the time of their unlading as a-forefaid, the fame are hereby declared to be fubjeft to forfeiture, gnd the officers of the customs shall and may profecute the fame, as also the (hip or veffel, in cafe (he shall be liable td condemnation.

II. And whereas fome officers of his Majestys customs in the kingdom of Ireland, and other persons affifting ihem> may have gone on boardy and demanded and taken feeurity from the majters or persons having the charge of such /hips or veffels as aforesaidy and have otherwise afted under the faid afty according to the intention of the faid afty though not according to the letter thereof \ whereby fucb officers and persons may be liable to profecutions for the fame\ there* fore to indemnify and fave harmlefs such officers and persons, their heirs! executors and adminiftrators, for taking fudh fecu-rities, andf afting as aforesaid; be it enacted by the authority Perfons in- aforesaid. That all such officers and persons as have taken any demnificd who such fecurities, or afted as aforesaid, their heirs, executors and cording to die adminiftrators, (hall, and each and every of them are hereby intent of the respectively acquitted, indemnified, releafed and discharged of aft.	and from all aftions, profecutions, penalties, forfeitures, out-*

lawries, conviftions and judgments incurred, obtained, had, or to be incurred, obtained, or had, on account, or by reason of the fame.

Aft 7 Geo.i.	-dW	whereas	by	a claufe in an aft of parliament made in the

c.ai. * * seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Pirfty intituled,  An act for the further preventing his  Majesty’s fub-jefts from trading to the Eaft-Indies. under foreign commiffions, and for encouraging and further fecuring the lawful trade thereto, and for further regulating the pilots of Dovery Dealy and the ijle of Thanet; it is ammgft other things enaftedy That front and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty one% * no commodity of the growth, product or manufacture of the Eaft Indies, or other the places in the faid aft before mentionedy /hall be imported or carried into the kingdom of Ireland, the iflands of Jerfey, Guernfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or into any landy iflandy plantation colony, territory, or placey to his Majestyy or to the crown ofGreat Britain belongingy or which JbaU hereafter belong to his Majestyy his heirs and fuceefforSy in Africa or America, but such only as /hall be bona fide, and without fraud, loaden and Jbipt in Great Britain, in fhips navigated according to the several and refpcftive laws now in beingy as to the several places to which the faid goods Jhall be imported or catriedy under the penalty of forfeiting all such goods, or the value thereof\ together with the jhip or vejfcl in which they /hall be importedy with all hfr gunSy tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel \ and such Jhip and goods /hall and may be fsized, a?ui the fame, or the value thereof \



1739'] Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c.22.	289

Jball and may be profecuted in any of his Mojejlfs courts of record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or in any of his Majesty s courts in such land, ijland, colony, territory or place where the offence Jball be committed, or in the royal courts of Jerfey and Gucrnfey re* fpeftively, by bill, plaint or information, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law Jball be allowed, or any more than one impar-lance \ one moiety of which forfeiture Jball be to the ufe of his Ma-jefty, bis heirs and successors, and the other* moiety to him or them who Jball feize or Jtie for the fame; except such offence Jball be committed in any of his Majesty s plantations in Africa or America; in which cafe one third part of the faid forfeiture Jball be td the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, one other third part td the governor of such land, ijland, colony or place where the offence Jball be committed, and the other third part to the informer or pro-fecutor; any law, cujlom or ufage to the contrary notwithjlanding: and if any officer or officers of the customs in the faid kingdom of Ireland, or in the lands, ifands, colonies, plantations, territories or places aforesaid, Jball willingly or knowingly connive at thefraudulent importation of any such commodities as is before mentioned, contrary to the true meaning of the faid lajl mentioned aft; or if any such officer or officers Jhall take upon him or them to feize any of the faid commodities, and Jball by fraud or collufion defejl or delay the profecution thereof to condemnation; he or they fo conniving, dc-fijling or delaying, Jball forfeit and lofe the sum of fve hundred pounds, to be fued for and recovered in manner aforesaid; one moiety of which forfeiture to be to the ufe of his Majesty, bis heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to him or them who will inform and fue for the fame ; and such officer or officers Jball also for the future be incapable of holding any office or employment under his Majesty, his heirs and successors: and whereas a doubt hath a* rifen, whether by reajon of the faid lajl mentioned aft the penalties and forfeitures incurred by the laws now in force in the faid king* dom of Ireland, againjl running, or intending to run goods into that kingdom, or for landing or carrying the fame away without dm entry being made thereof, or paying or giving fecurity for the payment of the duties thereout due and payable to his Majesty, can, (as Jo commodities of the growth, produftion or manufafture of tlse Eaft Indies, mentioned in the faid recited aft) be fued for, and recovered in a fummary way, in any other manner than by bill, plaint, or information, in j'ome of his Majejh's courts of record in Dublin: and whereas divers evil-difpofcd persons have of late been encouraged to run great quantities of India goods into the kingdom of Ireland, which were not loaden or Jhipped in or from any part of *

Great Britain, whereby the payment of any duty for the fame bath

been avoided, to the great diminution of his Majesty s revenue in

the kingdom of Ireland, contrary to the true intent and meaning of

the faid aft\ for remedy whereof, and for obviating and taking rommU5ou-

away all such doubts, be it further enalted by the authority a- crf> or

forefaid. That the commiflionefs of excife in the kingdom ofcommiffioners

Ireland for the time being, or any three of them, or the fub-°* excife in

commiffioners of excife for the time being, or the major part	try

Vox.. XVII.	U	^.offence,	a-



29°	Anno	duodecimo	GEORGIIII. C. 2j.	[1739.

pinft anya&s of them refpedively, in their refpedive limits and diftrids in in*" run- thc ^g^om °f Ireland, (hall, from and after the palling of ning of India this ad, and they are hereby authorized and required to hear roods, in a and determine all offences against any claufe or article contain-luminary way. ed in any aft of parliament now in force in the kingdom of Inland, made for preventing the running or intending to run into the faid kingdom any commodity of the growth, produd, or minufadure of the Eajl Indies, or other places beyond the Cape of good hope-, and the faid commiflioners and fub-commif-fioners Stall and may, and they are hereby impowered to proceed in a fummary way, and hear, determine, and give judgment or fentence thereupon, and order and dired the fines, penalties, and forfeitures, to be recovered and levied, in such or the like manner, as they the faid commifiioners and fub-commiffioners are enabled to proceed to hear, determine, give judgment, and levy the fines, penalties, and forfeitures in cafes of excife in the kingdom of Ireland by any law, ad or ads of parliament, now in force in that kingdom; any thing in the (aid ad palled in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

CAP, XXIII.

 An act for providing a reward to Joanna Stephens upon a proper difeovery to be made by her for the ufe of the pub-lick, of the medicines prepared by her for the cure of the Jlone.

WHEREAS Joanna Stevens of the city of Westminster, fpinjler, hath acquired the knowledge of medicines, and the flail of preparing them, which by a dijfolving power feem capable of removing the cauje of the painful diftemper of the done, and may be improved, and more fuccefsfully applied, when the fame /hall be difeovered to persons learned tn the fcience of pbyfick\ now for encouraging the faid Joanna Stephens to make difeovery thereof, and for providing her a recompence in cafe the faid medicines shall be fubmitted to the examination of proper judges, and by them be found worthy of the reward hereby provided; may it pleafe your Majesty, that it may be enaded, See.

1	*

50001. granted out of the fupplies for the difeovery of Mrs. Stephens's • medicines. Treafury to aifue the faid fum, on a proper certificate.

CAP.

 ooQle

2$l

1739.] Anno duodecimo Geosail II. c. 94.

CAP. XXIV.

 An act to tmptfiner the high courf of Chancery to lay out upon proper fecurities any monies not exceeding a fum therein limited, out of the common and general cafh in the bank of England, belonging to the fuitors of the faid court, for the eafe of the faid fuitors, by applying the interest arifing therefrom, for anfwering the charges of the office of the accountant general of the feud court♦

WHEREAS the lords commifjmers for the cujlody of /A/Preamble, re-great feal of Great Britain did, on the twenty fixth day of* ting the aftt May, one thoujana seven hundred and twenty five, make an order llGc?tl*Ct^9 for the mafiers of the high court of Chancery to deliver into the hank */* England the money, bonds, tallies, order s> and ejfefts of the fuitors of the faid court under their refpeftive care and direction i and the lord high chancellor ^/“Great Britain did, by an order of the fourth day of November followings direft the faid order of the twenty fixth day of May to be kept and obfervea, with the explanations, alterations,. and additions in the faid order of the fourth ^November contained: and whereas by an aft of parliament made and pajfed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Firfi, intituled, An a& for the better fecuring the monies and’effetts of the fuitors of the court of Chancery, and to prevent the counterfeiting of Eajl India bonds, and indorfe* ments thereon, as likewise indorsements on South Sea bonds j after reciting and fitting forth both the faid orders of the court of Chancery, it was, amongfl other things, enafted, That one person Jbould be appointed by the high court of Chancery to aft, perform, and do all such matters and things relating to the delivery of the fuitors money and iff efts into the flank, and taking them out of the bank, and the keeping the accounts with the bank, and all other matters relating thereto, as in and by the faid recited orders, or either of them, were preferibed and direfted to be done and performed by the mafiers and ujher of the faid court ^/Chancery; and which officer fo to be appointed, was to be called the Accountant general of the court ot Chancery, and jbould hold such office during the pleafurc of the faid court: and an account Jbould be kept in his name with the bane of England for and on the behalf of the fuitors of the faid court of Chancery, in such manner as is direfted by the faid recited orders with refpeft to the mafiers of the faid court and the bank; and it was thereby enafted, That the J'aid accountant general jbould, as to the several regulations and aireftions preferibed in the faid orders, fiand find be in the place and room of the mafiers and ujher of the faid court, and Jbould receive no other fee or reward from the fuitors for the exercife of the faid office, than wbat was allowed to the mafiers in and by the faid order of the twenty fixth of May, one thousand seven hundred and twenty five: and whereas in purfuance of the Jaid aft of parliament, the court of Chancery hath confiantly appointed a person to exereife ,

U 2	the





292	Anno	duodecimo Georgii II. C.24.	[1739.

the faid office of accountant general, who thereby became entitled to the fees allowed to be taken by the f&id aft: and whereas, although the faid office hath been found to be of publick utility, and of great benefit and fafety to the fuitors of the court of Chancery, yet the fees allowed for the execution of the faid office are very difpropor-tionate and unequal, for that in all inflames of receipts arid payments, acceptances and transfers of fmall fums the faid fees are a great burthen to the fuitors; and also that for a great variety of bufinefs and tranfaftions in the faid office, which are either preferred by the faid aft, orK are abfolutely neceffary for the regular keeping of the fuitors accounts, no fee is provided or can be taken under the fame aft: and whereas by an aft of parliament made and pajfed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty andc.31.	George the Fir/t, intituled, An act for relief of the fuitors

of the high court ot Chancery; it was, amongfl other things, enabled, That all the money and cafh then depofited in the bank, or that fhould at any time thereafter be paid into or depofited in the bank, on the account of the fuitors of the court of Chancery, or any of them, or by order of the faid court, and all the monies arifing by the rates and duties given by the faid aft, or borrowed thereon, and paid into the bank\ fhould be accounted and taken to be one common and general cajhy and fhould be promifcuoufly iffiued and ijfuable, when and as the court of Chancery fhould dire ft y for the anfweringy paying, and clearing the d.bts and demands of any of the fuitors of the faid court : and whereas from many years experience it hath been found, that there always hath been, and now is a very large sum of money belonging to the fuitors of the court of Chancery, which lies dead and unemploy* id in the bankj wherefore in order to give eafe to the fuitors of the faid court, and likewise provide a juft support and maintenance for an office which is fo effifntial to the fecurity of the fuitors property; be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by hnd with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament 35,oool.oftheaflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That out of the ca(h of the fuit- ca(h that now lies, or shall hereafter lie dead and unemployed 0r*in the bsmk *n	bank °f England,	belonging to the fuitors of the court

to be placed" °f Chancery, a fum not exceeding thirty five thousand pounds, outongovern-(hall and may by virtue of any order or orders of the faid court ment iccuri- to be made for that purpofe, from time to time, be placed out txe#*	in	one intire fum, or in parcels, on such government or par-

liamentary fecurities, as in and by such order or orders shall be dire&ed; to the intent that the Lntereft and annual profits arifing from the money fo to be placed oat as aforesaid may be ap- . plied for the purpptes herein after mentioned ; and that the faid court of Chancery may, from time to time, change the fecurity or fecurities on which the faid monies shall be placed, as the laid court shall think expedient.

Tbsintereft to And it is hereby further enadted. That the interest and he received annual profits arifing and to be produced from the faid fecurities, hy the b*nk. shall from time to time be received by the governor and company of4he bank of England, and placed to the credit of an account

x739*] Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 24.	193

count to be raised in the books kept there for the fuitors of the (aid court, of interest arifing from money placed out in purfuance of this act; and that out of such interest money and annual pro-, fits, there shall be paid by quarterly payments the annual fum of one thousand and twenty pounds; which payment shall be nude by the governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of an order or orders of the court of Chancery to be made for that purpofe; videlicet, to the accountant general of the court of Chancery, the sum of fix hundred and fifty pounds; to his first Salaries a. clerk, the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds; to his fecond mounting to clerk, the sum of one hundred and twenty pounds; which (aid 1010 *• Pfr falaries shall commence from the twenty ninth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hunared and thirty nine; and shall be in lieu of, and inrecompence and fatisfaction in nCu of fees; for, all fees whatsoever, which from that time shall or would be	*

due or payable to the faid office by the fuitors; and that the re-fidue of the interest and anntpl profits arifing and to be produced from the faid fecurities, shall be accounted for and taken as part of the common and general cafh, of and belonging to the fuitors of the (aid court of Chancery, and shall be iffued and applied purfuant and according to the directions of the before recited act of parliament, intituled.  An act for relief of the fuitors of the high court of Chancery.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That wjly1 arc to from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, no fee or ceafe fron* fees whatsoever shall be taken in the faid office for any matter or *9Sept. *719* thing directed to be done or performed therein by the act herein

firft recited; and that if any person belonging, or who shall hereafter belong, to the faid office, shall prefume to take any fee or reward, every such person shall be looked upon as guilty of extortion, and (nail and may be liable to be profecuted for the fame by indictment or information, or upon complaint thereof made to the court of Chancery shall be puni(hed for the fame as for a contempt of the court.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and de- The faid fum, dared. That if at any time hereafter the whole or any part of or any part # the faid fum of thirty five thousand pounds shall be wanted to thereof, to be anfwer any of the demands of the luitors of the faid court °f ^o^need Chancery, then, and in such cafe, the faid court may and (hallc

direct the fame, or any part thereof, to be called in, or the fecurities on which the fame shall be placed, to be difpofed of, in order that the fuitors of the faid court may at all times be paid their refpective demands out of the common and general ca(h belonging to such fuitors.

U3	CAP.





*94	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii	II.	c.	4$.	[1739-

CAP. XXV.

 An act to obviate fome doubts which have arifen upon the con-firuftion of an act made in the first year of the reign Cjf King William and Queen Mary, intituled,  An act for explaining part of an act made in the first year of the reign of King James the First, concerning tanned lea*

N ther; and for rendering more effeftual a claufe in the fend laji-mentioncd aft, which obliges curriers to curry leather j and for repealing two claufes in the faid lafi-menli<mc& aft*

Preamble, re- Wf HERE AS certain doubts have arifen upon the cenftruft'ien citing the*aft VV of an aft paffed in the firjl year of the reign of their late mu-j W. U M* jtjlies King William and Queen Mary, intituled,  An act for ex* Hat. 1. c. 33* plaining part of an act made in the first year of the reign of King James die Firft, concerning tanned leather, relating to the cutting and felling of tanned leather in fmall pieces; and whereas the coating and felling of tanned leather in fmall pieces, for the ufe of the various artificers working up the fame into made wares, is a great convenience and advantage to such artificers, and a benefit to the publish in general ; may it therefore pleafe your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enafted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent maiefty, by and with the advice andconfentofthe lords spiritual .	and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiem-

Id to^y!lut, bled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the and fell lea- ’twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ther, curried thirty nine, it shall and may be lawful for all leatherfellers, cur-or uncurried, riers> (hoemakers, and all other persons whatsoever, who do deal in unallI pieces. or ^ jn i^her, freely to buy all forts of tanned leather in any open fair or market, whether curried or uncurried, such leather being first fearched and fealed according to the form of the ftatutes in that cafe made and provided \ and to put and fell the fame in any fmall pieces, whether curried or uncurried, in thdr publick and open (hops, to the various artificers who work up and convert the fame into their made wares, or to any other per* fon or-persons whatsoever; any thing in the faid recited aft or any former afts contained to the contrary thereof in any wife /Potwithftanding.

persons un- II# Provided nevertheless. That nothing in this aft contained qualified not shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to give liberty to any hereby licenf* person or persons whatsoever, to make, caufe, or procure to be the^oemak- ma<*c» anY b°°ts> (hoes, clogs, or flippers, or to few, dole, or fit eri trade j " to the laft, or caufe or procure to be fewed, clofed, or fitted to 1 the laft, pieces of leather for making boots, (hoes, clogs, or flip* pers for (ale, other than such person or persons who are or shall be legally intitled to exercife the trade of a cordwainer, or fucb persons as shall becoblers or tranflators. nor (hoe- III. Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained shall makers to aft be conftrued to extend to give a right to any leatherfeller, cur-*U aCC ***** (hoemaker, or any other person whatsoever, tp exercife their



‘ *739*] Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 2 5.	293

refpedive trades in any town-corporate, or place, where by law they cannot now exercife the fame.

IV.	And for making more effectual a daufe in the faid ad , .

made in the first year of the reign of King James the firft, which '1 ' ’ '**' obliges curriers to curry leather for the several artificers working up the fame; be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That if any currier or curriers lhall, from and after the faid furriers refuf-twenty fourth day of June-, one thousand seven hundred and l^the/ thirty nine, refufe to curry any leather brought or lent to him or within a li-them for that purpose, by any leatherfellers, (hoemakers, or o- mited time, thcr persons whatsoever, who do deal or work in leather, or shall negled to curry the fame within the space of fixteen days, between the twenty eighth day of September, and the twenty fifth day of March following, and within the (pace of eight days in the remaining part of the year, after fitch leather shall be brought or fent and delivered to him or them; such currier or curriers, who shall in either qf the faid cafes offend, shall for e-very fitch offence, being thereof lawfully convided before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace within the county, city, town-corporate, liberty, or place where such offence lhall be committed, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnefles, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered by diftrefs and Tale of the offender’s goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any there shall be) after deducing the exp«nce of such diftrefs and fale, to the owners thereof; one moiety of which forfeiture shall go to the informer, and the o-tber moiety to the poor of the parilh where such offence or offences shall be committed; any thing in the faid claufe, or in any former law contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

V.	Provided nevertheless. That it shall and mjy be lawful to juftices may and for the faid refpedive juftices, where they shall fee caufe, to mitigate pe-mkigate or lefien any such penalties according to their difere- nalt,M* tion.

VI.	And be it further enadtd by the authority aforesaid, .	. from

That if any person or persons shall think himfelf or themselves them to the aggrieved by the determination of the juftice or juftices afore- quarter fef. faid, it shall and may be lawful for such person or persons to ap- nous.

peal to the general quarter feflions of the peace, to be next held for such county, city, town-corporate, liberty, or place, where such offence shall be committed; and that the determination of the juftices, or the major part of them then and there made,

(hall be condufive and final, to all intents and purposes whatsoever ; and that no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any determinations or proceedings as above directed.

VII.	And be it further enatfted by the authority aforesaid. Two claufcs

That the two claufes in an ad made in the first year of King	__

James the First, intituled, An all concerning tanners, curriers,/hoe-

makers, and other artificers, occupying the cutting of leather, which v prohibit any persons dwelling in London, the liberties thereof, or within three miles of the faid city, occupying wet curried leather

U 4	'in

1

, z$6	Anno	duodecimo Georgii II. c. 26.	[1739-

in their art or occupation to put forth such leather to be curried* but to such persons as are free of the company of curriers of the city of London, under pain of forfeiture of luch leather, or the value thereof; and also prohibiting any persons within the laid city, or three miles diftance, to put in any made wares any curried leather, before the fame shall be fearched and allowed by '	the wardens of the curriers of London, and be fealed with their

feal, upon pain of forfeiting for every hide or (kin otherwise curried or employed, fix (hillings and eight pence, and the value of such hide or (kin ; (hall, from and after the faid twenty fourth, day of June* be, and are by this present a<5l repealed and made void to* all intents and purposes whatsoever; any thing in the faid recited adt or any other adt contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

VIII.	Provided nevertheless. That nothing herein contained th^cumm	extcn^>	or	be	conftrued to extend, to leflen or take away

company not afly power or privilege given to the faid company of curriers hereby lefleij- by charter or grant, fo far as they may or can ufe or exercife the ed*	fame in the city of London or liberties thereof.

Publick aft	And	be	it	further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

*	That this adt shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pub-

lick adt; and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

CAP. XXVI.

 An act for the better preventing frauds and abufes in gold and ftlver wares.

Preamble, re- W PEREAS byanatt of parliament made in the twenty eighth citing the ▼ t year of the reign of King Edward the Firjty made amongjt aftsx* Edw. other things for the ajfayingy touchings and marking vejfels of gold, it 1. e. 20. was ordained, That no golifmith within the King's dominions Jbould thenceforth make any veffely jewel, or other thing of gold or Jitvery but of true allay, y \dc\\ctiy gold not worfe than the touch 0/Paris; and ftlver cf the Jlerling allay, or better; and that no ftlver vejfel Jbould depart out of the worker's hands, till affayed by the wardens of the craft, and marked with the Leopard’s Head ; and that the wardens Jbould go fromjbop to Jhop amongjl the goldfmithsy to ,ajfay if their gold was of the touch aforeJ'aidy and if it was noty the J'ame Jbould be forfeited j and that all the good towns ^England, wheregoldfmithswerey Jbould be ordered by that Jlatutey as well as tkofe in London; and that cm {for the rejl) from each town Jbould come to London, to be afeertain-(d of the touch; and if any person Jbould offend agalnjl that Jhitutcy he jbould be punijhed by imprifonmenty and ranfom at the King's plea* fure: and whereas by another alt of parliament made in the fcconi year of the reign of King Henry the Sixth, concerning the fitenefi of % Hen. harnefs of ftlver, and the marks with which it Jbould be marked, it p. H*	was amonjfi other things ordainedand etlablijhed,, I hat nogoldfmith nor

worker of ftlver within the city ^London, Jhcu'd fell any workman-Jhip offlyer, unlejs it flmld be fine as fhr!ingy except the fame Jboulj

need

m

 booQ le

297

17£$•]	Anno duodecimo G^orgii II. c, 26.

peed fiderdn the makings nor until the fame Jhould be touebed-witb the touch of the Leopard’s Head, if it might bear the fame, and also with the workman's mark, on fain to forfeit double the value •, and that the workman's mark Jhould be made knoivn to the wardens of the fame craft: and whereas by another aft of parliament made tn the eighteenth year of the reign of £>ueen Elizabeth, intituled, An ad .. for regulation of abufes in gol3fmiths, it was enacted. That after1* c# ** the twentieth of April then nepet, no gcldfmith Jhould work, fell, or exchange, or caufe to be wrought, fold, or exchanged, any plate or goldfmiths ware of gold left in finenefs than twenty two carrafts, nor with more than necejfary fader; nor Jhould make, fell, or exchange any plate or goldfmiths wares of ftlver, lefs in finenefs than eleven ounces two penny weight 5 nor put to fale, exchange, or fell any. plate or gold- " fmiths work of ftlver, before he Jhould have Jit his own mark thereto* if it might bear the fame, upon pain to forfeit the value of the thing fe fold or exchanged: and whereas by another aft of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majeny King William the Third, intituled, An act for appointing wardens and aflay-mafters 11 w# 3*c* 4* for affaying wrought plate, m the cities of York, Exeter, Brijlol,

Chejler, and Norwich, it was amongjl other things enabled. That thf goldfmiths,ftlver fmiths, and plate workers, who then were, or Jhould he free of, and inhabiting in, any of tbofe cities, and having fervid apprenticejhips thereto, Jhould be and were thereby respectively incorporated a company of and belonging to such city, and Jhould be called and known by the name of the company ^Goldfmiths of such city reflectively, and were thereby authorized to eleft two wardens yearly, and to eleft an affayer in each of the faid cities; and that it Jhould be lawful for fuchaffayer to detain eight grains from every pound troy offt her be Jhould afjay; and that such affayer Jhould be paid towards his charge and trouble in the affaying the plate of per fins inhabiting any town or place where no affayer was or Jhould be appointed, a fum not exceeding fin pence in every pound troy, and the goldfmiths of the town of New-caftle upon Tyne have, by an aft paffed in the fir (I year of the reign of her late Majesty §>ueen Anne, been incorporated with the like powers: and whereas the wardens and commonalty of the myflery of Goldfmiths of the city 0/* London are and have been a gum or corporation time out of mind, with divers privileges, confirmed and enlargedfrom time to time by several charters from his Majesty's royal predecejfirs. Kings and Queens of this tealm amongjl other things)1 for the fearching, affaying, fupervifmg, marking, and regulating wrought plate, in order to ascertain toeflandard thereof, for the good and Jdfety of the publick: and whereas his late majefiy King Charles the Second, by his letters patent under his great feat ^England, bearing date the fourth day of January, in the eighteenth year of his reign, reciting. That the wardens of the faid company in punijhing defaults in the faid trade, had been at great charges, and at the peril of their bodies, as well as the lofs of their goods, fi that the wardens then late, on account of the menaces and affaults from the workers, could not put into execution the authorities given to them by former charters, and many frauds had been committed; therefore his faid majefiy King Charles the Second, by bit faid letters patent, impowered the gardens of

fat

Digitized



Finenefs of gold and fil-ver wares limited.

*98	duodecimo Georgii II. e.46.	[1739.

the faid company of Goblfmiths of London, and tbtir successors, to commit offenders to prison, and to Jet fines upon them, and to Jeize and break deceitful wares: and whereas the jlandards of the plate of this kingdom are both for the honour and riches of this realm, and fo highh concern bis Majefifs JubjtCUy that the fame ought to be moft carefully obfervedy and all deceits therein to be prevented as much as pojjiMei but notwithstanding the aforesaid several alts of parliament and char-tersy great frauds are daily committed in the manufacturing of gold and filver wareSy for want of fuffident power effectually to prevent the fames now for remedying such abufes for the future, may it pleaTe your Msuefty that it may be enaCted, and be it enaCted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confeqt of the lords fpiritual' and temporal, and commons, in this prerent parliament aflepabled,andby theauthority ofthe fame. That from and after the twenty eighth day of Alayy one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, no goldfmith, filverfmith, or other person whatsoever, making, trading, or dealing in gold or filver wares, within that part of Great Britain called England^ shall work or make, or caufc or procure to.be wrought or made any gold veflel, plate, or manufacture of gold whatsoever, Ids in finenefs than twenty two carraCts of fine gold in. every pound weight troy; nor work or make, or caufe or procure to be wrought or made, any filver veflel, plate, or manufacture of filver whatsoever, lefs in finenefs than eleven ounces two penny weight of fine filver in every pound weight troy 5 nor fell, exchange, or expofe to fale, or export out of this kingdom, any .gold veflel, plate, or manufacture of gold whatsoever, made after the fsid twenty eighth day of Mayy one thousand seven hundred and thirty nit>p> lefs in finenefs than twenty two carraCts of fine gold in every pound weight troy; nor fell, exchange, or expolo to fale, or export out of this kingdom, any filver veflel, plate, or manufacture of filver whatsoever, madfe after the faid twenty eighth day of Mayy one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, lets in finenefs than eleven ounces two penny weight of fine filver in every pound weight troy; upon pain that every such gold-fmith, filverfmith, or other person for every such offence shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and dif-pofed of as herein after is mentioned; and for default of payment the offender shall be committed by the court, in which judgment shall be given thereon, to the houfe of correction for the county, city, or liberty where convicted; there to remain, and be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding the space of fix months, or until payment be made of the faid forfeiture.

This *61 not	Provided	always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing

toextend to >n this aCt shall extend to any jewellers works, that is to fay, any jewellers gold or filver wherein any jewels or other (tones are or shall be works (except jet (other than mourning rings) nor to any jointed night ear-inourmng ringS 0por fprjngS o| lockets, r g*-;	III.	Provided	alfo,	and it is hereby enaCted, That if any (hop-

-How (hop- keeper, or other person trading or dealing in gold or filver ware* to tie I?**empt- fnot beihSP^ker worker thereof) shall happen to export,

%	fcll.

*7391 AiAto<!u(x!edtti() CfioRGn II. c. 16.	299

fell, or expofeto fale any gold or filver wares worfe than the re- ed from pro. fpe&ive ftandards, and mall withm fourteen days next after no- fecutiont. tice of the coarfenefs thereof to hitn or her given, difcover and make known to the party aggrieved, or to the matter, wardens Or clerk of any of the companies of goldfmiths belonging to the place or diftriffc within which* ftich (hopkeeper, or other person trading or dealing in gold or filver wares as aforesaid, shall re-fide, the name and place of abode of the maker or worker thereof, or of the person orpersons of whom such (hopkeeper, or o-ther person trading or dealing m gold or filver wares as aforesaid, really bought such coarfe gold or filver wares; and shall produce him, her or them, if living, lb that he, (he or they may be fued or profecuted for the fame; and if fudi (hropkeeper or other person trading or dealing in gold or filver wares, who fold, expofed to fale, or exported the fame, (hall, at any trial to be had against such maker or worker, or such other person or persons of whom the fame were bought as aforesaid, for such offence, give or produce material evidence against such maker or worker, or fuel* o-'ther person of whom the fame were bought as aforesaid ; and the judge before whom the caufe shall be tried, shall under his band upon the record certify the fame; and also that theredidnot on such trial appear any ground to believe that such (hopkeeper or other person trading or dealing in gold or filver wares as aforesaid, was concerned in or privy to such fraud ; or if such (hop-'keeper or dealer shall on the trial of any foil or profecution a-gainft him, her or themfelvcs, concerning the premiffes, prove that he, (he or they delivered to such maker or worker a fuffici-ent quantity of ftandard gold or filver to make the faid wares, and paid a reafonable price for the fafhion thereof, or paid such maker or worker, or other person or persons, a market price for ftandard gold or filver of that weight, befides a reafonable price 'for the faftfion thereof 5 then and in any or either of the faid cafes such (hookceper or dealer shall be and is hereby exempted and discharged from any penalty or forfeiture to be incurred by this a61 for exporting, felling or expofing to fale such coarle gold or filver wares as aforesaid, and from any aftion, fuit Or profecution for the fame; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.*

IV.	Provided always* That it shall not be neceJTary for such No (hopkeeper or other person trading or dealing in gold or filver gai„ft them,

•wares, who fold, expofed to fale, or exported such coarfe gold or but within 4 filver wares as aforesaid, to give or produce such material evi- 4 terras* <lence, or to procure such certificate as aforesaid, in order to his indemnity or difeharge from any penalty or forfeiture by virtue of this a<5t, unless such trial against such maker or worker, or o-ther person of whom the fame were bought as aforesaid, shall be had within four terms after such difeovery made as aforesaid re-fpedlively; nor onlefc reafonable notice shall be given to such (hopkeeper or other person trading or dealing in gold or filver • Wares as aforesaid, of the time of such trial.

V.	And be h further enatf ed by the authority aforesaid. That penalty on

from felling or c*





300	AnnoduodcdmoGeorgii II. Cki6. [1739.

porting gold from and after the faid twenty eighth day of May, one thoufaqd or filvcr wares fcven hundred and thirty nine, no goldfmith, filverfmith, or o-be ore mark- ^er person whatsoever, making or felling, trading or dealing in gold or filver wares, shall fell, exchange or expofe to fale, within that part of Great Britain called England, any gpld or filver vefiel, plate or manufacture of gold or filver whatsoever, made after the faid twenty eight day of May, one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, or export the fame out of this kingdom, until such time as such vefiel, plate, or manufacture of gold, (being of the ftandard of twenty two carraCts of fine gold per pound troy) and such vefiel, plate or manufacture of filver (being of the ftandard of eleven ounces two-penny weight of fine filver per pound troy) shall be marked as followeth; that is to fay, with the mark of the worker or maker thereof, which shall be the first letters of his chriftian and furname, and with thefe marks of the faid company of goldfmiths in London, vi%. the leopard’s head, the lion pauant, and a diftinCt variable mark or letter to denote the year in which such plate shall be made; or with the mark of the worker or maker, and with the marks appointed to be ufed by the aflayers at York, Exeter, Brijlol, Cbejler, Norwich, or Newcajile upon Tyne; or plate (being of the ftandard of eleven • ounces ten-penny weight of fine filver per pound weight troy) with the mark of the worker or maker thereof, which shall be the first letters of his chriftian and furname, as aforesaid, and with thefe marks of the (aid company, viz. the lion’s head erafed, the figure of a woman, commonly called Britannia, and the faid mark or letter to denote the year as aforesaid; or with the mark of the worker or maker, and the marks of one of the faid cities or towns; upon pain that every such goldfmith, filverfmith, and other perfon, for every such offence shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and difpofed of as herein after is mentioned; and for default of payment, shall be com-* mitted by the court in which judgment (nail be given thereon, to the houfe of correction for the county, city or liberty, where Convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding the space of fix months, or until payment be made of the faid forfeiture.

VI.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby declared. That nothing Wtresexcejjt- jn tjjj8 ^ contained (hajl extend to oblige any of the following ***	wares	of gold or filver to be (lamped or marked by the faid re-

fpeCtive companies of goldfmiths, or any of them; that is to fay, rings, collets for rings or Qther jewels, chains, necklace beads, lockets, hollow or raised buttons, fteeve buttons, thimbles, corral fockets and bells, ferrils, pipe lighters, cranes for bottles, veiy fmall book clafps, any flock or garter clafps jointed, very fmau nutmeg graters, rims of fnuff boxes, whereof tops or bottoms are made of (hell or (tone. Aiding pencils, toothpick cafes, tweezer cafes, pencil cafes, needle cafes, any philligree work, any forts of tippings or fwages on (tone or ivory cafes, any mounts, ferews, or (toppers to (lone or glafs bottles, or phiajs, jatny fmall or flighf of nameqts put to ?mber or other eggs or pms,

3hy



1739*] Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 26.	301

any wrought feals or feal with cornelian or other (tones fet therein, or any cold or filver veflel, plate or manufacture of gold or fdver fo richly engraved, carved or chafed, or fet with jewels or other (tones, as not to adroit of an aflay to be taken of, or a mark to be (truck thereon, without damaging, prejudicing or defacing the fame, or such other things as by reason of the fmall-nefs or thinnefs thereof are not capable of receiving the marks herein before mentioned or any of them, and not weighing ten penny weight of gold or (ilver each.

VH. And whereas by a claufe contained in the faid recited aft Penalty in the made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King Wil- aft 1* w. liam the Thirds it was enafted, That if any person Jhould counterfeitc*	*•

any of theJlamps appointed by that aft to be ufed by the wardens or afe rcPcaied* foyers therein mentioned for marking wrought plate, or any of the Jlamps ufed by the wardens of the companyJf goldfmiths of the city of London,fuch person Jhouldfor everyhuh offence forfeit thefum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered anadtfpojed of as therein is mention-ed: and whereas the faid penalty or forfeiture of five hundredfounds for counterfeiting the Jiamts on wrought plate is oy experience found to be too great a penalty or forfeiture, and hath been feme occafion ofper~ fens escaping unpunijhea who have been guilty of counterfeiting the the faid /lamps, whereby the good intention of the fend aft hath been evaded} be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the faid claufe, and the powers therein contained, shall from and after the faid twenty eighth day of May One thousand seven and thirty nine, ceafe and determine; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

^ VIIL And be it further enafted, That from and after the *ool. Penalty faid twenty eighth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and g"f°TPng thirty nine, if any goldfmith or filverfmith, or other person whatsoever, shall caft, forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be caft, forged, or counterfeited, any of the marks or ftamps of the faid company of goldfmiths in London, or any of the marks or ftamps appointed to be ufed for marking wrought * plate at York, Exeter, Brijlol, Chefler, Norwich, or Newcajlle upon Tyne, or any of them; or shall caft, forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be caft, forged or counterfeited, any mark, ftamp or impreflion, to refemble any mark, ftamp or imprefiion, to be made with any mark or ftamp to be ufed by the faid company of goldfmiths in London, or by the wardens or a flayers at York,

Exeter, Brijlol, Chejler, Norwich, or Newcajlle upon Tyne, or any of them in purfuance of this aft or any other afts of parliament now in force; or shall mark or ftamp, or caufe or procure to be marked or ftamped, with any such counterfeit mark or ftamp, any wrought plate of gold or filver whatsoever, or any wares of brafs, or other bafe metal filvered or gilt over, and refembling plate of gold or filver; or shall tranfpofe or remove, or caufe or procure to be tranfpofed or removed, from one piece of wrought plate to another, or to any veflel of such bafe metal as aforesaid, any of the marks, ftamps or impreflions made, or to be made, by or with any of the marks or ftamps of the faid company of



3qz	Anna duodecimo GeoRGH II. c. %6.	[1739.

gpldfmiths in Londonx or of the wardens or afiayers at 2Vi* Exeter, Brijloly Chefter, Norwich, or Newca/lle upon Tyney or any of them, ufed or to be ufed for the purpoles aforesaid, in pur-fuance of this or any other act of parliament now in force; or shall fell, exchange or expofe to fale any manufacture of gold or fitver, or export the fame out of this Kingdom, with any such forged or counterfeit mark, ftamp or impreflion thereon, or any mark, ftamp or impreflion fo tranfpofed or removed from another piece of plate as aforesaid, knowing such mark, ftamp or impreflion to be forged* counterfeited, or .tranfpofed or removed as aforesaid \ then such goldfmith, filverfmith or other perfoa shall for every or any of the faid offences forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and difpoied of as in this aCt is mentioned; and for default of payment thereof, or any part thereof, shall be committed by the court in which judgment shall be given thereon, to the houfe of correction for the county, city or liberty where convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding the space of two years, or until payment be made of the faid forfeiture. Clanfeto pie- IX. And whereas great frauds and abufes are daily committed by vate workin* Prlvate working and manufafturing of filver platey without the of (liver plate. noitce or knowledge of the commijjioners or officer i appointed by Ifis Majesty for managing the dutyy notwithjianding the powers given 6Geo.i.c*ll# for preventing the Jame by an oft made in the fixthyear of the reign of his late Majesty King George, for laying a duty on wrought plate: now for the better preventing such frauds and abufes, and the dif-covery of such private workhoufeS or places for the future; be it enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the faid twenty eighth day of Mayy one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, every working goldfmith and filverfmith, and other manufacturer of gold or filver whatsoever, who shall at any time or times after the faid twenty eighth day of Mayy one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, work or make, or caufe to be wrought or made, any gold or filver veflel, plate, or manufac-ture of gold or filver whatsoever, by this aCt required to be marked by the faid company of goldfmiths, or bvthe faid wardens or afiayers at the cities or places aforesaid refpe&rvely, shall from time to time fend with every parcel of such gold or filver to the afiay office of the faid company, or to the faid wardens or affay-ers, a note or memorandum in writing containing the day of the month and year, the chriftian and furnames of the worker or maker, and place of his abode, all the fpecics in such parcel of plate, and the number of each fpecies, with the total weight of such parcel; which note or memorandum shall be entred in like manner by fome officer or fervant of the faid company, or by the faid wardens or afiayers, or their fervants, in one or more of their book or books, and shall be afterwards filed; and the officer or fervant of the faid company, or such warden or afiayer as aforesaid, who shall fo enter and file such notes or memorandums, shall monthly tranfmit or deliver on oath into the exdfc-office all the notes or memorandums by him or them received

 (^.ooQle

1739*1 Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c• i6.	303

of or for filver plate allayed and marked at the refpeCtive allay-offices, or true copies thereof * and the commiffioners of excife shall and may, and they are hereby fully authorized and impow-cred monthly or oftner if they mall think fit, to appoint any person or persons to infpeCt and examine the book or books in the aflay-offices, in order to check any account or accounts of wrought plate chargeable with the faid duty j and for every default of such goldfmith, filverfmith, or manufacturer of gold or filver, and of iuch officer or fervant of the faid company of goldfmith s as aforesaid, and for every default of such warden or af-(ayer at any of the faid other cities or places, touching or concerning any of the before-mentioned premifies, he, each, and every of them, lhall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and <lifpofed of as herein after is mentioned$ and for want of payment the offender lhall be committed by the court, in whicn judgment shall be given thereon, to the houft of correction for the county, city, or liberty where convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding the space of three months, or until payment be made of the faid forfeiture.

X. And whereas by a claufe contained in the faid all of the fixtb year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firfiy it is enaftedy That any person or persons exporting by way of merchandize for any foreign parts any wrought plate or manufactures of filver charged by the faid aft with the faid duty of fix pence per ounce9 which was made or marked after the JirJl day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and giving fufficient fecurity before tbi /hipping thereof for exportation, that such plate or manufactures of fiiuerjhall not be re-landed or brought again into Great Britain, and making oath or affirmation that the fame was actually made or marked after the faid firjl day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty; every Juch person jball be paid a drawback or allowance of fix pence for every ounce qf such plate or manufactures of filver fo exported^ by the collector or receiver, or by the commiffioners of the faid duty on plate in manner by the faid aCt dir eft ed: and whereas by virtue or under colour of the faid claufe, for giving the faid drawback or allowance, great frauds and abufes have been committed in the faid x duty9 by frequent exportations of very old filver plate out of this king-domt not fit for any ufe but to be melted downy and by drawing back the faid duty offix pence per ounce thereupon: now for the preventing of such frauds and abufes for the future, be it enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the faid twenty No drawback eighth day or May, one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, SdwiofSvw no debenture shall be granted, nor any drawback or allowance pUteabovez whatsoever shall be paid, on the exportation of such plate or years old. manufactures of filver out of this kingdom, in cafe the fame shall have been made seven years or more before the day of the entering of the fame for exportation; any thing in the laid lad-mentioned aCt or any other aCt of parliament to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XI.	And whereas it may be nctejfary to ufe q greater quantity of

foder /





quantity of

304	Anno duodecimo Georgii IJ. c.	tl?39-

fodir in or about one piece of wrought plate mare than another, fo that the fame cannot be afcertained by any general ruley and there being great frauds daily committed by ufing too much foder in or about, or by putting the fame upon wrought platey and there cannot be any 1	certain	rule	prefcribed for the forwardnefs in the workmanjhip that

every particular piece of plate ought to be of before it shall be marked^ Warden* to ** lt therefore enadled by the authority aforesaid, That from determine the and after the faid twenty eighth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, it shall and may be lawful to and for *ny warden or deputy warden of the faid company of goldfmiths in London, or to and for any warden or affayer of York, Exeter, Brijiol, Chefler, Norwich, and Newcajlle upon Tyne (fuch warden, deputy warden, or affayer, being or having been a working gold-fmith or filverfmith) to adjudge, order, and determine what foder is neceffary in or about every piece of plate which shall be brought or fent to the faid aflay-onices to be affayed or marked, and how forward in the workmanfhip thereof the fame ought to be, and Whether all the pieces are put or affixed together, or not, which are intended to be put or affixed together, on his or their feeing the fame; and when such warden, deputy warden, wardens, or affayers, or any of them, shall adjudge any piece or parcel of plate to be too much charged witli foder, br not forward enough In the workmanfhip thereof, or the pieces not put or affixed together, that (as he or they think) are intended to be put or affixed together, or that any such piece of plat; is uncapable of being marked as aforesaid, he or they shall and may refiife to permit the fame to be affayed or marked for any of the caufes aforesaid.

, XII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That every person who shall think him or herfelf any way aggrieved, prejudiced, or damaged by any judgment, order, or determination of any such warden or deputy warden of the faid company of goldfmiths in London, purfuant to the powers herein before

!riven, or any of them, may appeal to the other wardens of the aid company for the time being, or any two of them, or to the meeting of the (landing committee of the faid company; and if not fatisfied with the determination of the faid wardens or committee, may appeal from thence to the court of afliftants of the faid company, or may appeal in the first inftance to the faid court of affiftants, by writing under his or her hand, defiring their order or judgment thereupon, who upon such complaint, on hearing the caie, are hereby refpedlively authorized and required to determine the fame j but the order and determination of the court of affiilants of the faid company shall bq final and conclufive.

XIII.	And whereas the wardens and commonalty of the ntyftery of goldfmiths of the city of London have for many years la/i pad been at very great trouble and expences in ajfaying and marking wrought plate, and the fame hath of late years very much increa/ed, by their ajfaying and marking several forts offmall wares of gold atui fther, which were not bei etofere u/ually affayed and marked, and of which

there

Appeal from thpm.

V





*739*] Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c.2fo	505

there are much greater quantities now made than were heretofore made ; therefore for the better enabling the faid company to defray such expences for the future, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the faid twenty eighth day of p^cc.f f°r ***• Mayy one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, it shall and	plate

may be lawful to and for the faid wardens and commonalty, and	P

their fucceflors, or such person or persons as the court of aflift-ants- of the faid company shall authorize and appoint, to a(k* demand, take, and receive of and from all and every such person and persons as shall from time to time bring or fend to the aflay-office belonging to the faid company, any piece or parcel of wrought plate of gold or filver to be aflayed, tried, and marked* such prices. Turns of money, or rewards, as they shall from time to time think fit, fo as such prices, fums of money, or rewards, do not exceed the several and refpe&ive prices, fums of money, and rewards following ; that is to fay, for aflaying, trying, and marking; gold watch cafes or gold watch boxes, ten pence apiece; for gold hooks for watch chains, ten pence apiece; for gold buckles, five pence apiece; for gold fnuff boxes, fifteen pence apiece; for every other piece or parcel of wrought gold, weighing thirty ounces, or under, two (hillings and fix pence; for such piece or parcel of wrought gold weighing above thirty ounces to fifty ounces, three (hillings and nine pence; and fo in proportion for greater pieces or parcels.

XIV.	Provided nevertheiefs. That if any parcel or (ingle piece of wrought gold shall be brought or fent to the faid office to be aflayed, which according to the rates or prices above limited shall not amount to the sum of fifteen pence; that then there shall be paid for allaying and marking such parcel or (ingle piece pf wrought gold, a price or reward not exceeding fifteen pence; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithfianding.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid*

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid wardens and commonalty, and their fucceflors, or for such person or persons as the court of afliftants of the faid company shall authorize and appoint, to a(k, demand, take, and receive of and from all and every person and persons who shall from time to time, after the faid twenty eighth day of May> one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, bring or fend to the faid aflay-office any piece or parcel of large filver plate weighing four pound weight Troy* or lefs, for the aflaying and marking every such piece or parcel, a fum of, money or reward not exceeding five pence; and for every piece or parcel of such plate weighing, above four pound weight Troy, there (Jiall be taken out and detained, a diet not exceeding ten grains per pound weight Troy: and the faid wardens and commonalty, and their fucceflors, and such person or persons as the court of afliftants of the faid company shall authorize and appoint, shall and may, and they are hereby im-powered to afk, demand, take, ana receive for aflaying, trying, and. marking the several (mall wares of filver following, of and ' Vol. XVII,	X	from



306,	Anno duodecimo GfeORGi! 11. G. *1>< (1739I

from the person and persons, who shall from time to time after the faid twenty eighth day of May, one thousand feVen hundred and thirty nine, bring the fame to the (aid alfey-dflice to be af-feyed and marked, such prices or fums of motley, as they shall from time to time think fit, fo as such prices or fums 6f money do not exceed the prices or fums of money fofldwing; that is to fay, for every fword-hilt, five pence ; for every fnuff-box, three pence three farthings; for every pair of fpttrs, three pence three farthings; for every watch-cafe, or Watch-box, two pence halfpenny ; for every knife or fork-haft, five farthings; for every pair of buckles, one halfpenny; for every pair of tea-tongs, five farthings; for every dozen of tea-fpoons or tea-ftrainers, three pence three farthings; for belt-buckles, bcit-ldcks, runners, and pendants two pence halfpenny apiece; for every orange-drainer, or tiutmeg-grater, five farthings ; for every dram-cup, three farthings ; tor every dozen of feals, three pence three farthings; for every falt-cellar, five farthings; for every pair of dafps, three farthings; and for every dozen of buttons, three pence three farthings.

XVI.	Provided nevertheless. That if any parcel or fingle piece of wrought filver plate shall be brought or fent to the faid office to be aflayed, which according to the rc£pe&ive rates or prices herein before limited shall not amount to the (urn of five pence; then there shall be paid for aflaying and marking such parcel or fingle piece of filver plate, a ftim of money or reward not exceeding five pence; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

Penalty on re. XVII. Provided always, and It is hereby ena&ed and declar-fufing to pajr ed. That if any person or persons shall refufe or negleft to pay tb* pucesot such rcfpe&jve prices, fums of money, dr rewards, as may by a ayi»g, c. t^js a# fce demanded, and are hereby refpedively required to be paid on account or for the purpdfes aforesaid ; that then it (haH be lawful for any warden or deputy-warden of the (aid company for the time being, to refufe tb aflay, try, or mark all or any of ‘the plate of such person or persons fo degle&ing to pay, until such prices, fums of money, or rewards as aforesaid, shall be 'actually paid.

The fame pn- XVIII. Provided alfo,andit is hereby declared. That it shall atVor^^xe-an<^ may	t0	anc*	f°r	the	aflayers	at	York,	Exeter, Briflol,

•er, &c.* X " Ch*Jlery Norwich ^ and Newcaflle upon Tyne, and every of them 9	' for the time being, to afk, demand, take, and receive the like

Tates or prices refpedively, for aflaying and marking wrought plate of gold or filver,, as the company of goldfiniths in Londen are hereby impowered to receive and take, and shall and may refufe t6 aflay, try, or mark plate, for any defaukof payment. Overulus (if XIX. Provided likewise, and it is hereby enacted and dedar-any) howto That in cafe the faid prices, films of money, or rewards c app ie * hereby given, granted, or allowed, for the aflaying and marking wrought plate, shall raffe more money than mall be fbffi-cicnt to defray the neceflary expences of thefaid refpeftive aflay-offices, then the overplus money, (if any) shall be applied,

from

*739*] Anno duodecimo GeoRGII II. c. 26.	507.

from time to time, in the profecuting offenders against this aCt; and if such profecutions shall not require the whole overplus (if any) that then thefaid prices, fumsof money, or rewards, shall afterwards he lefiened in proportion by the faid refpcCtive com* panies of goMfifriiths ; and they are hereby required to take fo much lefs for the aflaying, trying, and marking wrought plate for the future, as will anfwer the purposes aforesaid only, with* out bringing any profit to any of the faid refpeCtive companies; any thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XX* And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, Aflay-office to That from and after the (aid twenty eighth day of May, one be kept open tboufend seven hundred and thirty nine, the aflay-office of the fro*» 7 till 9 (aid company of goldfrniths in London shall be kept open for the.,n the morn-taking in plate, from seven of the clock in the morning till ninein** * of the clock of the feme morning, every working day or hall day ; and the weigher shall take in the fame, with the notes or memorandums thereof hereby directed to be fent therewith, and he shall weigh and take an account thereof before the fame be allayed, and afterwards weigh the plate back, and deliver the feme to the owner or his order ; and when and as often as the common aflayeror common aflayers, of the faid company, or ftach common afuyer or common aflayers or his and their aflif* tant or afliftants, or any of them (fuch aflayers and afliftants being from time to time appointed by the court of afliftants of the faid company, and fwom truly to execute their refpe&ive offices) or any aflayer at York, Exeter, Briftol, Chefier, Nor-%trieb, or Newcaftle upon Tyne, (ball find and difeover any parcel of plate to be of a coarfec allay than the faid refpeCtive ftan-dards, and shall fo report the fame after three aflays made there* of; then and in every such cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for any warden or deputy-warden of the faid company of gokMmiths in London, or any warden of the company at any of the cities or places aforesaid, to cut, break, and deface, of cmato to be cut, broken, and defaced, such parcel of plate, at any time after three days next after the laft allay made thereof* and not fbbner, uariefe the person who brought or fent the fame defirb it to be broken and delivered to him fooner ; and there shall neverthekfs be paid for the affaying of the fame such rates or prices as ait herein before limited for aflaying and marking, aaif such parcel of plate had been really marked.

XXI.	And* be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid,' penalty on not That from and after the faid twenty eighth day of May, one entering new thoufend seven hundred and thirty nine, all and every perfonmar*s>

«md persons, who (ball work or make, or caufe to be wrought or made, any gold or filver veflel, plate, or manufacture of gold or fdver whatsoever, within that part of Great Britain called England, fh*U first enter his, her, and their new marks, names, and places of abode, in the (aid aflay-office of the faid company of gokbmkhs in London, or in the aflay-office at York,

Exeter, BrijblyCbefter, Norwich, or Newcaftle upon Tyne \ which new marks shall be of a character or alphabet different from

X a	their

308	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii	II. c. 26.	[1739.

their old marks ; and all his, her, and their old marks, if tie (he, or they have any, shall be broken or defaced by or in the prefence ot the affayer ; on pain that every petfon and persons offending therein, shall for every or any of the faid offences for-. feit and pay the sum of ten pounds, and the further fum of ten pounds for ufing any other mark, to be recovered and difpofed of as herein after is mentioned, and for default of payment shall be committed by the court, in which judgment (hail be given thereon, to the houfe of correftion for the county, city, or liberty where convifted, there to remain and be kept to bard Ia-: bour for any time not exceeding the space of fix months, or '	until	payment	be	made	of	the	faid forfeiture.

Forfeitures XXII. And for the better recovery of the several penalties coveredbC	anc* forfe°ures impofed by this aft ; be it cnafted by the au-

thority aforesaid, That the faid penalties and forfeitures, and and every of them, shall and may be recovered, with foil co(W of fuit, by aftion, bill, plaint, or information, in >ahy-of hit  Majesty’s courts of record, at IVeflminfter^ in which aftion* or fuits the defendants shall give or put in fpecial bail; and whdre-in no efloin, protection, or wager1 of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed ; and one moiety of the faid penalties and forfeitures, and every of them, shall go to the ufe^ of his Majesty his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the person who shall fue for the fame.

Limitation of XXIII. And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That actions. if any aftjon or fujt shall be brought or commenced against tho faid wardens and commonalty, or against any of the wardens of the faid refpeftive companies, at the cities or places aforesaid, or any of their officers, or any other person or persons, for any thing done in purfuance of this present aft, or in relation to the premiffes, that in every such cafe the aftion or fuit (hail:be brought or commenced before the end of the next term after the faft committed, and not afterwards ; and shall be laid and brought in the county, city, town, or place where the aflay-office is or shall be kept whofe officer or officers shall be complained of, and not elfewhere ; and the defendant or defendants in such aftion or aftions, fuit or fuits to be brought or com-General iffue. nienced may plead the general iffue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this present aft : and if it shall appear fo to oe done, or if any such aftion or fuit shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame or shall bebrought in any other county, city, or place, than aforesaid, that then and in such cafe the jury shall find forthe defendant or defendants; and upon such verdift* or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuited, or difcon-tinue his, her, or their aftion or aftions, or if a verdift shall pafs against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if Upon demurrer judg-Trcble cods. 111601 Chall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs ; thedefcn^ dant or defendants shall and may recover treble cods* and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fait in other cafes by law.

XXIV. And



1739*]	•	Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 27.	jcg

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Publick aft. 'That this aft shall be deemed and taken to be a publick aft, and be judicially taken notice of as ‘fuch by all judges, juftices, and other persons whatsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXVII.

 An act for explaining and amending an act made in the eighth year of the reign of King Richard the Second, intituled,

No man of law shall be juftice of afiize or gaol delivery in his own country \ and another aft made in the thirty third year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled^ An aft that none shall be juftice of alfize in his own country, &c.

WHEREAS by an a ft made in tbe eighth year of the reign Preamble, re.

af King Richard the Second, intituled. No man of law citing the aft« shall be juftice of afiize or gaol delivery in his own country ; it 8 &ic» 2. c. a. is enafted, That no man of law shall from thenceforth be juftice of af-fixe, or of the common deliverance of gaols, in his own country : and a whereas by an act made in the thirty third year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An aft that none shall be juftice of ancj	Hen.

aflize in his own country, £$V. it is amongft other things enafted, 8. c. 24.

That no juftice nor other man learned in the law of this realm shall ufe or exerctfe the office,of juftice of afftze within any county where the faid juftice was bom or doth inhabit, upon pain to forfeit for every offence done contrary to the faid aft, one hundred pounds: and whereas such afts have been conftrued to extend, not only to juftices of afftze and juftices of gaol delivery, but also to juftices of nifi prius, and juftices of Oyer and terminer $ which conftruftion hath been attended with very great inconveniencies 3 for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it shall and may be lawful from time to time and at all timfcs hereafter, to and for the chiefjuftice and juftices Judges im-of either bench, and to and for the chief baron, and other ba- j^Wa*^udgCS rons of the court of Exchequer, and to and for any other person of gaol dehor persons learned in the law, who shall be appointed juftice or very, &c. in juftices of Oyer and Terminer or gaol delivery in any county 0r their own counties within that part of Great Britain called England', to ufe countnes* andexercife the office or offices of juftice or juftices of Oyer and Terminer at gaol delivery, in-any such county or counties, not-yvithftanding they or any of them shall have been bom or do inhabit within any such county or counties, and that they shall not be liable for fo doing to the faid penalty or forfeiture of one hundred pounds, or to any other forfeiture or penalty whatsoever any thing in the faid recited afts, or either of them, or any other law, cufto#)> or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

X3	CAP.



310	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii	II.	c.

CAP. XXVIII.

 An act for the more effeftualpreventing of cxcefjive and deceitful gaming.

Preamble re- XT7HE REAS in and by an aft ofparliament made ahd pqffied in citing the a&s • YY the tenth and eleventh yean of the reign of his late majefiy t°c i .lX W' K*nS William the third, intituled,  An act for fuppreffing of lot-7% teries; after reciting, that for divert years before making the find 08 »	feveral	evil-difpofcd per font had fet up many unlawful games called

Lotteries, not only in the city of London and Westminster and in the Juhurbs thereof but in mojl of the ancient totems and places in England and the dominion of Wales ; and had thereby mojl un-jujlly and fraudulently gotten to themselves great fums of moneyfrom the children andfervent s of several gentlemen > traders, and merchants, and from other unwary persons, to the utter ruin and imfioveri/hmeut of many families, it is declared and enabled, That all such lotteries, and all other lotteries, are common and publick nuifances: and where* as in order to fupprefs all such lotteries, it is in and by the find fa* x	tute enabled and declared,	That from and after the twenty ninth day

of December, which fbcdlbe in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred and ninety nine, no person or persons tvhat/oever /ball puMci-fy or privately, exercife, keep open, Jhew, or expofe to be played at, drawn, or thrown at, or Jhall draw, play, cr thtow at any such lottery ^ or other lotteries, either by di(e, lots, cardsy balls, or any other number or figures, or any other way whatsoever, under such penalties as in the faid aft are mentioned and fet forth ; which faidftatnte is 9 Ann. c. 6. enforced by an aft of parliament made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majefiy Queen Anne, intituled, An act for reviving, continuing, and appropriating certain duties upon several commodities to be exported, ana certain duties upon coals to lie waterbom and carried coaftwife ; and for granting further duties upon candles for thirty two years ; to raife fifteen hundred thousand pounds by way of a lottery, for the Service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eleven ; and for fuppreffing such unlawful lotteries, and such infurance-offices as are therein mentioned: and whereas in and by one other aft of parliament made and paffed in the eighth year of the reign of his late majefy King g c. a. George the Firjt, intituled,  An act for continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, to raife money by way of a lottery, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and twenty two ; and for transferring the deficiencies of a late malt aft to the land tax for the faid year ; and for giving time for inferring the money given with apprentices in their indentures ; and touching loft bills, tickets, or Orders ; and for exchanging the tickets in the exchequer for certificates ; and for fuppreffing lotteries denominated fales, and other private lotteries ; and for enlarging the time for the accountant general of the bank of England to return duplicates of annuities into the exchequer ; it is Enabled, That all and every person or perfects, who *	after	the	twenty firjl day of December, in the year of our Lard one

thou-

 UooQle

17$9']	Anna duodecimo Georgii II. c* 28.

thonfand faven hundred and twenty one,	ereil, fet up, continue,

or keep, or Jhall caufe or procure to be trebled, fet up, continued, or kept, any office or place, under the denomination offates, of houfes, lands odvmfons, presentations to livings, platev jewels, /hips, goods, or ether things, for the improvement of fmqll fums of money, or /haltfell, cr expqfe to/ale any houfes, lands', advowjons, presentations to livings, plate, jewels, jhips, goods, or other things, by way of lottery, or by lots, tickets, members, or figures ; or Jhall make, print, advertife, or pybli/b, or cau/e to be made, printed, advertifed, or pubh/hed, propofals or fchemes for advancing /mail fums of money by several perv Jans, amounting in the whole to large fums, to be divided among them by the chances of the prizes in fame publick lottery or lotteries efiahh/h-ed or allowed by ad of parliament; or Jhall deliver out, or caufe or procure to be delivered out, tickets to the perfans advancing such fums to entitle them to a /bare of the money fa advanced, according to such propofals or fchemes: or /ball make, print, or publi/b, or caufe to be made, printed, or publi/hed any propofol or febeme of the like kind or nature under any denomination, name, or title whatfaever, and /hall be thereof convicted upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnejfas, by two or more juftices of the peace of the county, divifion, or liberty where such offence Jhall be committed, or the offender jhall be found, which oath Juch juftices of the peace are here* by impowered and required to adminijler j the per fan fa convided/ball, for every such offence, over and above any former penalties infilled by any former aft or aCls ofParliament made against any private or un* lawful lotteries, forfeit too fum of five hundred pounds, one third part thereof to bis Majtfty, his heirs and fuccejfors, and one other third part thereof to the informer, and the remaining third part thereof to the poor of the pari/h where such offence Jhall be committed; the fame to be levied by dijlrefs and jale.of the offenders goods, by war-rant under the hands and foals offuch juftices, before whom such offender Jhall be conviffedas afortfaid \ and /ball alfa for every such of fence, by such juftices be committed to the county gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the space of one whole year, and from thence till the sum of five hundred pounds fo forfeited as aforesaid,Jba\l be fully paid and fatisfied: provided neverthlefs, that any per fan wbq /ball think himfalf or herfalf aggrieved by the judgment or determination of two or more such juftices in any the cafes aforesaid, Jhall have liberty to appeal to the next quarter fefftons to be held for the county, city, or place where j'uch judgment or determination /ball be made or given ; and that the judgment to be given by the juftices of the faii next quarter foffions Jhall be final: and whereas it is found by experience, that the Jaid good and wholefame laws have not effectually cn-fwered the good ends, intents, and purpofos, in and by the fold aCls deft gned ; but that contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faii recited aCls, several deceitful games andfubferiptions are daily carried on under the denomination of fates of houfes, lands, plate, jewels, goods, and other things ; and that several printers have printed, publi/hed, or caufe to be printed, and publj/hed, propofals or fchemes for the fate of such houfes, lands, plate, jewels, goods, and other things, $q be determined by raffles, by mathematical machines or engines, and



Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. *8.	[*73$*

by other indirect ways and means, tending to evade the /aid food and wholefome laws before mentioned : and whereas several perjons haw for many years patl carried on and fet up certain fraudulent games and lotteries, to be determined by the chance of cards and dice, under tbt denomination of the games of the ace of hearts, pharaoh, bajfet, and hazard, and thereby defrauded several of his Majeftfs fubjetfs, ignorant of the great difadvantage, adventurers in the faid games and lotteries fo denominated the games of the ace of hearts, pharaoh,■ bajfet, or hazard, are under, fubjeft and liable to : and whereas several doubts have arifen, whether the faid games of the ace of hearts, pharaoh, bajfet, and hazard, are within the deferiptions of the lotteries prohibited by the faid recited alts of parliament: and whereas great difficulties have arifen upon the methods of conviction of the offenders againjl the faid alts of parliament ; for remedy whereof, and for explaining and making more effectual the faid ads of parliament may it pleafe your mol excellent Majesty that it may be ena&* ed ; and be it enaded, by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament affembled, and tool. Penalty by the authority of the fame, That if any person or persons shall on any offence after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hun-againft this drcd and thirty nine, ered, fet up, continue, or keep any office or place, under the denomination of a fale or Tales of hou-fes, land, advowfons, presentations to livings, plate, jewels, fliips, goods, or other things, by way of lottery, ori by lots, tickets, numbers, or figures, cards, of dice; or shall make, print, advertife, or publifh, or caufe to be made, printed, advertized, orpublifhed propofals or fchemesfor advancing fmall fums of money by several persons, amounting in the whole to large fums, to be divided among them by chances of the prizes in tome publick lottery or lotteries eftablifhed or allowed by ad of parliament, or shall deliver out, or caufe or procure to be delivered out, tickets to the persons advancing such fums, to intitle them to a fhare of the money fo advanced, according to such propofals or fchemes; or shall expofe to fale any houfes, lands, advowfons, presentations to livings, plate, jewels, (hips, or other goods, by any game, method, or device whatsoever, depending upon, or to.be determined by any lot or drawing, whether it be out of a box or wheel, or by cards, or dice, or by any machine, engine, or device of chanceof any kind whatsoever ; such person or persons, and every or either of them, (hall, upon being convided thereof before any onejuftice of the peace for anv county, riding, or divifion, or before the mayor, or other juftice or juftices of the peace for any city or townr corporate, upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witr nefs or witnefles (which faid oaths the faid juftices of the peace, gr>d mayor, are hereby authorized, impowered, and required to adminifter) or upon the view of such juftice or juftices, or the mayor, juftice or juftices for any city or town-corporate, or on the confeflion of the party or parties accufed ; shall forfeit and Jofe the sum of two hundred pounds, to be levied by dif-_	trefs

 Looq le

3*3

*739-3 Anno duodecimo GEorgii II. c.ii.

trefs and Jale of the offenders goods, by warrant tinder the hands and feals of one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of such county, riding, divifion, city, or town, where the offence shall be committed ; which (aid forfeitures, when recovered, after deducing the reafonable charges of such profecgtion, shall go tobeJkviwT^ and be applied, one third thereof to the informer, and the re- an(j applied maining two thirds to the ufe of the poor of theiparirtv where such offence shall be committed, excepting the faid:tyyo thirds of such forfeitures which lhall be incurred by, and recovered upon, any person or persons within the city of Bath,/.which faid two thirds shall go and be applied .to and for the ufe and benefit of the poor redding within the hospital or infirmary lately eroded for the benefit of poor persons referring to the faid city for the benefit of the mineral waters, after dedudiog the charges of conyidion as aforesaid,	,,

U. And it is hereby enaded and declared. That the faid games Games fped-of the ace of hearts, pharaoh, baffet, and hazard* are, and are fiedtobewirh-hereby declared to be games or lotteries, by cards or dice with-, in the intent in the intent and meaning of the faid in part recited ads; and °^the that all and every person or persons, who shall fet up, maintain* or keep the faid games of the ace of hearts, pharaoh, bafiet, and hazard, shall be fubjed and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeitures in and by this ad in Aided upon any person or persons, who shall ered, fet up, continue, or keep any of the (aid games or lotteries in this present ad mentioned; and shall be profecuted and convided, and the penalties and forfeitures shall be.feed for and recovered, in like manner as the faid penalties and forfeitures are by this ad direded to be fued for and recovered.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid,

That all and every person and persons, who shall be adventurers on the adven-in any of the faid games, lottery or lotteries, (ale or Tales ; or turers. shall play, fet at, flake, or punt at either of the faid games of the ace of hearts, pharaoh, baffet, and hazard, and shall be thereof convided in such manner and form, as in and by this ad is preferibed ; every such person ox persons shall forfeit and lofe the Turn of fifty pounds, to be fued for and recovered a9 aforesaid.

IV.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore- Sales by lot-faid. That all and every such fale or foies of houfes, lands, ad- teries void* vow Tons, presentations to livings, plate, jewels, (hips, goods,

or other things, by any game, lottery or lotteries, machine, engine, or other device whatsoever, depending upon, or to be determined by chance or lot, shall and are hereby declared to be void to all intents and purposes whatsoever : and all such houfes, lands, advowfons, presentations to livings, plate, jew-els, (hips, goods, or other things, fet up andexpofed to foie in forfwted* manner and form aforesaid, shall be forfeited to such person or persons who shall fue for the fame, by adion, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefly’s courts of record, or at the aflizes for any county where the offence shall be committed; in

which



Anno duodecimo Georgii IL c. a8.	[*739*

which a&ion, bill, plaint, or information, no eftbin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be ai-lowed.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and cna&ed,

cSeved to ap- That if any person or persons shall think him, her, or themfelvcs peal tp the P aggrieved by the judgment or determination of any juftice or quarter-ftf- juftices of the peace, or mayor, as aforesaid, upon any convic-bans*	tion of or for any of the offences in this adt; such person or

persons may appeal from the faid judgment of the faid juftice or juftices, or mayor, to the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the faid county, riding, divifton, city, or place, where such person or persons was or were convidted; but the person and persons fo appealing (hall, and he, (he, and they are hereby directed to give reafonable notice to the profecutoror profecutors ' of such person or persons as shall fo appeal, of such his, her, or their intention or bringing and profecuting such appeal, and shall enter into a recognizance before fome juftices of the peace for the countv, riding, divifton, city, or place wherein the convidtion or judgment was made or given, with two fufficient fure-ties, on condition to try such appeal at the next quarter fedions, which shall be held in and for the county, riding, divifton, city, or place, wherein such convidtion or judgment was made or given, next and immediately after the bringing such appeal $ and every fiich appeal and appeals (hall, by the court at the faid next general quarter feffions, to which such appeal and appeals is or are made, be then examined, and the matter then finally heard Appellant to anc| determined, and not afterwards; and in cafe such judgment, coSsfif judg- d®t®r™nation,or convidtion, as aforesaid, shall be then and there rnentbeaf- affirmed, the party appealing shall pay unto the profecutoror fjjrifecd' profecutors his, her, or their treble cofts; and such profecutor and profecutors shall have such remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in any other Cafes by law.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such convidtion made, or judgment given, as aforesaid, by this adt, shall he fet afide by the faid court of quarter sessions for want of form, in cafe the fadts alledged in the faid convidtion shall be proved to the fatisfadtion cf the (aid court; nor shall such con vision or judgment be removed or re-moveable by Certiorari^ or any other writ or procefs whatsoever, into any of his Majcft/s courts of record at IVeJlminfltr, until such order or other proceedings shall have been first removed to, and judgment and determination given and made thereupon, by such court of quarter sessions as aforesaid.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the autho-record rity aforesaid. That no writ of Certiorari or other procefs (hall

moreable^but *^uc or	to	remove	the	record	of	any	fuch convidtion

upon ioot fe- from the faid court of quarter feffions, or to remove any order eiirity. or other proceedings taken or made by the faid court of quarter sessions upon, touching, or concerning such convidtion, into any of his tyajtfty’s courts of record at fV*JiminJ}ery until the

A	party

Convictions not vacated for want of ionn,&c.





I7<39‘] Anno duodecimo Gborgii II. C; oS.	315

party or patties against whom such conviction shall be made, before the allowance of such w*it of Certiorari or otheriprocefs,

Ihall fold two fofneient Sureties to become bound to the profe-cutor in the fart* of oht hundred pounds, with condition to pro* fecute the fame with effect within fix calendar months, and to pay unto the profecutor or profectitofs his, her, or their treble com and charges, in cafe such order or conviction (hpll be affirmed.	f

VIII.	And it is hereby further enaCted and declared. That if Offenders not any person or persons, who shall be convicted of erecting, letting ablcto pay the up, maintaining, or keeping any of the faid lotteries, pr the (aid

games of the ace of hearts, pharaoh, ballet, or hazard, or there- ““P™00 in>or in either of them shall adventure, and ihall not have fuf-ficient goods and chattels whereon to levy the penalties inflicted by this aCt, or shall not immediately pay the faid penalties, or give fecurity for the feme; it shall and may be lawful for the faid juftice or juftices, before whom fuch; person shall be convicted as aforesaid, to commit such person or persons to the common gaol of the county, riding, diviflon, city, or place where such offence shall be committed, there to continue and remain for any time not exceeding fix months.

IX.	And be it also enaCted, That if any juftice of the peace, penalty on Or any other juftice herein before deferibed, or mayor of any neglect of ju« corporation, shall negieCt or refufe to do what is required of him ftices, or and them by this aCt; such jufticesarid mayors fo neglecting or ma^w* refilling, shall refpeCHvely forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds

for each offence; one moiety whereof to'be paid to any person or persons who shall foe for the fame* and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish or place where such offence shall be committed, and shall be recovered with full cofts of fuit, by aCtion, bill, plaint, or information^ in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record, or at the offize for any county; in which ac-? tkm, bill, plaint, or information, no eflbio, pfoteCtion? or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed; such profccution being commenced within fix months next after foch refufal of such juftices or mayor.

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted and declared, This aCt not That nothing in this aCt, or in any former aCts against gaming*° bllK!crany contained shall extend to prevent or hinder any person or per-

fens from gaming or playing at any of the games in this or in the King re-any of the faid former a&s mentioned within any of his Maje- foies; fty’s royal palaces, where his Majcfty, his heirs or fucceflors shall then refide.

XI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted and nor to affetfc declared. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or beany the right to ways conftrued, deemed, or taken to extend, or in any fort to Sm bv lot C# affieCt or prejudice, any estate or intcreft in, out of, or to any

manors, honours, royalties, land*, tenements, advoWfons, pre-fentations, rents, services, and hereditaments whatsoever, which shall or may at any time or times hereafter be according to the laws now in being legally allotted to, or held by or by means of

any



£l6	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii II; a 29*	[	1739.

any allotment or partition by lots; but that all persons who now are, or that shall hereafter become, really and truly feized as part-owners, joint-tenants, and tenants in common of any manors, ‘honors, royalties, lands, tenements, advowfons, presentations, rents, services, and hereditaments, (hall, and he,

•	(he and they, and his, her and their heirs and affigns is and are

•	hereby made and continued capable to acccept and take fuch

•	eftates and intereft, and parts therein, in such and the like manner, and to such and the like ufes, as he, (he or they might, would or could have done by* or by virtue, or in confequence of any lot, fcroll, chance or allotment whatsoever, had this pre-fent ad never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Li ‘tatio of ^at ^ any ^ult or a<^‘on shall be commenced or profecuted a-aSon$.IOn ° gainft any person or persons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, every such fuit or adion shall be commenced within three calendar months next after the f?d was committed, and not afterwards, and shall tye laid or brought in the county, city or place where the caufe of adion shall arife, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants therein shall and may plead the General iflue. general iflue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at the trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance of or by the authority of this ad; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her or their adion or adions, fuit or fuifs, or if upon demurrer judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs; the Treble cofts. defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble cods, and have like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cods in any other cafes by law.

/3f.l -c ^

CAP. XXIX.

 An act for the more eafy afftjjtngy eollefting and levying of county rates.

\\T HEREAS by an aft pajfed in the twenty fecond year ef ddngtheadi *. the rei&n cf Henry the Eighth, for repairing and a-**Hen. 8. c. 5. wending bridges and highways: and whereas by another aft pajfed in 1 Ann. flat, f, the first year of the reign of her late tnajejly Queen Anne, to explain c« 18.	and	alter	the	faid aft, it is for the more eafy taxing and eollefting the

money for the repair of such bridges and highways thereunto adjoining (amongjl other things) enafted, That the juflices of the peace within the several limits of their commijjions Jhall at their general or quarter fejftons of the peace have full power and authority, upon due present-ment to them made that any bridge within their refpeftive commijjions or authorities is out of repair, and which by them hath ufuaOy, or ought to have been, repaired and maintained, to make ajfejfments upon every town, parijh or place ^ within their refpeftive commijftons for that purpofe, in proportions upon each refpeftive town and parijh, as they ufually have been affejfed towards the repair of bridges; which ajfejj-ments are to be levied and cqlleft/d in the manner preferred by the

2	Jaid

3*7

1739.] Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 29.'

/did aH: and tuber taf by	an act passed in the eleventh and twelfth

years ef the reign of bis late majejiy King William the	to

enable juftices of the peace to build and repair gaols in their rtfped- n & is W. 3. five counties, it is	(amongjl other things) malted. That it	and c- >9*

may be lawful for the'juftices of the peace, or the greater number of them, tuithin the limits of	their commiffions, the

grand jury or grand juries, at the ajfize, great	and	gmeral

gaol delivery, held fir the fame, county, infufficimcy veniencyof their gaol	or prtfon,to conclude and agree upon	fade

or fums of money, as upon 'examination of able and	work-

men	fball be	thought neceffary for the burning, fini/bing and-repairing

apublitk gaol dr gaols, belonging'to the /hireor county whereof they are jvftuesof the peace', and by warrant wider their hands and fealty, or under the hands and feals of the greater number of them, h equal proportions lo-.dijMbute and charge the fum fums of money to be .T ( levied for the Ufa efforefaidupon the ftvtral hundreds, lathes, wa-pentahei,	rapet ward or other d'tvifnn of the faid county, in thrman-

ntrpreftribtdby the find all-, which Jaid all was revived and ^ tinned by an all paffed in the tmth year of the reign of her late

fy Sfuem Anne, for fevm years, and to the mi of the thm next.

Son of parliament, and made perpetual by an all of the fixth year the reign of his late majestyKing George the Fir ft: and whereat an all pajfed in the fevmth year of the reign of King James the 7	1.	c.	4.

Fit ft,for the due execution of divers laws	hefetofitk

made againfl-rogues. Vagabonds and fturdy beggars, and other lewd and idle	persons, ft is	{-amongjlother things) mailed. That there /had

be	erelltd,built or otherwise provided, within every county of this

realm of England and Wales, where there is not one home of reH 'ton already built, provided or continued, one or more fit and -tlenient houftor boufes of correlllon, by the juftices of the peace, or the more-part of	them,at their	refpeHive quarter and that

the mafier or governors of the faid houfes of corrtHion /ball have fums	of money yearly, as /hall be thought meet by the faid. juftices}

the fame to be paid quarterly beforehand, by the treafurers appointed by an all made in the three and fortieth year of the late ^tteen El tXr-ibeth, intituled. An adt for the relief1 of the poorj which faid 43 EUz‘ c‘ all was-jo continue for fevm years, and ti the next /ef fion of parliament,and was further continued by an all pajfed in the third year of the reign of King Charles the First, intituled. An act for the continuance'and repeal of divers ftatutes, unto the end tf the first session of the next parliament;and by-an all paffed in the	’\-

fmtemth year of the fame reign continued in force, until repealed bj feme other all of	parliament: and whereas by an alt pajfed in the

forty third year of the reign-of Quern Elizabeth, intituled. An act for the relief of the poor, itts (amongft other things) enaHei,

That the juftices of the peace of every county or place corporate, or the more part of them, in their general sessions to be holden next after the feaft of Eafter, and fo yearly, os oftm as they Jhall think, meet, Jhall rate every parijh to such a weekly sum of money as they

fball think convenient,fias no pari/b to rated above the sum of fix	\	•

pence, nor under the fm of aft halfpenny, weekly to be paid, and	<	-	•>

Digitized

i by 

318	Anno	duodecimo GEOKGrfl UL	£*729*

'	fo	as the total fum of each taxation of the parijbes in every county

amount not to above the rate of two pence for every parijh within , the faid county; and it is thereby like wife enabled, That the jujhces of the peace at their general quarter fejfms to be holjcn at the time of fuel? taxation jhall fet down what competent fume of money Jhall ' be fent quarterly^ nut of every county or place corporate, for the relief of the poor prisoners of the King’s bench*?**/ M*r(halfea; and also of such hofpitals and alms-houfes as jhall be in the faid .county, and what funis of money Jhall be fent to every one of tfo faid hofpitals and alms-houfes; fo as there be J}nt out of every county yearly twenty fallings at the leaf to each of the faid prijons of the King’s .bench and Marfhalfea; which fums are rateably to be ajjeffed upon every par if, and to be levied and colleftcd as in and by the faid aft is di* re hied: and whereas by an act faffed in the fourteenth year of the.

i	Eliz c	9f ^a:cn Elizabeth, intituled, An aft how vagabonds (hall

4	1Z*	' 5‘ be punished, awl the poor relived; // is enabled. That the jujlica

of tloe peace of every county, or the more part of them, in their ge~ neral quarter feffions, Jhall rate every parijh at such reafotiable fums of money, for the relief of prisoners, as they Jhall think convenient, fo as no parijh be rated above fix pence or eight pence weekly ; and the churchwardens of every parijh Jhall levy the fame every Sunday, and once in every quarter pay the faid fums to the high conjlablcs or ether head officers; and the faid high confiables and head officers Jhall fay the money received of the faid churchwardens to such ptrfon as Jhall be appointed by the Jaid jujhces in feffions, to be by them diftri-buted weekly for the relief of prisoners; Jo much of which faid aft as relates to the taxing, levying, receiving, and employing of gaol money, was revived and continued to the end of the then next session of parliament, by an aft paffied in the first year of the reign of King James the First, intituled.  An act for continuing and reviving of divers ftatutes, and for repealing of fome others*, and was further continued by an aft paffied in the twenty first year of the reign of the faid KingJames, intituled.  An act for continuing and reviving of divers ftatutes, and repeal of divers others; and was further continued to the end of the next feffiion of parliament, by an aft paffied in the third year of the reign of King Charles the Firjl, intituled,

 An act for the repeal and continuance of divers ftatutes; and by an aft paffied in the fixteenth year of the fame reign, was continued in force, until repealed by fome otfar aft of parliament: and whereas by an aft paffied in the nineteenth year of the reign of King Charles

i^Car.2. c. 4.the Second, intituled.  An act for relief of poor prisoners, and fet-ting them on work, it is (amongfi other things) enabled. That the juft ices of the peace at their general feffions, or the major part of them, if they think fit, may provide a flock of materials for fetting poor prisoners on work, in such manner and by such ways as other county charges are levied and raifed, and provide and pay fit persons to overfee such work, and make such orders concerning the premiffes, as they from time to time Jhall think fit, provided that no parijh be rated a-bave fix pence by the week towards the premiffes: and whereas by an

ii Ann ft at.	Paffied in the twelfth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queers

c. 23. u "Anne, for reducing 'the laws relating to rogues, Jlurdy beggars, an|

 CaOOQle

2739-] Anno duodecimo Georoti II. C. 29.	$19

vagrants, inf a ant aft af parliament*	for the mare effectual pu-

niflnng fuck rogues* vagabonds* jUitdy beggars* and vagrants* and fending them whither they ought to be font-, it is (amongjl other things) iriafted* That the juftices of the pease at their quarter feffms may from time to time, zvhen need Jhall be* by such ways and means as monies for county gaols or bridges may be raifed* caufe such Jims of money to be raised within their refpeCtfve preciuCts and jurifdic liens* for the paffmg and conveying or maintaining tf rogues and va± gabonds, as Jhall be tieceffary for thefe purpofes** which faii fevered rates* when collected, are to be faid, by virtue of the faii fevered cCts* into the hands of treafurers or receivers to be appointed by the jujlices at their refpeCtive general or qu rter fejjhns of the peace* and to be accounted for, as in and by the /aid several refpeftive afts art recited: and whereas it is apparent that the manner and methods pre-feribed by the faid several afts for collefting fome of the faid rates are impracticable, the fums charged on each parijh in tin refpeftive divifions being fo J)mall, that they do not by an squat pound rate amount to more than a fractional part of a farthing in the pound on the several persons thereby ratable; and if poffible to have been rated* the expence of ajfeffing and collecting the fame would have amounted to more than the Jum rated: and whereas many and great doubts* difficulties and mconvenienaes have arifen in making and collecting other of the faid rates $ therefore that the good ends and purposes of the faid several ftatotes may be anfwered, and the several fums af money thereby intended to be raised may cflfedtually be collected, with as much eafe and certainty, and as little eapcnce as can be to the parties obliged by the faid laws to pay the fame 3 be it therefore enacted by the King's m&ft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpifituai and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the first day After t Se tm of September* one thonfagd seven hundred and thirty nine, the 1739, juiticci juftices of the peace in that part of Gredt Britain called England* to make from within the refpedtive limits of their commiflions, at their ge^ time to time neral or quarter feflions, or the greater part of them then and ajfeflment there affembled, shall have full power and authority, from time inttead of* the to time, to make one general rate or afleflment for fudi fura or several rates fums of money as they in their diferetions shall think fufiicient appointed by to anfwer all and every the ends and purpofea of the before re- fevcral atts> oited adts, inftead and in lieu of the several feparate and diftindt rates directed thereby to be made, levied and colledted 5 which l*te shall be aflefled upon every town, parish or place within the refpeftive limits of their cotntniflions, in such proportions as any ^ of the rates heretofore made in purfuanee of the laid several adts 'have been ufiialty aflefled; and the several and refpedtive fums fo aflefled upon each and every toton, parifti or place within the tefpedfcive limits of their commiffions, shall be colledtcd by the high conftables of the vefpedtive hundreds and diviflons, in which any town, parifli or place doth lit, in such matinee, and IK such times, at \t herein after dire^ed.

JI, And,

6



gfto	Anno	dqodecimo Georgii II. c>2<j.	[1739.

II. And, that *the refpedHve fum or fums fo to be afiefted and collected may be well, apd truly paid to the refpedtive high conAables, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to be paid out That the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor for the time rate^of^evei*S ^eing ^ each an^ every parifti and place within the refpe&ive parilh toThe counties, cities and liberties, in which they refpedtively lie, highconftable,ihall and they are hereby required, out of the money colle&ed or to be colledted for the relief of the poor of such parish or place, to pay to the high conftables of the refpedive hundreds or divifions of the faid counties, cities and liberties, the refpcc-tive fum or fums of money fo feted and affefled upon such pa-rifh or place, within the Jfpace of thirty days after demand •thereof made in writing, to be given to the faid churchwardens or overfeers of the poor, or any of them, or left at their or either of their dwelling-houfe or houfes, or affixed on any of the church doors of such parifti or place to which such officer shall belong, by the faid high conftable or high conftables of the refpe<3ive hundreds or divifions; which demand the refpe&ive high conftable or high conftables is and are hereby required to make, at .fuch times as the faid juftices of the peace, or the greater part of them, shall by their order in sessions direct; and the receipt or receipts of such high conftable or high conftables ihall be a full and fufficient difcharge to such churchwardens .and overfeers of the poor, or other person paying the fame, end shall be allowed in their accounts as such by the juftices of or to be le- .the peace before whom such accounts shall be pafled: and in b n r Cm ,ca®5 churchwardens and overfeers of the poor or any of y itres. them, shall negledt or refufe to pay any the fum or fums of money .hereby affefled, after ,demand made as aforesaid; such .high .conftable or high conftables shall and they are hereby im-powered to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of .the goods and chattels, of such Church ww-dtns and overfeers or ejther of them fo refufing or neglecting to pay the fame as aforesaid, by warrant under the hands ai)d(fe4s of .two or more juftices of the peace of the County, ridings diyifion, city, town-corporate, liberty, or place, refiding in or near such par,i(h or place; rendering the overplus, if any there shall be, after deducing the money affefled, and the charges of the diftrefs and fate, to the owner or owners thereof.

Where there III. Provided nevertheless, and be it enadled by the author the^et rity afQrefa*d, That in cafe no rate is or shall be made for.the ty conftable0of rehef of thejpoor in any parifti, townftiip,or place; the juftices the pi ace to le- of the peace in their refpedtfve general or quarter feffions, or vy and pay the the greater part of them then .and there afiembled, shall apd county rate. may by their order diredt the sum of. money aflefTed on such parifti, townftiip,. or place, for the purposes of this adt, to be rated and levied .'on any such parifti, townftiip, or place, by any petty Conftable,.or .other, peace officer, of cr belonging to the fame, in such manner as money for the Relief of the popr is by law to be rated or levied; which fum,fo rated and levied shall be paid by such petty conftable or other peace officer to

 boogie

*739-1 Anno duodecimo GeqRgii II. c. 29.	321

the refpeftive high conftable for the hundred, divifion, or liberty, wherein such parish, townftiip, or place shall lie; and shall be demanded of, paid by, or levied on such petty conftable or other peace officer, in the fame maoner as any rates are herein before directed to be demanded of, paid by, and levied on the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, or anv of them; and if such petty conftable or other peace officer shall pay such fum, before the fame shall be fo by him rated and levied as aforesaid, he may afterwards rate and levy the fame, or shall and may be allowed and reimburfed the faid fum of mo* ney out of any conftables or other rate made or to be made on any such parilh, townftiip, or place, which the faid juftices of the peace or the greater part of them in their sessions shall order and dired.

IV.	And whereas it will be very inconvenient to many towns, pa+ rijbesj and places, in the several counties of York, Derby, Dur- % ham, Lancafter, Chefter, Weftmorland, (Jumberland, and Northumberland, that the rates by this aft directed to be paid by and levied on the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor for the pur-pofes aforesaid, jfhould be paid out of any rate to be made for the re-lief of the poor in fucb towns, panjhes9 and places; be it therefore

enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Counties ex-lawful to and for the juftices of the peace for the refpedive cepted from ridings, divifions, or counties of York, Derby9 Durham, Lan- paying the eajlcr, Cbejhr, IVtjhnorhnd, Cumberland, and Northumberland,	^

at their refpcdive general or quarter feffions, or the greater p^0i°s ra'te# part of them then and there aftembled, if they shall think convenient,' to order the sum of money direded to be affeiled on any such town, parilh, or place, for all or any of the purposes of this ad, to be paid by and levied on the petty conftable of or for any such town, parish, or place within the faid counties reipedively, in such manner as the fame is herein di-reded to be paid and levied, in caies where no rate is made for the relief of the poor ; any thing herein contained, or any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	Provided always, and he it enaded by the authority a- Provifo, in fa. forefaid, That this ad, or anything herein contained, (hallvourofplaces not extend or be conftrued to e xtend to make any persons, li*. heretofore not berties, divifions, or places liable to pay to any rate to be madeP^8n8county in purfuance of this ad, to which such perfon, liberty, divi-raes*

lion, or place did not, or was not liable to contribute before the parting hereof; but that it shall and may be lawful to and for the juftices of the peace at their refpedive general or quarter feffions, or the greater part of them then and there affem-bled, to order and ascertain what proportion of any rate lo be made by virtue of this ad shall be a Hefted on and paid by the several persons, liberties, divifions, and places, who have ufually contributed, or are liable to pay only to one or more of, and not to all the rates hereby intended to be raifed, and thrown into one general rate or afteftment.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, u*h confta-

Voi. XVII.	Y	That	ble*	to	pay	the



3«

monies to the treafurers appointed by the

Suarter fcf-ons,

I

s

Qfi.dC-

' 3

and they to whom foe ver the juftices shall dired.

Treafurers to keep books of entries,

and to account upon oath.

High* con (la • bits charge.

Anno duodecimo Geqrqii II. c# 29.	[1739^.

Thai the refpedive high cqnft^bles (hall, and they are hereby required, at or before the pe*t general or quarter feflioos re-foedively after they qr any of them shall have received such lum or fums of money, to pay the fame into the hands of such person qr perfQns (being reudent in any such county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or place, where such rates shall be respectively made) whom the faid juftices (haU at their refpedive general or quarter feflions, or the greater part of them theq and there afTembled, appoint to be the treafurer or treafurers (which treafurer or treafurers they are hereby authorized and impowered to nominate and appoint) such treafurer or treafurers first giving foflicient fecurity in such fums as shall be approved of by the laid juftices at their refpedive general or quarter feflions, or the greater part of them then and there afc (embled, to be accountable for the several and refpedive fums of money which shall be refpedively paid to them in purfuance of this ad, and to pay such fum or turns of money as shall be ordered to be paid by the juftices in their general or quarter feflions, and for the due and faithful execution of the trufts repofed in him or them; and all ancTevery luch (um or fums ot money as Thall be paid into his or their hands by virtue of and in purfuance of tnis a,61, shall be deemed and taken to be the publick (lock; and the faid treafurer or treafurers shall and are hereby required lo pay fo much of the money in their hands, to such person and persons as the faid juftices at their refpedive general or quarter feflions, or the greater part of them then and there afleinbled, shall by their orders from time to time dired and appoint, for the ufes and purposes of the faid recited ads, and for any other ufes and purposes to which the publick (lock of any county, city, riding, divifion, or liberty, is or shall be applicable by law.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That th$ faid refpedive treafurer or treafurers shall and are hereby required to keep books of entries of the several fums refpedively received and paid by him or them in purfuance o£ this ad; and is and are also hereby required to deliver in true and exad accounts upon oath if required (which oath the faid juftices at their refpedive general or quarter feflions are hereby impowered to adminifter) of all and every the fum and fums of money refpedively received and paid by him or them, diftinguilhing the particular ufes to which such fum or fums of money have been applied, to the juftices at every general or quarter feflions refpedively to be holden within the limits of their commiflions; and shall lay before the juftices at such feflions the proper vouchers for the fame.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforelaid. That the refpedive high conftables (ball and they are hereby required to demand and levy such rates and afleflments in manner before direded, and shall account for the fame before the faid juftices at their refpedive general or quarter feflions, if thereunto required* in the like manner as tlie faid treafurer or

trea-





i>39*] Anno duodecimo Ge6*rgti H. C.59.	233

treafurers is and are hereby directed to accountj arid in cafe Penaltyon dc* such high conftables, or any of them, shall negleft or refufe (0 ^ault* to demand, levy, or account, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid juftices, at their refpeftive general or cmar-ter feflions, or the greater part of them then and there auem-bled; to commit such high conftable or high conftables to the comtrion gaol of the county, riding, divifion, city, town corporate, liberty, or place, there to remain without bail or main-prize, until he or they shall have caufed such rates or affeff-ments to be demaridea and levied ; and shall have rendered a true account or accounts in the manner hereby direfted; and in cafe it shall appear by such account or accounts, that any fum or fums of money is or are remaining in his or their hands, which he or they shall have received of the refpeftive Churchwardens and overleers, or other persons, which ought to have been paid to the refpeftive treafurer or treafurers at the time or times limited by this aft, or of the refpeftive treafurer or treafurers, in order to be applied to the purposes aforesaid; and if he or they shall neglect or refufe to pay the fame Over into the hands of the refpeftive treafurer or treafurers, or btherwife, if thereunto required by order of the faid juftices at their refpeftive general or quarter feflions, or the greater part of them then and there auembled; then it shall and may be lawful for the faid juftices at such their general cr quarter fef-fions, or the greater part of them then and there aflembled, to Commit such high-conftable or high-conftables to the common gaol of the county, riding, divifion, city, town-corporate, liberty, or place, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he or they shall have made full payment of the fum or fums of money that shall appear to be due on such account or accounts; and all the accounts and vouchers of the faid trea- youcjwr| ^ fUreri and high-conftables (hall, after having been pafled by bekeotambtig the faia juftices at their refpeftive general or quarter feflions, be the recordto? depofited with the clerk of the peace for the time being, of each theoounty, county refpeftively, or the town-clerk, high-bailiff, or chief officer of any city, town-corporate, or liberty, who is and are hereby required to keep them among the records of such county, city, town-corporate, or liberty, to be infpefted from time to time bv any of the faid juftices, within the limits of their com-mifllons, as occafion shall require, without fee or reward.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^at {^1 be That the receipts of such refpeftive treafurer or treafurers shall their refpec-be fufRciCnt difeharges to all high-conftables; and the difeharges tivedifeharge. of the faid juftices of the peace, or the greater part df them, by

their orders made at their refpeftive general or quarter feflions to such treafurer or treafurers, shall be deemed and allowed as good and fufficient releafes, acquittances, or difeharges, in any court of law or equity to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The condition no new rates shall be made until it shall appear to the faid juftices on *hich

at their refpeftive general or quarter feflions, of the greater

 LjOoq le

3»4

Treafurer to be continued or removed at the will of the quarter ieflions.

Partftiea overrated, to appeal to the laid

K&ODS,

No repairs of bridges. See. but upon pre-ientments of the grand jury.

Ju dices tocon-tra& with per-fons for pub-lick repairs,

Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 29.	[1739.

part of them then and there aflembled, by the accounts of their refpedtive treafurer or treafurers or otherwise, that three fourths of the money collected by virtue of the preceding rate have been expended for the ufes and purposes aforesaid.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid juftices of the peace at their refpeftive general or quartet feflions, or the greater part of them then and there aflembled, to continue from time to time fiich treafurer or treafurers in his or their office or offices, fo long as they (hill fee convenient, and to remove him ar them at their pleafure, and appoint any other person or per-fofis in his or their place; and to allow to him or them and every of them infixing on the fame, such reafonable fum or fums of money for his or their care and pain9 in the execution of such truft, not exceeding twenty pounds by the year, as they in their diferetions shall think fit; which they are hereby im-powered to diredt the payment of, out of the monies arifing by the refpedtive rates hereby appointed to be made.

XII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in cafe the church-wardens and overfeers of any parith or place shall at any time have reason to believe the faia parifti or place is over-rated, such churchwardens and overfeers may appeal to the refpedtive juftices of the peace at their next general or quarter feflions, against such part of the rate only as may af-fedt the parishes or places in which they serve such offices; which juftices, or the’greater part of them then and there aflembled, are hereby authorized and impowered to hear and finally determine the fame: provided neverthelefc, that upon such appeal such rate shall not be quafhed or deftroyed in regard to any other pariihes or places aflefled thereby.

XIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That nc* part of the money to be railed and collected in pur-fuance of this adl shall be applied to the repair of any bridges, gaols, prisons, or houfes of correction, until preferments be made by the refpedtive grand juries, at the aflize, great fef-fions, general gaol delivery, or general or quarter Ieflions of the peace held for any county, riding, divifion, city, town corporate, or liberty, of the infufficiency, inconveniency, or want of reparation of their bridges, gaols, prisons, or houfes of corredtion.

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* That from and after the first day of Juney one thousand fovea hundred and thirty nine, when any publick bridges, ramparts, banks, or cops, or other works, are to be repaired at the expence of any county, city, riding, hundred, divifion, liberty, or town corporate; it shall and may be lawful to and for the juftices of the peace at their general or quarter feflions refpec-tively, or the greater part of them then and there aflembled, if they think proper and convenient, after presentment to be made as aforesaid of the want of reparation of such bridges, ramparts, banks, or cops, to contra# and agree with any person or perrons



1739*1 Anno duodecimo GeoRgii II. c. 29;	325

Tons for rebuilding, repairing, and amending of such bridges, ramparts, banks, or cops, as (hill be within their refpeCtive counties, cities, ridings, hundreds, divifions, liberties, or towns corporate, and all other works which are to be repaired and done by afleffment on the refpeCtive counties, Cities, ridings, hundreds, divifions, liberties, or towns corporate, for any term or terms of years, not exceeding seven years, at a certain annua] fum, payment, or allowance for .the fame; such contractor	f

or contractors giving fufficient fecurity for the due performance thereof, to the refpeCtive clerk of the peace for the time beingf or the town clerk, high bailiff, or chief officer of any city, town corporate, or liberty; and that such juftices at their re- npon p^Hrfc fpeCtive general or quarter feflions shall give publick notice of notice; their intention of contracting with any person or persons for rebuilding, repairing, and amending the bridges, ramparts, banks, or cops, afnd other works aforesaid; and that such contracts shall be made at the molt reafonable price or prices which shall be propofed by such contractors refpeCtively; and that all con-traCts when agreed to, and all orders relating thereto, shall be entered in a book, to be kept by the refpeCtive clerk of the peace for the time being, or the town clerk, high bailiff, 6f chief officer of any city, town corporate, or liberty for that pur-pofe; who is ana are hereby required to keep them amongft the records of such county, city, town corporate, or liberty, to be from time to time infpeCted at all feafonable times by any of the faid juftices within the limits of their commiffions; ana by any person or persons employed or to be employed by any parish, town (hip, or place, contributing to the purposes of this aCt, with-	*

out fee or reward.

XV.	And it is hereby further enaCtod, That there shall be JolHces to but one rate made ana aflefled by the juftices of the peace ofmakebuton« the county of Middlesex, in the faid county, city, and liberty of Mld* Wejlminfter, for the several purposes aforesaid, and for the repair of the gaol commonly called New Prifon, in the faid county of Middlesex.

XVI.	Provided nevertheless. That the juftices of the peace Provifo as to for the city and liberty of JVeJlminJler, at their general or quar- the houfe of ter feflions to be holden for the fame city or liberty, or

greater part of them then and there aflembled, shall have foil Weftmuilter, power to appoint the governor or mafter of the houfe of correction within the faid city or liberty; who shall have such sum of money yearly as hath been accuftomed for and towards the support and maintenance of the prisoners in his cuftody, who shall be fick, or unable to work (not exceeding the present allowance of fifty pounds by the year) and direCt the repairs and management thereof as they heretofore have done; and the treafurer or treafurers of the money arifing by the rates in the faid county of Middlesexand city and liberty o( JVeJlminJler+ hereby appointed to be collected, shall and is and are hereby required to obey all orders, which shall from time to time be ipacje by the faid juftices of the faid city and liberty, or the

Y 2	greater



326	Anno duodecimo Georgii H. 0* 29; [i 739J

greater part of them then and there aflembled, at their general or quarter feflions, for the payment of any fum or fums of money for the allowance allotted to such governor, or matter of the houfe of correction, and the repairs thereof; which orders shall be good and fufficient difcharges to (uch treafurer or trea-furcrs; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding, juftices im- aVII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, powered to ob-That the juftices of the peace at their refpedive general or lige colle&ots quarter feflions, or the greater part of them then and there af-p account, fembled, shall be aqd are hereby impowered to oblige, by their order or orders, the refpedive high conftahlesand petty con-, /tables, or any other person or persons who are or have been impowered to leyy, colled, or receive any fum or fum* of money by virtue of and for the purposes aforesaid, and.who. have any fum or fums of money in their hands, to accoynf with them at their general or quarter feflipns, in such manner as high conftables are directed to account by virtue of thjs ad* and in cafe such high conftables or petty conftables* qr other, person or persons, shall refufe to account, or to pay over the money that shall renpain in their or any of their hands, when, thereunto required by order of the faid juftices or the greater, part of them their refpedive general or quarter feflipns af-fpmbjpd; in either of the faid cafes the faid juftices shall have the like remedy against them or any of them, as they have a-gainft the high conftables by virtue of this ad, for not accounting for or paying over the money remaining in their hands: and to order and it shall and may be lawful to and , for the ,faid juftices at imamSied*tQ t*ieir refpe&*vc general or quarter feflions, or the greater part, be paid to flic °f them-then and there aflembled, and they are hereby impow-frpafpref. ered, to dired and order the paymentot. the refpedivc fums of money which shall appear to be remaining due, and not applied or difpofed of, into the hands of the refpedive treafurer, or treasurers to be appointed by this ad; which shall be deemed to lie part of the flock of the faid counties, cities, ridings, divifions, liberties, or places refpedively; and to enquire what fums of money are due and owing for the pqrpofes aforesaid; and then to order the payment of such fums as shall appear tq them upon such enquiry to be juftly due and owing.

No adion a- XVlJI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, gainft persons That no adion of fuit shall be commenced or profecuted a-rateldifc^arL-	an>’ Perfon or persons who has or have been or shall be

pd by CcrtiQ- employed in the colleding or receiving apy money in purfuance f aril foe* of the faid recited ads, or this present ad, on any rate or rates which has or have been or shall be quafhed or discharged on any Certiorari brought or to be brought in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at IVeJlminJler, or otherwise, for any money colleded or received, or to be colleded or received on any such ratew or rates, before such writ of Certiorari was or shall be but r1ieperibn$ brought arid allowed; and that juft ice may be done to such over-rated to persons who shall or imy pay towards npytrate which /hall be fje relieved. r......................'	"	quaihefl



*739*1 Anno duodecimo Georgtt II. c. 29.	337

qualhed 6r difcharged, the feverat fums of money which shall appear to have been paid by them on such rate, either in whole, or in part, more than they ought to have paid, shall be repaid, or allowed to them in the next rate or rates which shall be made in purfuance of this adt, as if the fame had been paid on fiich new rate or rates; any thing,in any former adt, or any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

XIX.	Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enadt- $uch colle&ort ed^ That all and every such person and persons fo employed obliged t<* or to be employed shall account for and pay over the money by payment., them refpedtively received, in the fame manner, and under the like penalties for any negledt or refufal therein, as are to be. inflicted by virtue of this adi on any person or persons neglecting or refufing to account for, or pay ovef* any money remaining in his or their hands, which he or they have received in purfuance hereof; any thing in any of the faid recited adts contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

X3f..And b$ it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,That jufticet of the juftices of the peace for the faid county of Middlesex at their Middlesex to general feflions of the peace to be holden for the. faid county havethefame mall have the fame powers and authorities to put this adt in ^neraUs^t^ execution, as are hereby given them at their general quarter fef- their quarter Cons; any thing in this, or any former adf, or any law, ufage fefliona. pr quftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, writ of Certfo-That no writ of Certiorari, to remove any rates made in pur- ran on what fuance of this adt, or to remove any orders or other proceed- terms ifluable. ings taken or made by the faid refpe&ive general or quarter femons touching such rates, shall be taken out or granted, but upon a motion to be made fome time in the first week of the next term after the time for appealing from such rates or orders is expired, and upon making it appear to the court by affidavit or otherwise, that the merits of the queftion upon such appeal or orders will by such removal come properly in the judgment of the faid court; and that no such writ of Certiorari shall be allowed until fufficient fccurity be given to the refpec-tive treafurer or treafurers appointed by virtue of this adt, in the sum of one hundred pounds, to profecute fpch writ of Certiorari with effedt, and to pay the cofts to be afcertained by the court to which such rates, orders or proceedings shall be removed, in cafe such rates or orders shall be confirmed; nor shall any such rates, orders or proceedings be quafhed or vacated for want of form only; and all charges attending such removal shall be defrayed out of that or any subsequent rate.

XXII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Part of the That fo much of the before recited adt pafled in the fourteenth atts 14.Sc 43 year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, as relates to the method Eliz. and 19 of taxing parishes for the relief of prisoners ; and fo much of rc* the faid adt of the forty third year of the fame reign, as relates p \hp method of railing mopey for the King9} Bench and Mar-

Y 4



328	Anno	duodecimo Georgii II. c. 29;	C*739»t

Jhalfea prisons, hospital and alms-houfes j and fo muph of the faid a<5t of the nineteenth year of the reign of King Charles the" Second, as relates to the method of rating parishes for providing materials for the fetting poor prisoners on work, shall be repealed, and be abfolutely null and void.

Manner of the XXIII. Provided nevertheless, That such fums as have been.' payment of annually paid to the King’s Bench and Marjhalfea prisons, shall the King's	be paid out of the monies arifing by virtue of this adt, at fuch

MaWhallea	t™C8» anc* m ^ch Planner, as is prefcribed in and by an adt'

Aoney^ Ca pafled in the eleventh year of the rejgn of his present Majesty, iiGeo.».c.*o. intituled,  An act for the more effettupl Jecuring the payments of certain fums of money ^ direfted by an aft ftiade in the forty third year of the reign of S^ueen Elizabeth, intituled, An adt for the relief of the poor, to be paid by the refpeflive treafurers of every county of England and Wales, for the relief of the poor prisoners of tie King’s Bench and Marfhalfea prisons \ and such money a$* shall be judged neceflary by the juftices of the peace in feflions to be applied in purfuance of the faid recited adt of the fourteenth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, for the relief of prisoners,' and of the faid adt of the nineteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, for providing materials for the letting poor prisoners on work, shall be paid out of the monies arifing by this adt.

Limitation of XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, adUons. That if any adtion or fuit shall be commenced against any per-fon or persons for any thing that shall be done in purfuance or by the authority of this present adt, in every such cafe the adtion or fuit shall be commenced within three months next after the fadt committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the refpedtive county in which the caufe of adtion or fuit (Sail arife, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in General iffue. such adtion or fuit to be brought shall and may plead the general ilTue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this adt; arid if it shall appear fo to be done, or that such adtion or adions shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame as aforesaid^ or shall be brought in any other county or place \ that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants ; and upon such verdidt, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonfuited, or discontinue his, her or their adtions or fuit, after the defendant or defendants hath or have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defen-Treble cods. ’ dant or defendants shall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

GAP,

 LnOOQle

1739*3 Anna duodecimo XJeoRGii IL 0*30*	3*9,

CAP. XXX,

An all for granting a liberty to carry fugars y of the growths producer manufacture of any of bis Majesty's  sugar colonies in^meric&y from the faid colonies direllly to foreign partSy in Jbips built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law.

WHEREAS by an alt made in the twelfth year of the reign	^

of the late King Charles the Secondy mtituledy An a<51 for ^Car.i.c, 7. encouraging and increafing of (hipping and navigation, and ano- *sCar. %. e.7* tier alt made in the fifteenth year of the faid King9 intituledy An, a<£t for the encouragement of trade, and another alt made in the five and twentieth year of the reign of the faid Kingy intituledy,

An a<5t for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eafilani' trade, and for the better fecuring the plantation trade; which alts have beeri by subsequent alts Jince continuedy and are How in force9 all fugars of the growth or produltion of the' Englifh plantations in America, Afia or Africa, are obliged to be imported into England,

Wales, or Berwick upon T weed, or to fome other of the British plantations in America, under such fecurities and penalties as other enumerated goods and commodities of the growthy produltion or manufacture of the faid plantations, are fubjelted to by the faid aCtsy fome or one of them: and whereas his  Majesty’s  sugar colonies in America are of great importance to the trade9 navigation andJlrengtb of this kingdom: and whereas the planters of the faid  sugar colonies are unable to improve or carry on the  sugar trade on an equal footing with foreign  sugar colonieSy without fome advantages and relief be given them from Great Britain: and whereas it is reafonable to ex-petty that not only the produce of the faid commodity in the faid colo-nieSy but also the exportation thereof \ would be greatly increafedy for the mutual benefit of this kingdom and the faid coloniesxif Cnotwith-Handing the laws relating to navigation and trade to ana from the plantations) liberty or licence were granted for Jhips built in and fail-ing from Great Britain, aqd chiefly owned by the fubjelts of bis.

Majesty reftding in Great Britain, to load fugars in thejaid colonieSy and to carry the fame direltly to any foreign ports in Europe, firfl touching at fome port or ports in Great Britain (except where such fbip goes to the fouthward of Cape Finifterre) whereby the faid fugars will arrive at such ports fooner9 with lefs charge, and in better condition for the confumption thereof : for this end, and to encourage his  Majesty’s fubjedts in the British  sugar colonies in America to improve and extend their fettlements there, and to prevent any prejudice or damage to this nation, which might happen thereby From any unlawful commerce between the plantations and any foreign countries, and to fecure the navigation, (hipping, inter-courfe and dependence on Great Britain; may it therefore plcafe your mod excellent Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the Kind’s mod excellent Majesty, by and with the ndvice ana content of the lords lpirityal and temporal, jyid commons.

 

3jbi	Ainnb duodecimo Geougii II. C.30:	[1739.

mons, in this present parliament afletnbled, and by the autho-The faid a&s rity of the fame, That the laid three adb paffed in the twelfth, ratified, fifteenth, and five and twentieth years of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, fo far as the fame extend jo  sugar of the growth and produce of his  Majesty’s plantations	America,,

being one of the commodities enumerated in the faid acts, (halTbc andareftereby ratified and confirmed, as to all persons, (hips, vef-tvith excep- fels, or places, in all refpedts whatsoever; except only as to such tion.	fugars as by this ad shall be permitted or allQwed to be ex-

ported from his  Majesty’s faid  sugar colonies in America^ by such persons, and in such (hips and veflels, and to such foreign countries and places, and under such entries, fecurities, reftri&ions, regulations, limitations, penalties and forfeitures, as are herein after particularly deferibed, appointed, limited and enacted for that purpofe.

, Conditions on II. And be it enabled* by the authority aforesaid, That from which fugars and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thouiand fevpn ried ft^ufthe hundred and thirty nine, it shall and may be lawfdl, notwirfi-American co- (landing any of the ads aforesaid, or any other ad of partia-Ionics diredly ment, for any of his  Majesty’s fubje&fc* in any (Kip or veflel to foreign btiilt in Great Britain, and navigated according to law, andbe-^Extended to	^n5,nS to anY k*s  Majesty’s fuhjeds, of which the major part

aU Brittjb °	ft*3!! be redding in Great Britain, and the refidue shall be re-

Jbips% by fiding either in Great Britain or in lome of his  Majesty’s  sugar 15Gco.a c.33. colonies in America, and not dfewhere, that shall clear outwards in any port of Great Britain for any of the faid colonies, to (hip or load in the faid colonies, or any of them, any fugars of the growth, produce and manufadure of the faid colonies, or any of them, and to carry the fame from thence to any foreign part of Europe; provided a licence be first taken out for that purpose under the hands of the commiflioners of hrs  Majesty’s customs at London or Edinburgh, or any three or more of them rcfpec-tively, fubjed to the regulations, and on the conditions hereafter mentioned, that is to fay, That notice be first giving in writing by the mafter or other person having the command, or taking the charge of, or by one or more owner or owners of such (hip or veflel to the cuftomer, or colledor, and comptroller of such port in Great Britain, where such (hip or veflel shall happen to be, of the intention of such mafter or other perfon, or any owner, that such (hip or veflel shall proceed to the faid  sugar colonies, or fome of them, in order to lade fugars to be cajried to fome other part of Europe than Great Britain: and that such mafter, or other person taking charge of such veflel as aforesaid, or pwoer, shall enter into bond, to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, with one or more fufficient fecurities, in the sum of one tboufand pounds, if the (hip be of lefs burthen than one hundred tons; and in the sum of two thousand pounds, if (he be of that or greater burthen; with condition, that in cafe a licence be granted, giving .liberty to such (hip or veflel to lade and carry Jugars from his  Majesty’s  sugar colonies to foreign parts, th^t (uclv (hip or vdTel shall proceed from Greqt Britain

tQ



i,739-] AMaduodepimaGxoRGii U. O.30.	33;r

to the (laid fug^r colonies, and (ball deliver the faid licence to the colle&or* comptroller and naval officer there, in cafe he intends to make ufe of the liberty granted by such licence, which. l}e shall declare in writing to'the collector, comptroller and naval officer,,, before he takes any goods on board, and that in such cafe, notpbafco, molafles, ginger, cotton, wool, indigo, fpftick, or other dying-wood, tar, pitch, turpentine,hemp, marts, yards, bowfprits, copper ore, beaver fkins, or other furrs, of the growth, prodiu^ion or mapufa&ure of any British plantation in jfmerica shall be taken on,board any such (hip or veflel, unless it be for the neceflary provifions in her voyage ; and that such (hip or veflel, before (he proceeds to any foreign port or place,

(hall touch at fome port ip Great Britain; and that the maftcr or person having the command of such (hip shall deliver to the cuftomer orcolfeAur, apd comptroller of fijch port, a true and* manifert attefted.upon o^tjh, or if a Quaker by affirmation, q( the whole lading, mentioning the marks, numbers, package and content? of all the goods on board; and* (half also bring-back and produce* to them the licence granted for such (hip or veflel to carry such fugars to foreign parts, with a certificate in-dorfed on such licence, or affixed-thereto, containing an account of the marks, numbers, package^ contents and forts of all the fugars laden on board such (hip or veflel in the manner directed by this adt, as is herein after mentioned; and that when* fych (hip or veflel hath difcharg&d her lading fo taken on board in fome foreign part (the danger of the feas and enemies excepted) (he shall proceed for, and return to, Great Britain, within eight months after (he shall have delivered her lading in any foreign part, and before (he returns to any of his Majesty*s plantations in America; and that in cafe such (hip or veflel shall take on board any goods or merchandizes before her return to Great Britain, all such goods and merchandizes that shall remain on board the faid (hip on her arrival in Great Britain, shall be entered and landed on the return of such (hip or veflel to Great Britain, in like manner as all other (hips and veflels importing goods into this kingdom are obliged to do by the laws of the curtoms; or otherwise such bond (nail be forfeited.

III.	And it is further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That Oath to be upon such bond being entered into, and other requifites before	thc

mentioned being duly complied with, a licence shall be granted to^ntiflTSb-accordingly, giving liberty for that voyage only, to load and jea8> before carry fugars of the growth and production of his Majesty's fu- licence given, gar colonies to any foreign part, in the manner, and according to the purport ana intention of this aCt: provided nevertheless.

That no (hip or veflel shall have licence to carry  sugar to foreign parts by virtue of this a<3, unless it shall first appear by, oath* or in cafe, of a Quaker by affirmation, of the mafter or person taking charge of such (hip or veflel, that the property thereof is in his  Majesty’s fubjeCts, of which the major part are re-* fidipg in Great Britain, and the refidue refuting either in Great Britaiuy or in fame of his Majesty!s  sugar colopiei in America*







The oath.

Penalty on

taking in foreign goods.

Conditions previous to the lading fugars, See. at the Taid colonies.

Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 30!	[*739*

*nd not elfewhere; such oath or affirmation to be in the form, and according to the directions herein after mentioned ; that is to fay,

A.B.	that	the	(*&?>	called

the [name] whereof ke this () majter> bath the charge and command for this present voyage to [place bound to] being [deferibe the built] (	)	°f	^e	burthen	of [number] tons was built at

[place] in the year [time when] and that the faid (	)	«	wholly	owned	by	the	() whofe ().

and ufuai (%•?) of abode (’£) Ldor-maUoJd and fubferibed by this deponent or affirmant, that such (^rT) (r) bis Majesty's Britifh	and

that no foreigner direSlly or indireSily bath any Jhare> part, or inter eft in the faid ( «Sm ) to the beft of this (d^Sintf) knowledge or belief; and that he this (d&?r) aT*d three fourths of the mariners navigating the faid	are	his	Majesty	s	Bridfli

fubjefts,

IV.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafe any (hip or vef-fel, licenfed by virtue of this aCt shall take on board in any of the  sugar iflands, or in her voyage from thence, any (ligars, or other goods, being the property of any other person than fome of his  Majesty’s fubjeCts, and such as shall be (hipped and laden on their proper rifque and account, to be carried to foreign parts; then all such fugars or other goods fo laden on such (hip shall be forfeited and lott.

V.	And be it further enaCted, That before any  sugar be Joad-en or put on board any (hip or veflel at the faid colonies, or any of them, by virtue of the faid licence, to be carried to any foreign port in Europe, the matter, or other person having or’ taking charge of such (hip or veflel, shall deliver to the collector of the port where such (hip is to take in her lading, the faid licence figned by the commiflioners of the cuftoms, and a certificate of such bond having been given in Great Britain as aforc-faid; and shall declare in writing to the collector, whether he intends to load any  sugar purfuant to such licence, which shall be done before any goods are laden on board such (hip or veflel, otherwise such licence shall be invalid and of no force and virtue $ but if it shall be declared as aforesaid, that fugars are intended to be laden and carried to foreign parts, purfuant to such licence, then in order to afeertain the quantity, quality, fort, or denominatiorf pf the fugars to be exported in every such (hip

from





333

*739'] Anno duodecimo GboRgii II. c. 36.

from the laid colonies, or any of them, purfuant to such licence, and the liberty granted by this ad, and to prevent the exportation from the faid colonies of any goods before enumerated, the merchant or other person intending to export anv fugars or other goods not enumerated in such (hip or veflel, mall, before the fame, or any part thereof, are (hipt or put on board, make an entry or entries of such fugars, or other goods not enumerated, in writing, with the collector and comptroller^ his  Majesty’s cuftonps, and the naval officer, exprefling the name of the (hip and the matter, on which such fugars, or other goods not enu-* mcrated, are to be laden, and where (he Ties \ and also the places, keys, or wharfs where they are to be laden, or first water-borne in order to be laden; which shall be such only where an officer or officers are or shall be appointed to attend the lading and (hipping thereof, or at such places as shall be mentioned in a fuffqrance or warrant to be taken out from the collector and comptroller for that purpofe; and shall thereon take out from the faid collector and comptroller a cocquet or warrant accordingly, whereon shall be indorfed by the exporter the marks, numbers, contents, forts, or proper denomination of such fugars, and shall deliver the cocquet or warrant fo endorfed to the (earcher or other officer appointed for the examining and (hipping thereof, and shall (hip or lade such fugars in the prefence or such officer or officers, or at such places as shall be mentioned in the faid fufFerance or warrant, that the proper officer or officers may attend the (hipping thereof; and such officer or officers are hereby impowered to examine the fame before they are put on board; and if upon examining the faid Penalty on fugars, or any goods or package, which shall be (hipt, or brought in the to be (hipt as fuch, by virtue of such cocquet or warrant, either Upping, before or after the (hipping thereof, tbe number of cafks lhall appear to be greater than is endorfed thereon, or if there shall be found any other  sugar but such as shall be fo endorfed on such cocquet or warrant taken out and delivered as aforesaid, or *ny of the goods before enumerated, which by law are to be carried from thence only to Great Britain^ or fome of his  Majesty’s other plantations in America \ or if it shall be difcovered that any enumerated goods, other than fugar, have been laden or put on board any (nip or veflel, having liberty to trade by virtue of this a<ft, or shall be brought to be (hipped on board	1

fuch (hip or veflel, or shall be put into any hoy, lighter, bottom, boat, or other veflel, in order to be put on board such (hip or veflel, before such entry, or taking out such cocquet or warrant, endorfing and delivering of the fame, and not being (hipped in the manner aforesaid, but shall be put on board, or attempted to be put on board, cohtrary to the directions of this adt j all such  sugar and other goods fo (hipped, or brought to be (hipped, in any of the cafes aforesaid, shall be forfeited and loft, as also the hoy, lighter, bottom, boat, or other veflel or carriage whatsoever employed in (hipping, or attempting to (hip any enumerated goods, other than fugars, together with the (hip or veflel

on



 ■

Mailer to have a licence and certificate, before the vcflel departs}

to be delivered on her return to Great Britain, to the commif-f»oners,or collector of the port.

Oath to b« taken,

and entry to be made.

Anno duodecimo Georgii II. C* 36.	[*739*

on which such other enumerated goods shall be laden; and the owner of such fugar, or other goods* shall also forfeit double the value thereof, to be recovered in the court of vice admiralty, held in any of his  Majesty’s plantations in America, or in any other court of record in any of his  Majesty’s plantations in A~ menca, at the election of the informer or profecutor; one third part to be to theufeof hisMajesty, his heirs and successors, ond third part to the governor of the laid colony, and the other one third to the informer or-profecutor; and before fuch<'llhip or veffel shall depart from the faid colonies with the  sugar laden as aforesaid, the mafter, or other person having or taking charge thereof, shall receive the faid licence from the collector and comptroller and naval officer, with a certificate endorfed there-bn, or affixed thereto, under their feals of office, containing an account of the marks, numbers, contents, and forts of each call of such  sugar fo (hipt on board ; which endorfethent or certificate shall be figned by the faid collector and comptroller and naval officer; and the collector and other officers aforesaid, (haH make two copies of such licence, endorfements, or certificates; for all which entries, cocquets, endorfements, and certificates, or copies, no more lhall be taken by the faid officers than the legal and accuftomed fees $ and the mafter or other person having or taking charge of such (hip, fhall, before he receives the faid licence, atteft the faid copies under his hand, which are to be left with the collector and comptroller and naval officer; and the laid collector and comptroller are hereby required, as foon as conveniently they can, to tranfmit one or the faid copies of the endorfements or certificates to the commiffioners of the customs in Great Britain refpeCtively, by whom the licence was granted when the faid (hip or veffel fet fail from Great Britain; and the faid mafter or other person having or taking charge of such (hip, lhall proceed from the faid  sugar colonies direCtly to Great Britain, without putting Into any other port or place, unless forced by ftrefs of weather, proof whereof lhall in such cafe be made on oath to the fatisfaCtion of the commiffioners of the customs in Great Britain refpeCtively; and on the return of such (hip or veffel to Great Britain the faid mafter or other person lhall produce and deliver the faid licence to the faid commiffioners of his  Majesty’s customs refpeCtively, or to the collector and comptroller of the port at which (he lhall arrive, immediately on such her arrival, with the indorfement made thereon, or certificate annexed thereto, by the collector and comptroller, of the marks, numbers, contents, forts, or denomination of such fugars loaden on board in the faid colonies, or any of them, as herein before directed; and lhall also deliver a true and exaCt manifeft, expreffing the marks and numbers, with the tale and forts of calks of all his lading, attefted upon oath, or if a Quaker by affirmation, before the collector and comptroller of such port where he shall arrive, who are hereby impowered to adminifter the fame; and lhall aHb make an entry or entries of the quantities and forts of all the fugars which

were





Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 30.	$35

y*ere Jaden on board the faid (hip at any of the faid colonies at a fore faid, and then remaining on board and bound to foreign parts; which entry or entries the cuftomer, or colleltor and comptroller of such port are to pafs, without demanding or receiving any euftom or duties for such fugar; mentioning in their accounts# that such entries were palled by virtue of this aH; and shall also declare on oath, or if a Quaker on his affirmation) to what foreign port or ports he is bound with such lading ; then such mailer, or other person having charge of such (hip or Ydfiel shall be at liberty to proceed with all the good!; on board mentioned in such manifeft, being none of the goods before enumerated, to any foreign port or place whatsoever, without being obliged to land or pay duty for the fame as aforesaid, taking with him the faid licence, and a certificate thereon or annexed thereto, under the feals of office from the faid cuftomer or collector and comptroller, teftifying that the faid (hip or vef-fel, and the mailer, or other person having charge thereof, had touched at fuch*port, and had in all rcfpects complied with the diFe&ions of this alt: but in cafe any such veflel shall proceed Penalty on to any foreign part without having first touched at feme port in S0.11^to Great Britain, and having complied with the fever a 1 direltions j^tiout of this ad, and having the fame certified as aforefiud ; or in cafe Touching at any goods of the growth, produce, or manufa&ure of arty of fomc port in the American colonies or plantations, enumerated as aforelaid, Great Britain* befides fugars, shall be found on board, or carried by any such (hip or veflel to any foreign parts; then the liberty granted by such licence shall ceafe, and become void and of none dfed j and such (hip or veflel, and also the mailer, or other per-fon having or taking charge of such (hip or veflfel, and all others concerned, shall be liable and fubjed to all and every the fame penalties and forfeitures, as they would have been fubjed and liable to in cafe this ad had not been made.

VI.	And in order to difeover whether any goods before men*- Officers of the tioned and herein before enumerated, befides fugars, have con- cafto™^im~ trary to this ad been taken or laden on board any (hip or vefiel JJJSSe fuf-as shall lade fugars by virtue of such licence, and shall touch at (hips, fotne port of Great Britain, in order to proceed to foreign parts; be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That if the com-miffioners of his  Majesty’s customs in Great Britain refpedive-ly, or the cuftomer, or colledor and comptroller of the port where fucb (hip or veflel shall touch, shall upon information on oath have fufficient caufe to fufped that fome enumerated goods, other than fugars are on board such (hip or veflel, and Hull thereupon judge it neceflary to take out or unlade the goods-from any such (hip or veflel, or any part thereof; in such cafe it (hail and may be lawful for any officer or officers of his  Majesty’s cuftoms, or any person or persons employed by them, to enter and remain on board such (hip or veflel, and to unlade the fame, or any part thereof, as they shall judge neceflary, to enable them to famine any part of such (hip or veflel, and all the goods on hoard, and to detain her fo long as shall be neccflary for that 2	pur-

Anno duoddcirfio Georgii II. C. $6'.	[1739.

purpofe; and also to open and examine any cabbins, lockers; falfe bulk-head, or any concealments^ or other places in the fideS of such (hip or veflel, or any other part thereof, or to open and examine any cheft, trunk, box, ca(k, cafe or package whatsoever; to difcover whether any more or other goods are on board, other than such as are mentioned in the manifeft delivered by the mailer, and to feize and bring on (hore all goods or merchandizes not mentioned therein; and all such goods shall be forfeited and loft, and shall and may be profecuted and divided in the man-If there be no ner hereafter mentioned: provided, that in cafe no goods be to^doad^aud ^ounc* on b°arc* such (hip or veflel, but what are mentioned in repair da*- • manifeft delivered by the matter, that then the officer or of-mages. fleers who shall land or take any goods out of such (hip or veflel, or open any part of such (hip or veflel, or unpack any goods, shall reload and repack the fame, and repair such damage as shall be done by landing, unloading, or unpacking thereof, without being liable to any other cods or damages for demurrage, or on any other account whatsoever; but if any other goods are found on board, befides such as are mentioned in the matter’s manifeft (except the neceflary provifions of the (hip for the voyage) then the matter, or other person having ctarge thereof, shall be at thefcharge of reloading and repacking all the goods unladen or opened, and of repairing all other damages whatsoever occafioned thereby, or in opening or examining the fides of the (hip, or otherwise, in the Execution of this a&; and the officer or officers concerned shall not be at any expence, or incur or be liable to any cofts or damages whatsoever.

Sugars, &c. VII. And be it further enacted and declared by the authori-may be landed ty aforesaid. That if any (hip or veflel shall have on board any in Great Bri- fugar, for which licence shall have been granted as aforesaid, or

iniTtl^duties any ot^er g°°ds arc not enumerated in the adte before-•	8#	mentioned; and the owner or owners thereof, his or their fadtor

or agent, (hall, on the arrival of such (hip or veflel in any port of Great Britain, bedefirous. to enter and pay his  Majesty’s duty, and land the faid goods, or any part thereof; he or they shall have liberty fo to do ; the matter or the (hip first making a report of his Whole lading, with the proper officers of the cuftoms, in like manner as he was required by law to do before the making of this adl.

Sugars with a VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enadled and licence may be ^cd by the authority aforesaid. That if the faid matter, or foutlward of ot^cr Perf°n having or taking /charge of such (hip or veflel, for Cape Ftnifterre, which a licence shall have been granted as aforesaid, shall on his without arrival in any of his Majesty’.s faid  sugar colonies have delivered touching at to the colle&or, comptroller, and naval officer, the faid licence. Great Bntain$ a ccrtjficate of bond being given in Great Britain as aforesaid, and (hall, before he lades any goods, declare in writing, upon oath, or if a Quaker on his affirmation, before them or any two of them (which oath or affirmation, they are hereby im-, powered to aaminifter, and to endorfe the fame on the back of such licence, where it shall be attetted by them) that the fugars

he

 LiOOQle

337

*739'] Anno duodecimo GeorgiI II. C. 30

he intends to load purfuant to such licence, are to be carried to fome port or ports, place or places, to the fouthward of Cape Finijlerre; then the faid mafter or other person may, in cafe he has in all refpe&s complied with the several directions in this a<51, proceed thither direCUy with such (hip or Veflel and her lading accordingly, taking with him such licence, and oath or af-fimation endorfed thereon as aforesaid, together with an account of the marks, numbers, package, contents and forts of fugars laden by virtue of such licence, likewise endorfed thereon, of contained in a certificate annexed thereto, in the manner before directed, and may there land the fame, without first touching at any port in Great Britain; any thing in this aCt to the contrary notwithstanding: but in such cafe the mafter, or other person but to return taking charge of such (hip or veflel, shall within eight months thither within after landing the faid fugars at such port or place, ports or places, 8 m°nth* af*fr and before such (hip or veffcl shall gq again to any of his Ma- licence1 jefty’s plantations in America, return to fome port of Great Bri~ and certi-tain9 and on his arrival there deliver his faid licence to the com- ficate. miflioiiers of the customs refpeCtively, or the cuftomer, or collector, and comptroller of such port, with such oath or affirma* tion endorfed thereon, and an account of the lading endorfed likewise thereon, or contained in a certificate annexed thereto as aforesaid, together with a certificate from the conful, or two known British merchants of good credit refiding at the ports or places where such fugars were landed, teftifying the landing thereof as aforesaid; and the mafter, or other person taking ^ ^ be charge of such (hip or veflel, shall likewise make oath, or if a . Quaker, make a folemn affirmation, before the cuftomer, or collector and comptroller, to the truth of such certificate; and that none of the goods before enumerated, except fugar, were taken on board at any of the (arid colonies, or landed at’ the port or place mentioned in the faid certificate; and the matter, or other person taking charge of such (hip or veflel, shall likewise make an entry or entries with such cuftomer, or collector and comptroller, of the quantity and forts of all the fugars laden on board the faid (hip or veflel at any of the faid colonies as aforesaid, and landed at any port or place to the fouthward of Cape Finijlerre j which entry or entries the cuftomer, or collector and comptroller are to pafs, without demanding or receiving any cuftom of duties for the fame, mentioning in their accounts, that such entries were pafled by virtue of this aCt; and in cafe the mafter, or other person taking charge of such (hip or veflel, shall negleCl or refufe to make an entry Or entries of such fugars fo landed as aforesaid, with the cuftomer, or collector and comptroller of the port where he shall arrive, on his returning to Great Britain; he shall forfeit and lofe one hundred pounds, whereof one moiety shall be to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to such person or persons as will fue for and recover the fame.

IX. And be it further enaCied by the authority aforelaid, Qn perform. That upon the return to Great Britain of any (hip or veflel mg the requi. VOL. XVII.	Z	which	dtts,	btmd to

33&	Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 30.* tI739i

be difcharged; which (hall, purfuant to the liberty given by this aft, carry for^SX11* frgars from his  Majesty’s  sugar colonies, to any foreign parts, the mafter, or other person taking charge of such (hip or veflel, shall in either cafe before-mentioned bring back and deliver to the commiflioners of the customs refpedtively, or to the cu-ftomer, or collector and comptroller, of the port in Great Bri-tairtj where such (hip or veflel shall arrive, the faid licence, together with a certificate figned and fealed by the conful, or two known Britijh merchants of good credit at the port or place where such  sugar was landed, certifying the landing thereof, with the number of caflcs of  sugar fo landed, and the mark, number, and contents of each cafk, with the name of the (hip and matter j and that they verily believe that no tobacco or other goods before enumerated (except fugar) have been there landed out of such (hip or veflel; and upon such licence being returned, with the oath or affirmation of the mafter, and an account of the lading endorfed thereon or annexed thereto as aforesaid, and al-fo upon such certificate of the conful, or two known Britijh merchants of good credit, being produced, and oath or affirmation made as aforesaid, and the several other matters and things re-

Sjuired by this adt being duly complied with, the bond given be-ore granting such licence (nail be discharged and delivered up; any thing in the faid bond or in this adt contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding; otherwise such bond shall be forfeited, and shall and may be profecuted in the manner diredted by this adt.

Ships unlad- X. Ana be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That ing such fu- in cafe any such (hip or veflel (nail, after the unloading such ET^in other ^Bars or any part thereof, take on board any goods or merchan-goods, fubjedt dize before ner return to Great Britain, all such of the faid goods to entries, iec. and merchandize as shall remain on board at her arrival in Great Britain, shall be entered and landed on the return of such (hip or veflel to Great Britain and before her departure from thence; and shall be fubjedt to such entries, rules, regulations, prohibitions, penalties, and forfeitures, as the like goods and merchandize imported in any other (hip or veflel are or would be fubjedt and liable unto by this or any law or laws of the cuftoms.

This aa not XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to excufe (hips That this adt, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend, or be conftrued to extend or excufe any (hip or veflel trading to,

* in, or from the faid  sugar colonies, being regiftred purfuant to the adt made in the seventh and eighth year of his late Majesty King JVtlliam the Third, on proof of the property made by one or more of the owners, in the manner and under the penalties and forfeitures inflidted by the faid adt.

XII.	And for prevention of feamcn or mariners deferting-fuch (hips or veflels, or expending their wages abroad, which may be of great detriment to trade and navigation, and is often occa-fioned by the owner or owners of (hips or veflels paying wages to the Teamen or mariners when abroad y be it further enacted .a	by

 LnOOQle

* 739*] Anno duodecimo Georgii It. c. 30.'

by the authority aforesaid, That no mafter or owner of any (hip or veflel carrying fugare as aforesaid, shall pay or advance, or caufeto be paid or advanced to any feaman or mariner, during the time he shall be in parts beyond the feas, any money or effects upon account of wages, exceeding one moiety of the whole wages which shall be due from the time of his departure from Great Britain, until such (hip or veflel shall return to Great Britain ; and if any such mafter or owner of such (hip or veflel shall pay or advance, or caufe to be'paid or advanced any wages to any leaman or mariner above the (aid moiety, such mafter or owner shall forfeit and pay double the money he shall fo pay or advance* or caufe to be paid or advanced, to be recovered in the high court of admiralty by any person who shall first difeover and inform of the fame.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid* That all penalties and forfeitures incurred by this ad (except where it is otherwise hereby provided) shall and may be profe-cuted in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at fPeflminJier, or the court ot exchequer in Scotland; one moiety whereof to be for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them who will fue for, profecute, arid recover the fame ; wherein no effoin, protedion, or wager of law shall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be fued or profecuted for any thing done or to be done in purfuance of this ad, such person or persons may plead the general ifliie, and give this ad and the (pedal matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, pro-fecutor or profeqptors, shall become nonfuit, or forbear profecu*-tion, or difeontinue his, her, or their adion, or if a verdid pals against him, her, or them, the defendant or defendants shall have treble cofts, and shall have the like remedy for the fame, as in cafes where cofts are by law given to defendants.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall grant any falfe certificate, or counterfeit, erafe, or alter any licence, oath, or certificate, made or given purfuant to this ad, or shall knowingly or wittingly publhh or make ufe thereof; such person or persons shall forfeit five hundred pounds, to be recovered and difpofed of in the manner direded by this ad ; and fudi licence, oath, or certificate, fo falfified, counterfeited, erafed, or altered, shall be invalid, arid of no effed.

XVI.	Provided always. That nothing in this ad contained shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to give or grant any liberty to carry any fugars from any of the faid fiigar colonies to Ireland.

XVII.	And be it further enaded. That this ad shall continue and be in force five years, to be Reckoned from the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and no longer*

2 2	CAP.

339

Seamen to be paid but half their wages before their return home*

Forfeitures how to be recovered.

Perfons fued may plead the general iflue.

Treble cofts.

Penalty of

granting falfe certificates and forgeries.

ProvKo 17 Geo. s. c.40.

Continuance.

Farther continued by 14 Geo. s. c. 57• fet^ 7*



Anno duodecimo GeoRGIi II. C. 31;	\}Ti&

CAP. XXXI.

An all for eftabltfhing and well governing an bofpital dr infirmary in the city of Bath.

WH ER E AS the medicinal and mineral waters of the city of Bath in the county of Somerfet have been found by long experience , to give great relief to persons labouring under, or being af-fiifted with divers difeafes, illnefjes? or diforders incident to human bodies; but it very often happens, that poor persons fo afflifted live at a great difianct from the faid city of Bath, and cannot bear theexpence of going thither, and attending to ufe the faid waters, by reason whereof great numbers offuch poor persons have been prevented from ufing and tryingfuch waters for their benefit and relief: and whereas his mofi excellent majefiy hath out ofhis royal bounty, and divers other charitable and well-difpofed persons have contributed and raised by free gift the sum of four thousand pounds, and upwards, in order to ere61 an bofpital or infirmary in the faid city ofR ath, for the relief and support offuch indigent and poor persons refident in and belonging to Great Britain and Ireland, as are not able without such charity to have any benefit from the faid waters, and have actually begun to build such bofpital or infirmary^ and are now carrying on the fame, not doubting but that it will by the present and future fubferiptions and other charities be com-pleated and continued for the benefit offuturity; and whereas the faid charity deferveth to be promoted and encouraged, and will greatly tend to the honour and good of the publick; but as the good and generous intentions of his faid mofi excellent Majefiy, and the faid charitable and well-difpojed persons, cannot be fo well and fully effected without an aft of parliament 1for the promoting, efiablijhing agd making good and effeftual the faid pious and charitable intentions; may it pleafe your .mod excellent Majeity that it may be ena&ed, &c.

‘Governors appointed; who are declared a body corporate and politick, See. The'building veiled in the faid corporation. Nine to be a Quorum. Methods of admitting patients. Perfons minuted, to fucceed in turn. To be fuppiied with money exclufive of any benefit to be received from the hofpital. Perfons loitering about the city after they are difgbarged, to be treated as vagabonds. Perfons admitted into the hofpital, not U> obtain a fettlement. Patients to have the ufe of the old hot bath, and the old pump, See. The money and hospital to be managed by a prefident, 3 treafurers, and 32 afliftants. To be chofen annually. Their proceed-. ings fubjeft to the infpe&ion of the corporation. Money arifing by fale of lands, See. to be laid out in the purchafe of others, for the ate of the corporation. Members or governors dying, See. others to be elected in . their ftead. Governors impowered to make by-laws. Prefident to vote as a member at general courts; and to have a catting voice; and may appoint another member to aft in his absence. Phyficians, &c. to be cholen in a general afiembly. Corporation to confitt of £0 members at leaft. Actions to be laid in Com' Somerfet, See,

CAP.





1739*] Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c.32.'

An aH for afcertaining,, preferving and improving the navigation of the river Lee, from the town 0/Hertford to the town of Ware in the county of Hertford; and for preferving and improving the faid river from the faid town of Ware to the new cut or river made by the mayor, commonalty and citizens of London; and for enabling the governor and company of the New River, the better tofjufply the cities of London and Westminster, andtbflwerties and fuburbs thereof with good and wholefome water.

WHEREAS there hath been and ft ill is an ancient and accu-ftomed navigation on that part of the river Lee, which runs . from the borough and town of Hertford in the county of Hertford, to Ware Bridge in the town of Ware in the fame county 5 which navigation hath formerly, at different times been carried on through different branches of the faid river; but the fame for many years pafl bath been and now is carried from the faid borough and town of Hertford through a channel running to Ware Mills, unto and through a cittern or lock near the faid mills, and from thence to Ware Bridge in the faid town of Ware, and from thence to the river ^Thames : and whereas the governor and company of the New River brought from Chadwell and Amwell to London, have for many years pafl bad and received into the faid New River a confederate quantity of water which ijfued out of the faid river Lee at the mouth or opening of Manifold Ditch, which lies between the faid town of Hertford and the faid town of Vf arc: and whereas froeral difputes have arifen between the corporation of the faid borough and town ^Hertford, and the inhabitants of the faid town of Ware, and the Jaid governor and company, touching the water iffuing out of the faid river Lee into the faid New River, and touching the court e of the faid navigation: and for ending thereof and for preventing the like for the future, and for improving the navigation of the faid river Lee, the corporation of the faid borough and town of Hertford, and the inhabitants of the faid town of Ware, andjlfo the faid governor and company, who have pur chafed Ware Mills aforefcid, have agreed that the navigation be-tween Hertford and Ware Bridge- may be fixed and after Coined in the present channel, and that the quantity of water which is to be taken from the river Lee into the faid New River may be afeer-tained in the manner, and upon the terms and confederations herein after mentioned, which will redound to a general good$ but cannot be ejlablifhed or fendred cffeftual without the aid of an aft of parliament ; wherefore the mayor, aldermen and commonalty of the faid borough and town of Hertford, and the inhabitants of the faid town of JVare, and also the faid governor and company, moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it ena&ed by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and " temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled.

CAP. XXXII.

Z3

and

342	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii	II.	c.3*.	[1739

Navigation of and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the the nver Lee	-	.	.	—	-	-	-	-	....

ascertained.

the nver Lee twenty fourth day of June> one thousand seven hundred and

through the lock.

thirty nine, the navigation of the faid river Lee shall be, and the fame is hereby eftablifhed, and for ever hereafter shall be fixed and continued in the fame channel or courfe wherein the faid river now runs, and is ufed for navigation, from the faid town of Hertford to Ware-rmlls as far as the lock or ciftem near the faid mills, and through the faid lock or ciftern to Ware Bridge, and from thence in and along the ancient river Lee unto the beginning of the cut or river made by the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of London, in purfuance of the aft parted in the thirteenth yehr of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, /n aft for the bringing of the river 0/Lee to the north fide of the city of London, and from thence in and along the faid new cut or river unto the faid river of Thames, in the fame manner as the navigation hath been ufually carried on . and performed.

. II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Occupies of That a fufficient supply of water from the mill-dam of the giveaJSpply°Ware-mills shall be given by the owners or occupiers of the of water tor mills, for the paflage of all barges, boats, and craft through the paflage of the faid lock or ciftern, and for carrying them from thence barges, &c. to Ware-bridge, and back again from Ware-bridge to and through the faid lock or ciftern, the owners or occupiers of every barge, boat, or craft palling through the fame towards Warey first paying to the owners or occupiers of the faid mills the sum of one milling for each barge, boat, or craft, for such paflage through the faid lock or ciftem, and for such supply of water, and without paying any thing on their return through the faid jock or ciftern.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefud. That the faid governor and company shall from time to time,

___	_ and at all times hereafter, at their own proper cofts and charge

kcejTthe lock es, maintain and keep in good and fuflicient repair the faid in repair. lock or ciftern near the faid Ware-mills, for the conveniency of all barges, boats, and craft, that lhall from time to time have occafion to pafs or repafs through the fame; fo as that, for want of any such repairs (otherwife than at the time or times of the abfolute neceflity of making good the fame) they may not at any time or times be hindered or flopped in their paflage through the fame lock or ciftern.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Truftees to fet That the truftees herein after named, or to be appointed in Vpa^p^purfuance of this aft, or any ten or more of them, shall and

* * r,WPr may, out of the monies herein after appointed to be laid out for improving the navigation of the river />*, between the town of Hertford and Ware-bridge, fet up, ereft, or build a turnpike, weir, jettey, or fome other device crofs the faid river Lcey between the faid mills and Water-lane, near the wall of the priory orchard in Ware aforesaid, in such convenient place and manner as by the faid truftees, or any ten or more

of

New river company to

crofs the river Lee,

 LnOOQle

1739*] Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 32.	343

of them, shall be thought moft beneficial for the navigation of

that part of the faid river Lee, and be lead detrimental to the

faid mills; and also from time to time, and at all times hereaf- and to deanfc

ter, fcour, cleanfe, and deepen the fame river Lee, between and deepen the

the faid mills and IVare-bridge \ and shall have power to pafs ******

and repafs with carts and carriages in, through, and over the

grounds adjoining, for the purposes aforesaid, making such rea-

fonable fatisfadtion to all owners or occupiers of lands and

grounds which may be damaged or injured thereby, as the ju-

(tices of the peace for the faid county, at any general quarter-

feflions, shall adjudge, in cafe the laid truftees and the other

parties concerned cannot agree; but the (aid governor and Tbe company

company shall have the dire&ion and government of such turn- J^aion of die*

pike, weir, jettey, or device after ere&ed, and (hall, from time turnpike after

to time, maintain and keep the fame in good and fufHcient re- eredted.

pair, and permit all barges, boats, and craft, to pafs through

the lame, without any toll or other acknowledgement for fuch

pafiage.

V,	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.,

"That it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid governor Draught of and company of the New River, at all times for ever hereafter, water from the to have, receive, and take from and out of the (aid river	Lee	into

into the faid New River, and to hold, ufe, and enjoy a quan- ^certainS.VCr tity or body of water conftantly to iflue from the faid river Lee, at or near the mouth or opening of Manifold Ditch aforesaid, through the balance engine there lately ercdled by the faid governor and company, and to pafs and run along and through the faid Manifold Ditch, to the ancient turnpike or iluice of the faid governor and company, now (landing crofs the fame ditch, near a fmall piece of land called Chalk IJlandy and from the (aid ancient turnpike or (luice in and along a cut or trench made from thence into the faid New River, through the present timber gage or trough, there lately placed by the (aid company; which gage or trough is of the clear dimenfions within the fame, of fix feet in weadth or breadth, two feet in depth, and fourteen feet in length, and is to be continued of the fame and no greater dimenfions for ever hereafter in brick, wood, or (lone, as the faid governor and company shall think moft proper and ufeful, between the brick arch (landing near the faid turnpike and the faid New River, and not be placed perpendicularly higher or lower than the present gage now is,

•to the intent that the faid governor and company mall forever hefeafter be fupplied with a conftant quantity or body of water of the dimenfions aforesaid, and no more, to run and pafs from the faid river Lee into the faid New River in* a natural courfe, and without any pen at the faid gage or trough; and that it shall not be lawful to or for the faid governor and company, at any time or times hereafter, to take any more, or o-ther, or greater quantity of water than as aforesaid, out of and from the faid river Lee ox Manifold Ditch aforesaid, between

Z 4	the



3++ .	Anno duodecimo Georgix II. c. 32.	[1739.

the towns of Hertford and Ware, by or through any other paf-fage, ditch, or cut, or in any other manner than as in this a£fc is mentioned. *

VI.	And, to prevent any greater quantity of water than as aforesaid, at any time or times, pafling from the faid river Leey through the faid gage or trough, into the’ faid New River; be

Means to pre- it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the faid go-vent too great vernor and company (hall, at their own cods and charges, for a quantity to eyer hereafter, maintain the turnpike or tumbling-bay now c	"	fixed and ftanding crofs Manifold Ditch juft below the month

of the faid new cut leading from thence to the New River, and all other tumbling-bays or turnpikes by the faid governor and company hereafter to be eredted, of the fame height and breadth, and no higher or narrower than the present turnpike now is (which is fourteen feet wide) aqd fo low as to keep or reduce the head of water flowing down the faid ditch, to be upon a level with, and not higher than the top or uppermoft part of the faid gage or trough, in the faid cut, and the two adjacent capped (tones placed as ftandards, the one near the faid brick arch, and the other near Chadwell Spring, now are; fo that all fuperfluous water, more than can with a natural current pafs through the faid gage or trough, may run over the faid tumbling-bay or bays, and fall again through the present channel, below the faid ancient turnpike into the (aid river Lee.

VII.	And be it further eriadled by the authority aforesaid. The company That the faid governor and company shall and may from time to maintain tp time, and at all times hereafter, as need or occafion (hall

require, maintain and keep open the mouth of the faid Afo-tiifold Ditch, on the fide of the faid river Lee> and remove all foil lying before or about the fame, and cleanfe, fcour, and maintain the water-courfe through the faid ditch, for conveying the faid water to the faid New River; they making fatis-faeftion to the owners or occupiers of the lands adjoining thereunto, for all damages which shall be done thereby, in manner as herein after is mentioned; and shall and may for ever hereafter maintain and support the faid balance-engine, or device, ere&ed near the faid mouth or opening of the (aid ditch next the faid river Lee^ that a neceflary and fufficient quantity of water (neither more nor lefs, as near as may be) may from time to time run through the faid Manifold Ditcby to supply and fill the laid gage or trough; and shall for ^ver hereafter continuer the faid balance-engine, or device, in the manner, aqd at or near the place where it now is.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, and may ere£l That it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid governor a covering o- and company to ereeft, build, and continue, or caufe to be

ere&ed, built, and continued, over or upon the balance-engine, or device, for the time being, ftanding at or near the mouth of the faid Manifold Ditch, any building or covering re-quifite for the preservation of the fame, or otherwifc ; and alfo

tq

the water-

COUl'iC,

and the ba-faqce engine;

ver it, and a houle adjoining to it.



f739*] Anrio duodecimo Georgii II. c. 32.	345

to ere#, build, and continue, or caufe to be ere&ed, built, and continued nearor adjoining to such balance-engine, or device, a dwelling-houfe or habitation for one or more fervant or fervants, officer or officers of the faid governor and company, who shall from time to time be employed to take care of such balance-engine* or device, and buildings thereunto belonging ; the faid governor and company making fatisfa&ion to the owners or occupiers of the foil in such place or places whereon such dwelling-houfe or buildings shall be eretfed and built, in manner as is herein after also mentioned.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, The comply That it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid governor and to enjoy mch company, to have, hold, and enjoy for ever such balance-en- engine,build-gine or device, and also the faid dwelling-houfe and buildings, in&» &c* and the faid gage or trough, turnpikes, fluices, and tumbling- cvcr*

bays, already erected, or any other gage or trough, turnpikes, fluices, or tumbling-bays, by virtue of this adt to be eredlcd and built, and from time to time to repair and amend the fame; and they, or any of them, shall at all convenient times, have and to have free entry and paflage with their men, horfes, carts, or other P*ffaSc t0 carriages, by, over, or through, any ground or land, in places, and at times meet or convenient, to and from such balance- 9 engine or device, dwelling-houfe, or habitation, and buildings, gage or trough, turnpikes, fluices,, or tumbling-bays, or to do or perform any thing neceffary or requifite for the making, building, erecting, repairing, maintaining, preferving, or amending the fame, or any part thereof, they the faid governor and inajc5n company making fatisfadtion for all such damages as shall be ^ftion^or done thereby ; the fame, and all other fatisfadtion and recom- mages. pence to be made by the faid company, for any thing to be done by the authority ot this adt, to be afeertained by the truftees nominated and appointed, or to be nominated and appointed by or in purfuance of this adt, or any ten or more of them, in cafe the parties cannot agree.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Truftees may;

rity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawfjul to and for the infpedt theba-faid truftees, or any ten or more of them, with any fervants or lance-engine, furveyors with them, from time to time, and at all times here- ke^in repair, after, at all feafonable times in the day-time; to fee and infpedt P	*

the aforesaid balance-engine or device, gage or trough, turnpike or tumbling-bayr and the feverat conditions and repairs

thereof, to the end that no more water shall or may be taken out of the faid river Lee or Manifold Ditch, through the aforesaid gage or trunk, than ought to pafs or run through the fame by virtue of this adfc, or than shall be fufficient conftantly to supply and fill the faid gage or trough ; and if upon any luch inipedlion, any defedls or wants of repair shall at any time or times appear, whereby a greater quantity of water than as aforesaid, shall or may pafs through the faid balance-engine or device, or the faid gage or trough, then the faid governor and company, within fix months after notice shall be given in writ-



Property of Manifold Ditch vefted in the company,

faving to all persons their refpe&ive rights.

34&	Anno duodccitpo GeoRGII II. c. 32;	£1739.

ingtothem, or to any of their fervant* employed to look after the fame, of such detects or wants of repairs, shall from time to time well and fufiiciently make good such defeats, and repair the fame, purfuant to the intent and meaning of this adt; and in default thereof the faid truftees, or any ten of them, shall and may do, or caufe the fame to be done, and be paid by the faid company the reafonable charges thereof; but the principal works are to remain, and be fixed and framed in the fame form and manner as the fame now are or ought to be purfuant to this adt.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the faid courfe of water, or ditch, called Manifold Ditch, and the water running through the fame to the faid New river, shall for ever hereafter be deemed and taken to be a part of the faid New River ; and the property thereof shall be, and is here* by vefted and fettled in the faid governor and company forever, except and always referving to the faid mayor, aldermen, and commonalty of the laid borough and town of Hertford, and to all lords of manors, and others, their several accuftomed rights to fifh therein, and to all owners and Occupiers of land adjoining to or lying near the faid ditch, and to all persons having right of common in the common meadows lying near, or adjoining thereunto, their refpedtive rights of palling as ufual through or over the fame ditch at the ufual ford, and to water their horfes and cattle therein as ufual, doing no damage to the faid governor and company’s works.

XII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That no new mill, lock, or weir, shall hereafter be ereded on the faid river Lee, or any branch thereof, between the mouth of Manifold Ditch and fVare-mills, or on the faid Manifold Ditch.

Prohibition to XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ni°agc to the That no person or persons shall at any time or times caft or put New River, or m to the faid water-courfe or ditch, called Manifold Ditch, or the faid cut between the fame, and the faid New River, or into the faid New River, or any of the water-courfes, canals, ponds, refer-vatories,or pipes already made or laid, or hereafter to be made or laid, for the conveyance or paffage of the water from the fame, to any part or parts of the faid city of London or fuburbs thereof, or to any part or parts of the faid city of Wejlmnfier, or liberties thereof, any filth, rubbifh, foil, dead dogs, dead cats, dead car-cafes, carrion, or other unwholfome thing; or wafh or cleanfe therein any wooll, hemp, flax, or other noifome thing 5 nor hinder, let, flop, draw off, turn, or divert the faid water, or the current or paffage thereof, by any device, art, contrivance, or means whatsoever, without the licence or confent of thefaidgo-vernor and company ; nor do any damage, nuifance, or annoyance to the faid lock or ciftern, weir or jetty, gage or trough, turnpikes or tumbling-bays, or other buildings or ere&ions . aforesaid, or to the faid water-courfe or ditch, or to the faid cut between the fame and the New Rivery or to the faid New

River,

the work* thereon.

 kjOOQle

347

*•739*3 Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 32.

Rivery or any the water-courfes, canals, ponds, refervatories, pipes, banks, or bridges, of or belonging to the lame.

XIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the proprietors and occupiers of the faid mills, called Ware-mills, shall for ever hereafter permit and fuffer the ufual for deanfmg quantity of water to be let out from the head of water at the town of Ware-mills, from the faid river Lee, at proper and convenient Ware, times and feafons, as heretofore, to run through the (aid town

of Warty for the cleaning and preferving the ftreets and highways leading through the faid town \ the ufual and former exemptions of parish and other duties, rates and offices, and the former payments and allowances for the lame, being from time time continued and made to and for the* proprietors and occupiers of the faid mills, and the premises by them held and enjoyed. Ncw j^vcr

XV.	And for the better eftabiiihing the remedies, which as company im-well the faid governor and company may have against any per- powered to fon or persons, or which any person or persons may have against profecute, fcc. them ; be it declared and ena&ed by the authority aforesaid.

That the faid governor and company (hall, by the name of the governor and company of the New River, brought from CW-weU and AmweU to London (which name is originally given them by their charter) fue and implead, be fued and impleaded, an-fwer and be anfwered in all courts of record, and elfewhere; and shall and may recover full fatisfa&ion for any damage accruing by any matter or thing which shall be done contrary to this a£t, in or by an a&ion of trefpafs, or on the cafe ; and in cafe they recover in such action, shall be paid their full cofts of fiik, and have the like remedies for the fame, as in other cafes of cofts.

XVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Truftees me-That the lord mayor, aldermen, and recorder of the city of minated. London for the time being, the knights of the (hire for the county of ididdlefex for the time being, the members of parliament for the city of Wejlminjlcr for the time being, Walter Planer,

Riebard Plumer, enquires ; Sir Robert Grofvenory Sir Natthanid Curzon, Sir William Heatbcote, baronets; John Smart efquire.

Rivers Dukenfon gentleman, Sir Jeremy Vanacker Sambrooke baronet, Jofeph Gafcoigne Nightingale, Harry Gough, Ralph Har-woody Daniel Brattle, Hugh Smitbfon, John Francis Tyjfen, Samuel Tyffen, Samuel Trench, efquires: Zacheus Haydon gentleman, William Puhney, John Hambleton, George Bourne, efquires; the right honourable Henry lord Colraine in the kingdom of Ireland, the knights of the (hire for the county of EJfex for the time being, the members of parliament for the borough of Colckcjier for the time being. Sir Edward Smith, Sir Cafar Child, baronets $

Charles Wake Jones, John Abdy, Edward ConyerSy Andrew Searle, junior, Richard Lockwood, Peyton Althamy Richard Staines9 Thomas Archery John ComynSy Peter Floyer, William Harvey fenior,

' William Glafcock, Robert Snetty John Badger Weller, Richard Morgan, efquires; Richard Coltard, William Pig bourne, John Kempiy John Rocbejlery gentlemen; the knights of the (hire for the county of Hertford for the time being, Sir Thomas Clarke

knight





2^8	Anno	duodecimo	Georgii II. C.32:	[*739*

knight, Nathaniel Braffey^ John Byde, Thomas Plumer Byde, William Cowper, Charles Cajar, /V/*r Calvert, Felix Calvert of Pelham cfquires ; Sir Thomas Clarges baronet, /frary Dunjler, William Fields George Harrihn, Thomas Hall, the honourable Charles Leigh, Charles'Monfon, William Plumer, Richard Reynolds^ William Shaw, William Stanley, Richard Warren, Thomas Wtnnington, efquires; the mayor of Hertford for the time being, Thomas Martin, Robert Plomer, efquires ; and	Hathaway

gentleman, shall be and are hereby nominated truftees for the putting in execution the powers and trufts in them repofed, by virtue or in purfuance of this aft, for the purposes herein ex-Trufteeswheii prefled ; and that the faid truftees, or any ten or more of them, and where to shall first meet and aflemble together at the houfe known by the meet'	fign of The Old Crown at Ware, on Mondap the fixth day of Au-

gu/l, one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine; and also yearly, and every year thereafter, on the first Monday in Augufty at the place aforesaid, or at any other place within the city of London, or counties of Hertford, Effexf or Middlesex, as they the faid truftees, or any ten of them, shall think proper or convenient ; and at such their meetings shall and may from time to time adjourn themfelvcs, and meet at any place or places within the city or counties aforesaid, as they, or any ten or more of them, shall think mod proper or convenient tor putting in execution the powers and trufts in them repofed by virtue or in If there be not purfuance of this aft ; and if there shall not be ten truftees pre-ten at any fent at any such meeting or meetings fo to be appointed, then, meeting the and in any such cafe, such meetings shall be continued, and

’ourned tfll^* ^an<* an<* ^ a^JournC(* ovcr to t^lat day f°ur weeks, and to the that day 4 ^ame P*ace as Iuch meeting was laft appointed to be held ; and week*/ the clerk or proper officer of the faid truftees, which they, or any ten or more of them, are hereby impowered to appoint and remove,, as they think fit, shall give at leaft fourteen days notice in the London Gazette, or such other notice as the faia truf-trees, or any ten or more of them, shall from time to time order or direft, of the day and place on which fach adjourned meeting shall be held ; and that the faid truftees at their first meeting, and at all subsequent meetings, shall defray their own charges and expences.

XVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the faid governor and company of the New River shall pay, w^	^ or caufe to be paid unto such person and persons as the faid

foch^rfonsas truftees, or any ten or more of them, at their first general meet-thc truftees ing, or at any other of their general meetings, shall from time to ihgll appoint, time, by writing under their hands, appoint, the several fums of money in the manner and at the times herein after mentioned ;* that is to fay, the several fums of two thousand five hundred pounds, and seven hundred and fifty pounds, of lawful money of Great Britain, on the nine and twentieth day of Sept ember,one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine; and yearly and every year for ever, from the faid nine and twentieth aay of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, the several yearly.

fuwa

Sum* to be paid by the New River romnanv to

 L^ooQle

1739O AnnO duodecimo Georgii It c.	349

films of three hundred pounds, and fifty pounds of like lawful money, by two equal half-yearly payments, that is to fay, on the five and twentieth day of March, and the nine and twentieth day of September; the first payment thereof to begin and be made on the five and twentieth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and forty*, such payments to be made at the office, place, or houfe where the faid company do or shall ufually meet for the difpatch of their bufinef9 within the cities of London or Weftminjlery or the fuburbs or liberties thereof, upon demand to be made by the person or persons fo to be appointed to receive the fame as aforesaid, of or from the treafurer, clerk, or agent of the faid company for the time being; and in default of filch payment by the space of one and twenty days after such demand, nonpayment1 and after a duplicate of such appointment shall be left with the recoverable by faid treafurer, clerk, or agent of the faid company, the fame shall diftrefs* and may be recovered against the faid governor and company, with full cofts of fuit, by adtion to be brought against the faid governor and company, in the names of five or more of the Jaid truftees, in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Wefimin-fter, to be laid in any place within the city of London, or county of Middlesex; wherein the plaintiffs may declare, that the faid governor and company, being indebted to the faid plaintiffs in the fum or fums then in arrear (fpecifying the fame, and the time when it became payable by virtue of this aft, mentioning the title thereof) have not paid the fame, although demanded according to the faid a& * and in which adfion or adlions no ef-foign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XVIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. Application That the sum of one thousand pounds, part of the faid two thou- thereof, land five hundred pounds, shall be paid to George Hathaway,

John Dockwra, Anthony Fagey Humphry Ives% Thomas Fletcher,

Ambrofe Proftor, and Wayte Hampfony the furvivors or furvivor of them, inhabitants of the faid parish of Ware\ out of which they shall in the first place pay and difeharge all such fum and fums of money as have been borrowed and a&ually laid out in carrying on and executing a late commiffion of fewers, for pre-ferving the navigation of the River Leey from Ware to the river of Thames, or for fcouring, cleanfing, or deepening the fame, which (till remains due and unpaid, and also all such further fum and fums of money, cofts, charges, and expences, as the faid inhabitants of Ware, or any of them, have at any time been at, or have expended or laid out, in, about, or any ways relating to the obtaining this present adf; and shall and may apply the refidue* of the faid fum of one thousand pounds, in such manner a9 the laid George Hathaway, John Dockwra, Anthony Fagey Humphry Ivesy Thomas Fletcher, Ambrofe Proffor, and Wayte Hampfony or the major part of them, or of the furvivors of them, shall think snoft beneficial towards carrying on the navigation from the faid town of Ware; and that the refidue of the faid fum of two thousand five hundred pounds, and also the faid three hundred pounds

a

 CjOoq le

3$o

Vacancies of truftees how to be filled up

Anno dtiodcdmor<jEoEGn IL C. 32;	[*739+

a year, 4hall from time to time be paid and Applied for the bet* ter preservation and improvement of the faid navigation erf the faid river Let from Warebridge to the beginning of the faid new cut, and for purchafing* building* or hiring locks or weirs upon thefaid river, in such manner as the laid truftees, or any ten or more of them, shall dired; and also for defraying all fudi charges and expences as shall be neceffary for executing the powers in this ad contained; and the faid monies lhall be ilTued and paid by the person and persons fo to be appointed to receive the lame* according to such orders as the truftees, or any ten or more of them, at any of their general meetings lhall make for that purpose; and that out of the faid fum of seven hundred and fifty pounds, lhall in the first place be paid all such fum and fums of money* cofts, charges, and expences, as the faid mayor, aider-men* and inhabitants of the faid town of Hertford, or any of them, have aw any time been at, or have expended or laid out in the fcouring and cleanfingthe river Lee, between the faid town of Hertford and Ware-bridge, or in erecting or repairing the turnpikes thereon, not exceeding in the whole the sum of three hundred and two pounds, twelve (hillings; and also all such further fum and fums as they, or any of them, have laid out, expended, or been at, in, about, or any ways relating to the obtaining this present ad* as the faid truftees, or any ten or more of them, lhall at any general meeting think fit and dired to be paid; and that the refidue of the faid fum of feven- hundred and fifty pounds, and the faid fum of fifty pounds a year, shall from, time to time be paid andiapplied for the preservation and improvement of the navigation of the faid river Lee, between the faid town of Hcri~ ford and Ware-bridge, and also for defraying all such charges and expences as shall be neceffary for executing the powers in this ad contained, in such manner as the faid truftees, or any ten oe more of them, shall dired or appoint; which faid truftees are hereby authorized and impowered to do and execute all such ads, powers* and trufts* for the preservation and improvement of the navigation of the river Leo, from Ware-bridge to the be* ginning of the faid new cut, to all intents and purposes, in as full, largo, and ample manner, a&they the faid truftees are here* in before impowered to do and execute for the preservation and improvement of the navigation of the laid river Lee, between the faid town of Hertford and Ware-bridge aforesaid.

XIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That for the continuing of a fufficient number of fit and able • persons to be truftees for ever for the purposes in this ad expref* fed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the laid truftees herein before named* and the truftees to be hereafter named, or any ten or more of them* upon the death of any of the faid truftees, or their removal, or refufal to ad in the faid truft, at any pub-lick meeting or meetings* whereof twenty one days notice lhall at leaft be given in the London Gazette, or such other notice as the faid truftees, or any ten or more, lhall from time to time order and dired, by any writing or writings under their hands, from time

to



*739-1 Aijnoduodedmo GeorgiiII. c.32.

to time, and'at all times hereafter, to eled, nominate, and ap-point in the room of,fuch truftee or truftees fo deceafed, removed, or refilling to ad, fo many more lit and able person or persons, who at the time of such election, nomination, or appointment,

{hall have lands, tenements, or other hereditaments in fee-fimple, fee-tail, or for term of life, of the clear yearly value of one hundred pounds, or upwards, and who shall live and refide in the fame county where such truftee or truftees fo dying, removed, or refefing to ad, did at the time of his and their being cleded, nominated, or appointed, live and refide, to be joined with them in the execution of all and every the powers and trufts in the faid truftees repofed by virtue and in purfuance of this ad; and all and every person and persons, from time to time, fo as afore-faid to be eleded, nominated, or chofen to join in the putting >ia execution this ad, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to ad and do to all intents and purposes in as full, large, and ample manner as they the faid truftees herein before appointed are by this ad impowered to ad and do.

XX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Troftees im-That it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid trufties ap-	ro

pointed, or to be appointed for putting this present ad in exe- mfffions*®?-cution, or any ten or more of them, at any of their general meet- fewer*, ings, to apply for and fue out any commiflion or commiflions of fewers, for the better fcouring, cleanfing, and preferving the faid river Lee^ from the faid town of Hertford to Ware-bridge, and from thence to the faid new cut or river made by the hid mayor, commonalty, and citizens of London, and to apply any fum or fums of money, which shall from time to time be in the hands or power of the faid truftees appointed, or to be appointed by this ad, for the defraying the expences of taking out and executing such commiflion or com millions of fewers, in such manner as shall be thought neceffary.

XXL And be it further enaded'by the authority aforesaid, penalty on That if any owner or owners, or fteerfman of any boat, barge, yeffel* carry-or veflel navigating in and upon the faid river, shall permit or	‘

fuffer any fiftung-net, giin, engine, or other inftrument for tak- dcftr°y,n* ing and deftroying of filh or game, to be carried in such boat, barge, or veflel, being thereof convided by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnefles, before two or more of the (aid truftees {which oath they are hereby authorized to adminifter)

(hall forfeit for every fuen offence the sum of five pounds, to be levied by warrant of the faid truftees, or any two or more of them, by diftrefs and Tale of the faid offender’s goods, rendering the overplus (the charge of such warrant, diftrefs, and fale being thereout fim deduded) to such offender; one moiety of the faid forfeiture to be paid to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifti where such offender shall be convided.

XXII.	Saving and referving at all times hereafter unto the Saving to all fnayor, commonalty, and citizens of London, all their rights and l^cir privileges* which by any law, ufage, or cuftom, they have at

any •

 L,ooQie

Publick a61.

Limitation of a&ions.

General ifTue.

Full cofts.

Aftno duodecimo Georgii II. c. %il [1739*.

anytime heretofore held,had,or enjoyed,or now hold, have,oren-joy, in or upon the faid river Lee, or any part thereof; and alto faving and referving, at all times hereafter, unto all persons whatsoever, their several juft rights and privileges, which by Jaw they have at any time heretofore had, held, or enjoyed, or now hold, have, or enjoy, in or upon the faid river Leey or any part thereof, or in, upon, or relating to the faid New River, or any part thereof; or any lands, grounds, or hereditaments, through which the ftream of the faid New River, or any part thereof runs, or in, upon, or through which any water-courles, canals, ponds, refervatories, mains, or pipes, are or have been made or laid; faving alfo, and referving unto all persons what-foever, owners of any lands, and other hereditaments, through which the faid New River runs, all their rights and privileges, wnich by an alt of parliament pafled in the third year of the reign of his Majesty King James the First, intituled, An aft far the bringing in a frejh ftream of running water into the north part of the city 0/London, are faved and referved ; and also faving and referving to the several owners of any lands, or other hereditament?, through which any of the faid company’s mains or pipes are or shall be laid, such yearly rents, fatisfachon, or recompence, as the faid company is or shall by agreement be liable to pay and difcharge; any thing in this present all contained to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwithstanding.

XXIII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforesaid. That this alt shall be deemed and taken to be a publick ad; and notice shall be taken thereof as such in all courts of juftice, and elfewhere, without fpecially pleading of the fame; and if any altion, fuit, or information shall be brought or commenced by or against any person or persons, or by or against the faid governor and company of the New River, tor any thing done pur-fuant to this alt, every such altion, fuit, or information, shall be brought and commenced within twelve kalendar months next after the falls committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the county or city where the matter in difpute shall arife, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such altion or fuit shall and may plead the general iflue, and give this alt and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this alt; and if the fame shall appear to have beeA fo done, or if any such altion, fait, or information shall be brought or commenced after the time before limited, fbrbringing or commencingthe fame, or shall be laid or brought in any other county, city, or place, than where the matter in difpute shall lie, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-fuited, or fuffer a difcontinuance pf his, her, or their allion or altions, or if a verdilt shall pafs, or judgment upon demurrer be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall haye full cofts, and such remedy for the fame, as

any

1739.] Anno duodecimo G&orgii II. c.33. any defendant or defendants hath or have, or may or can have for cofts in any other cafes by law.

CAP. XXXIII.

 An act to enlarge the powers of the commijfioners for building a bridge cfofs the river Thames, from the Woolftaple, or thereaboutsy in the parijh of Saint Margaret in the city of • Westminster, to the oppojite Jhore in the county of Surrey -> and to enable them by a lottery to raife money for the feve-ral purposes therein mentioned % and to enlarge the time for exchanging tickets unclaimed in the lajl lottery for the faid bridge \ and to make provifion for tickets in the faid lottery lofty burnt, or otberuoife deftroyed.

WHEREAS the commijfioners for building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from the Woolftaple, or thereaboutSy in the parijh of Saint Margaret in the city ^Westminster, to the oppofite Jhore in the county of Surrey, are by virtue offeveral afts of parliament made in the mnthy tenth and eleventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, fome or one of them refpeflivelyy authorized and im-powered to agree with the owners and occupiers of ground, and of Juch houfes as they9 or any nine or more of them Jball judge fit to be removedy rebuilt or pulled downy and to purchafe the fame, for the bet-ter or more effectual widening and rendring more commodious the feve-ral waysyftreets and pajfages on each fide the river Thames, to and from the faid bridge; as alfoy to letty felly or difpofe of such piece or pieces of ground as they may be pojfeffed ofy over and above what may be neceffary for the opening and widening of waysyftreets and pajfages as aforesaidy either together or in parcelsy as they Jball find moft advantageous and convenient, to such person or persons as floall be willing contrary agree fory or purchafe the fame; and to defign9 ajfign9 and lay out in what manner the new houfes to be built Jhall be erefted and built, and of what breadth and extent the faid Jflreets and pajfages Jhall be s and also to fell and difpofe of the materials of such houfe or houfesy as the faid commijfioners Jhalt purchafe and caufe to be pulled down as aforesaid: and whereas J'evtral doubts, have arifeny and may arifty relating to the conftrutlionyforce and effect of the powers veft-ed in the commiffionersy whereby the executing the purpose and defign of the faid alts of parliament in the beft and moft advantageous man-ncry may be pr event edy or greatly objlrutled: and whereas the fever al waysyftreets and pajfages near the faid intended bridge are very nar-roWy and incommodious for the pajftng and repaffing of coaches, carts and other carriages, to the hindrance and obftruflion of trade and com-merce in that neigbbour.boody and moft of the houfes therein and thereto adjacent are very old, and in a ruinous and decaying condition: and whereas several convenient ways andJlreets might be made on each fide the river "Thames, to and from the intended bridge9 as also to and from the courts of juft ice, and both houfes ofparliament, to the great cafe and advantage of paffengers and the publick in general, in cafe the Vol. XVII.	A a	faid



353-

354

Anno duodecimo Gf&*Oii ll. C. 34, 35. tlT29*

/aid houfes and 'fates were under the difpofition and management of the /aid commiffioners9 and the powers already vejled in them were further explained and enlarged: wherefore, for preventing all doubts and difficulties. concerning the premifles, and for promoting and encouraging a defign fo ufeful and beneficial to the publick; may it pleafe your moil excellent Majesty that it may be eha&ed, &V.

Commifiioners impowered f6 make convenient paflages to and from the

bridge, and to agree with tbe owners of houfes ana lands for that purpofe. Limits afligned them. Any persons refufing to treat, a jury to be impanelled. Commifiioners judgment thereupon to be final. Their and the juries proceedings to be kept among the records of Middlesex and Surrey refoeftive-ly. On payment of the Turns awarded, commifiioners impowered to pull down houfes, Sec. On any difpute between the parties interefted in the premifics, See. Commifiioners to pay the money into the bank, or place it hut in the funds; and thereupon difpofe of the premises according to the aft. Tbe fums paid to truftees for infants. Sec. to be laid out in the pur* chafe of lands. See. in fee limple. Truftees to convey the lands. Sec. to the commifiioners in fee firople. Commifiioners to meet and adjourii. Any nine of them may meet before the (fated day. Commifiioners impowered to difpofe of grounds more than necefiary for the purposes of the aft. 315,000!. to be advanced by 5I. lottery tickets. 151. for every 1001. a-inounting in the whole to 48,7501. to be deducted, to be applied to the building the bridge. Penalty on felling chances of tickets for lefs than the whole time ot drawing. 500 k Penalty on felling interefts in tickets riot in the persons pofiefiion. Commifiioners impowered to place out the monies on publick fecurity. The former directors continued, to exchange tickets of the palt lottery unclaimed. The bank to pay to the cotmnsf-fioners treafurer the fuihs due on the tickets unexchanged.

CAP. XXXIV.

 An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft palled in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George tbe Firft, for repairing the road from Spittleeate-hill near Grantham in the county of Lincoln, to Little Drayton in the county of Nottingham.

Tbe tolls are further continuedfor si years.

CAP. XXXV.

 An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft pafiird in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the highways leading from Bramton-bridge to Welford bridge in the county of Northampton; and also the great poft road, from Morrer-pit hill, in the faid county, through Brixworth, Lampoit, Maidwell, Kelmarfh, and Oxenden-magna, to Chain-bridge, leading in* to Market- harborou'gh in the county of Leicefter.

The tolls are further continued for 21 years. Continued by 13 Geo. 2. c. 8.

CAP.



i739cj	Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c.36.	355

C i P, XXXVI.

 An act for prohibiting the importation of books reprinted a-broad, and firjt compofed or written) ahd printed in Great Britain \ and for repealing fo much of an act made in the , eighthyear of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as impowers the limiting the priees of books.

WHEREAS the duties payable upon paper imported into this kingdom) to be made ufe of in printing, greatly exeeed the duties payable upon the importation of printed books, whereby foreign-trs and others are encouraged to bring in great numbers of books) originally printed and publijhed in this kingdom and reprinted abroad, to Preamble. the diminution of his Majesty s revenue) and the difeouragement of the irade and manufacture of this kingdom; for the preventing thereof for the future, may it pleafe your mod excellent Majesty that it ihay be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual Sporting or and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem- feifing books bled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the first written twenty ninth day of September) one thousand seven hundred and	**

thirty nine, it shall not be lawful for any pierfon or persons what- and repnnted foever, to import or bring into this kingdom for fale, any book abrosd. or books first compofed or written and printed and published in this kingdom, and reprinted in any other place or country what-foever ; and if any person or persons shall import or bring into this kingdom for fale, any printed book or books, fo first compofed ~or written arid printed in this kingdom, and reprinted ir\ any other place or country as aforesaid; or knowing the fame to be (b reprinted or imported, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt, shall fell, publifh or expofc to fale any such book or books ; then every such person or persons fo doing or offending, shall forfeit the faid book or books, and all and every (heet or (beets thereof; and the fame shall be forthwith damafked, and made wafte paper; and further that every such offender or offenders shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, and double the value of every book which he or they shall fo import or bring into this kingdom, or shall knowingly fell, publifh, or expofe to fale, or caufe to be fold, publifhed or etfpofed to fale, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt; the one moiety thereof to the King's most excellent majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceffofs, and the other moiety to any person or persons that shall fue for the fame; to be recovered with cofts of fuit in any of his Maiefty's courts of record at Weftminfer by adtion of debt, bill, plamt or information ; in which no wage* of law, elTom or pro-, tedtion, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed ; and if the offence be committed in Scotland, to be recovered before the CoOrt of fefllon there, by fummary adtion: provided that this adt shall not extend to any book that has not been printed or _ reprinted in this kin^lom within twenty years before the fame * r be imported.

A a 2	II.	Pro-



. J5®	Anno	duodecimo Georgii II. c. 36.	£1739-

II.	Provided always. That nothing in this a<5t contained shall (hall extend to prevent or hinder the importation of any book first compofed or written, and printed ih this kingdom, which shall or may be reprinted abroad, and inserted among other books or tradts, and to be fold therewith, in any collection, where the greateft part of such colledtion shall have been first compofed or written, and printed abroad; any thing in this a& contained to the contrary notwithfianding.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* That fo much of an adt made in the eighth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled,  An act for the encaurage-

Cl r * th ment °f learn*n&> h vcfting the copies of printed booh in the authors a£t 8	or pur chafers offuch copies ^ during the times therein mentioned, where-

c. 19. repeal- by it is provided and enacted, That if any bookfeller or bookfeh ed.	lers, printer or printers (hall, after the faid five and twentieth

day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ten, fet a price upon, or fell, or expofe to fale any book or books, at such a price or rate as shall be conceived by any person or persons to be high and unreafonable, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to make complaint thereof to the lord archbifhop of Canterbury for the time being, the lord chancellor, or lord keeper of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being, the lord bifhop of London for the time being, the ford chief juftice of the court of §>ueen’$ Bench, the lord chief juftice of the court of Common Pleas% the lord chief baron of the court of Exchequer for the time being, the vice chancellors of the two univerfities for the time being, in that part of Great Britain called England, the lord prefident of the sessions for the time being, the lord juftice general for the time being, the lord chief baron of the exchequer for the time being, the redtor of the college of Edinburgh for the time being in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, who, or any one of them, (hall, and have hereby full power and authority from time to time, to fend for, fummon, or call before him or them, such bookfeller or bookfellers, printer or printers, and to examine and enquire of the reason of the dearnefs and inhancement of the price or value of such book or books by him or them fo fold, or expofed to fale; and if upon such enquiry and examination it shall be found, that the price of such book or books is enhanced, or any wife too high or unreafonable, then, and in such cafe, the faid archbifhop of Canterburylord chancellor, or lord keeper, bifhop of London, two chief juftices, chief baron, vice chancellors of the univerfities in that part of Great Britain called England, and the faid lord prefident of the feflions, lord juftice general, lord chief baron, and redtor of the college of Edinburgh in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any one or more . of them, fo enquiring and examining, have hereby full power and authority to reform and redrefs the fame, and to limit and fettle the price of every such printed book and books, from time to time, according to the belt of their judgments, and as to them shall feem juft and reafonable; and in cafe of alteration of the rate or price from what was fet or demanded by such bookfeller

or



357

*17S9-1 Anno duodecimo Georgii II. c. 36.

or bookfellers, printer or printers, to award and order such bookfeller and bookfellers, printer and printers, to pay all the qofts and charges, that .the person or persons fo complaining shall be put unto by reason of such complaint, and of the cauf-ing such rate or price to be fo limited and fettled; all which shall be done by the faid archbifhop of Canterbury, lord chancellor, or lord keeper, bifhop of London, two chief juftices, chief baron, vice chancellors of the two univerfities in that part of Great Britain called England, and the (aid lord prefident of the feftions, lord juftice general, lord ghief baron, and redtor of the college of Edinburgh in that part of Great Britain called Scotland» or any one of them, by writing under their hands ^nd feals^, and thereof publick notice shall be forthwith given by the faid bookfeller or bookfellers, printer or printers, by an advertifement in the Gazette 5 and if any bookfeller or bookfellers, printer or printers,

(hall, after fuck fettlement .made of the faid rate and price, fell* or expofe to fale any book or books at a higher or greater price than what shall have been fo limited and fettled as aforesaid j then, and in every such cafe, such bookfeller and bookfellers, printer and printers, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds for e-very such book fo by him, her or them fold or expofed to fale, one moiety thereof to the Queen’s mod excellent majesty, her heirs and successors, and the other moiety to any person or persons that shall fue for the fame, to be recovered with cods of fuit, in any of her  Majesty’s courts of record at minJltTy by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in which no wager of law, efloin, privilege or protection, or more than one injparlance shall be allowed; and every part of the faid claufe, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

IV.	And be it further enadfced, That this adt, (except foQ>mmaice. much thereof as repeals the before-mentioned claufe in the faid mentandcon-adt of the eighth year of the reign of the late Queen Anne> re- timunce <?f fating to the .prices of books) shall continue and be in force from the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hun- Farther eonti-dred and thirty nine, for and during the space of seven years, fnuJfytj Gao^ and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parlU* c* ment, ar>d nQ longer,

A a 3	Anna

 (^.ooQle

35*	Anno	decimo	tertio	Gbo^GH	II.	c.	1,-3.	[1740;

Anno decimo tertio GEORGIIII. .

*

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Westminster, the fourteenth day of January, Anno Domini one tboufand	feven hundred and thirty	, the eighth year

of the reign of our fovereign lord George II. by the grace of God ofGreat Britain, France and Ireland, , defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by feveralprorogations to the fifteenth day November, one tboufand seven • Continual, hundred and thirty ninet * being	of	this •

infint parliament.

brisMorm~	CAP. I.

ni	An ^or continuing tl>e duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in

Recordo.	‘ that part of Great Britain" c?iHed England 5 and for granting to his Mai

jelly certain dudes upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; for tfie  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty. Exp.

CAP. II.

 An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a Jand tax to be railed in GicAt Britain, for the (fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty. Exp. 4 3< in the pound,	1

CAP. III.

An act for the better fupplyof mariners and feamen to serve - in bis Majesty's Jhips of war% and on board merchant /Tups, .	.	and other trading Jhips j and privateers.

Preamble. Tf O R the better supply of manners and feamen to serve iij JF his Majesty's (hips of war, and on board merchant (hips, ;	'	and other trading veuels, and privateers, and for the better car-

rying on the present or any future war, and the trade of Great Britain during the continuance thereof; may it pleafe your Ma-jefty that it may be enabled,* and be it ena&ed by the King's mod excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That during the continuance of this present war, and no longer (except in refpedt to such merchant (hips, and other trading (hips or veflels, and privateers, which shall be on their voyage before the determination oflhe war, who shall be, and are hereby al-Merchanf towed the liberty and benefit of returning home navigated in the (hips, See. # manner as herein after is provided) it shall and may be lawful for ^ted b na>ths any merc^ant or other trading (hip or veffel, or privateer, foreigners^ to b® navigated by foreign feamen or mariners, not being na-during the	tives of Great Britain, or any of the colonies or plantations there-

war.	to belonging, or his  Majesty’s natural or naturalized fubjetts, fo

as

359

i74°»] Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. c. 3.

as the number of such foreign feamen or mariners do not exceed three fourths of the mariners at any one time employed to navigate such merchant (hip, or other trading (hip or veffel, of privateer; and that one fourth at lead of the mariners or feamen to employed be at all times natives or his  Majesty’s naturalized fubjefts of Great Britain (fucjden deafh, and a hazard and cafu-alties of war, and the Teas, faved and excepted) one aft of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled.  An act for the encouraging and jncreafmg of Shipping and navigation, or any other ftatuteor law to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	And for the better encouraging of foreign mariners and Foreign fea-feamen, to come and serve on board (hips belonging to this me?”rVn* kingdom of Great Britain, be it further enacted by the author of viator"1611 rity aforesaid. That every such foreign mariner or feaman who merchant (hall, from and after the first day of January, one thousand fevcn (Hip*, * years hundred and thirty nine, have faithfully ferved during the time during the pf war on board any of his  Majesty’s (hips of war, or any mer- d^med natu-chant or other trading (hip or (hips, veffel or veffels, or priva- ral born fub-leers (which at the time of such  service shall belong to any of jefts.

his  Majesty’s fubjefts of Great Britain) for the space of two years,

(hall to all intents and purposes be deemed and taken to be a patural bom fubjeft of his  Majesty’s kingdom of Great Britain, and have and enjoy all the privileges, powers, rights, and capacities, which such foreign mariner or feaman could, (hould, or ought to have had, and enjoyed, in cafe he had been a natural born fubje$ of his Majesty, and aftually a native within the kingdom of Great Britdin.

III.	Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enafted Provifo. pnd declared. That no perfon, who shall be naturalized by virtue of this aft, shall thereby be enabled to be of the privy council, or a member of either houfeof parliament, or to take any office or place of truft, either civil or military, or to have any grant

of lands, tenements, or hereditaments from the crown, to him-felf, or any other person or persons in truft for him; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and 2e successors, at all times when it shall be found neceffary to de- any future clare war against any foreign power, to publilh a royal proclama- war, tion, if he or they shall judge it requifite, to permit all merchant (hips, and other trading veffels, and privateers, to be manned with foreign mariners and feamen during such war, in the manner as by this aft is provided; aqd that upon the publifli-

ipg of such proclamation, this aft and every thing therein contained shall be deemed to be in full force and virtue, and have continuance for and during the time of any fiich war, and no longer, except in refpeft to such merchant (nips, and other trading (hips or ve&ls, and privateers, which shall be on their voyage before the determination of such war* who, shall be and are

A a 4	hereby



^6o	1 Anno dccimo tertk) Georgii II. C. 4.'	[	1740.

'	hereby	allowed	the	liberty	and	benefit	of	returning	home	navi-

gated in the manner as herein before is provided.

CAP. IV.

Preamble.

 An act for the more effectual fecuring and encouraging the trade of bis Majesty's Britifti fubjefts to America, and for the encouragement of feamen to enter into bis Majejlfs service.

WHEREAS (he trade of his Majejlfs fubjefts in America hath for many years been greatly annoyed by the Spaniards, their undoubted right to navigate in thofe feas% without any molejla-tiony hath been unjuflly interruptedy on pretences altogether groundlefs and unwarrantable, divers Jhips and vtjfels belonging to Britiih jefts have been feized and confifcated, the faikrs have been injuriously imprifcnedy and barbaroujly treated, and the Britiih colours have been infulted in the mojl ignominious manner: and whereas his Majesty hath been obliged to declare war against the king of Spain, hisvaf-fahy and fubjefts, to revenge the injuries, and obtatn ample fatisfaction for the wrongs done to his fubjefts: now for the better carrying on the faid war with vigour, and for the encouragement of the officers and feamen of his  Majesty’s (hips of war, and the officers and feamen of all other Britijh (hips and veflels having commiffions or letters of marque, and for inducing all Briti/b feamen, who may be in any foreign service, to return into this kingdom, and become serviceable to his Majesty, and for the moreeffeftual fecuring and extending the trade of his  Majesty’s .fubjefts to Americay and elfewhere, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That and foUHers*3* flag-°fficcrs* commanders, and other officers, feamen,

’ marines, and foldiers, on board every (hip and veffel of war in his  Majesty’s pay shall have the foleintereft and property of and in all and every (hip, veffel, goods, and merchandize, which they shall take after the fourth day of "January, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, in Europe ; and after the twenty fourth day of Juney in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred ana forty, in any other tl* W]nr,ndc’ af’ Part	worM (being first adjudged lawful prize in any of

1740.	C* his  Majesty’s courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his plantations in America, or elfewhere) to be divided in such proportions, and after such manner, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors shall think fit to order and direft, by proclamation to be iffued for that purpofe.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Lc?r<i	That	the	lord	high admiral of Great Britain, or the commif-

^antcommif- ^oners f°r executing the office of lord high admiral of Great lions to com- Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or any person or persons in any part of America, or elfewhere.* by him or them impowered or appointed, (hall, from and after the fourth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and thirty

nine.

Officers, fea-

to have the foie property of all prizes they rake in Europe after 4 Jan. 1739* And in any other part of

manders of privateers.



174°*] Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. c.4.	£<

nine, at the requeft of any British owner or owners of any (hip or veffel, giving such bail and fecurity as have been ufually taken upon granting'commiffions, or letters of marque (except only for the payment of the tenths of the value of prizes which shall be takeri, t6 the lord high admiral, or commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being) caufe to be iffued forth in the ufual manner, one or more commiflion or commilfions, to any person or persons whom fqch owner or owners shall nominate to be commander, or in cafe of death fucceflively commanders, of such (hip or veffel, for the attacking, furprizing, feizing, and taking, by and with such (hip or veffel, or the crew thereof, any place or fortVefs upon the land, or any (hip or veffel, goods, ammunition, arms, (lores of war, or merchandizes, belonging to or poffeffed by any of his Maje-fty’s enemies, ip any fea, creek, haven, or river; and that such fhip or (hips, veffel or veffels, arms, ammunitions, (lores of war, goods, and merchandizes whatsoever, with all their furniture, tackle, or apparel fo to be taken by or with such private owner or owners, (hip or veffel, according to such commiflion and commifllons? bping first adjudged lawfql prize in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of admiralty as aforesaid, shall wholly and intirely belong to, and be divided between and among, tne owner and owners of such (hip or veffel, and the several persons which shall be on board the fame, and be aiding and aflifting to the taking thereof, in such (hares and proportions, as shall be agreed on with the owner or owners of such (hip or veffel, as shall be the captor thereof, their agents, or fadlors, as the proper goods and chattels of such owner or owners, and the peifons that shall be thus intitled thereto, by virtue of such agreements among themfelves; and that neither his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, or any admiral* vice-admiral, governor or other person commif-fioned by or claiming under his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any person or persons whatsoever, other than the owner or owners of such (hip or veflel? being the captor of such prize,

(hip, or veffel, arms, ammunition, (lores of war, goods, and merchandizes, and the persons claiming under hint or them, shall be intitled to any part or (hare thereof, except as to the customs and duties herein after mentioned; any cuftom, ftatute, or other law to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And for the more fpeedy proceeding to condemnation, or other determination of any prize, (hip or veffel, goods or ^ merchandizes, taken as aforesaid, and . for leflening ot the ex- dtnraation. pences that have been ufual in the like cafes, be it further ensiled by the authority aforesaid, That the judge or judges of such court of admiralty, or other person or persons thereto authorized, (hall, within the space of five days, after requeft to him or them for that purpose made, finifh the ufual preparatory examination of the persons commonly examined in such cafes in order to prove the capture to be lawful prize, or to enquire whether the fame be lawful prize or not, and that the proper monition ufual in such cafes shall be iffued by the person or persons proper to iffue the fame, and shall be executed in the ufual

man-



. >ogle

Annp dedipq fertjo Geokgii II. c.4.'	[“1746.

manner by the person or persons proper to execute the fame, 'within the space of three days after reaueft in that behalf made;

, and in cafe no claim of such capture, (nip, veflel, or goods, shall be duly entered or made in the ufual form, and attefted upon oath, giving twenty days notice after the execution of such mo-' nition; or if there be such claim, and the claimant or claimants shall not within five days give fufficient fecurity (to be approved by such court of admiralty) to pay double cods to the captor or captors of such (hip, veflel, or goods, in cafe the fame fo claimed shall be adjudged lawful prize, that then the judge or judges of such court 91 admiralty (hall, upon producing to him or them the faid examinations or copies thereof, ana upon producing to him or them upon oath all papers and writings which lhall have been found ta^en in or with such capture, or upon oath made that no (uch papers were found, immediately and Without further delay, proceed to fentence, either to difcnaige and acquit.'fuch capture, or to adjudge and condemn the fame as lawful prize, according as the cafe shall appear to him or them, ppoti perufai of such preparatory examinations, arid also of the writings found taken in or with such capture, if any such writing shall be found$ and in cafe such claim shall be duly entred or made, and fecurity given thereupon, according to the tenor and true meaning Qt this aft, and there shall appear no occa-fion to examine any witnefles, other than what shall be then fiear to such court of admiralty, that then such judge or judges shall forthwith caufe such witnefles to be examined, and within the space of ten days after such claim made and fecurity given, proceed to such fentence a$ aforesaid, touching such capture; but in cafe upon making or entring such claim and the allegation and oath thereupon, or the producing such writings as shall have been found taken in or with such capture, or upon the faid preparatory examinations, it shall appear doubtful to the judgp or judges of such court of admiralty, whether such capture be lawful prize or not; and it shall appear neceflary according to the circumdances of the cafe, for the clearing and determining such doubt, to have an examination of witnefles that are remote from such court pf admiralty, and such examination shall be delired, and that it be dill infilled on behalf of the captors that the faid capture is lawful prize, and that the contrary be dill

J>erfided in on the claimants behalf, that then the faid judge or udges shall forthwith caufe such capture to be appraifed by per* fons named on the part of the captor, and fworn truly to ap-praife the fame according to the bed of their (kill and knowledge $ for which purpose the (aid judge or judges lhall caufe the goods found on board to be unladen, and put into proper warehoufes^ With feparatc locks of the collector and comptroller of the cu-ftoms, and where there is np comptroller, of the naval officer, and the agents or persons employed by the captors and claimants at the charge of the party or parties defiring the fame, and shall after fdch appraifement made, and within the space of fourteen days after the making of such claim, proceed to takp good and



T74*>f] Anno<Jerimo tcrdo Georgii II. c.4;	363

fufficient fccurity from the claimants to pay the captors the full value thereof, according to such appraifement, in cafe the fame shall be adjudged lawful prize; and after such fecurity duly given? the faid judge or judges shall make an interlocutory order, for jrelealing or delivering the fame to such claimant or claimants, or his or their agents, and the faqae shall be actually releafed or delivered accordingly.

IV.	And it is further ensured by the authprity aforesaid,

That if any claimant or claimants shall refufe to give such fecurity, the juage Qr judges shall caufe the captor or captors in like manner to give gpod and fufficient fecurity, to be approved of hy the claimant or claimants, to pay the laid claimant or claimants the full value thereof according to the appraifement, in cafe any such capture or captures shall be adjudged not to be lawful prize; and the (aid judge or judges shall thereupon pro-ceed to make ar^ interlocutory order, for the releafing^ and delivering of tlje Curve to the (aid captor or captors, or their agents.

V.	And it Ts. further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all (uch captures as aforesaid, which shall be brought into any of his  Majesty’s colonies or plantations in America*- (half without breaking bulk ftay there, and be under the joint care fXid cpltody the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms, or where there is no comptroller, of the naval officer of the port or place where the^ fame shall be brought; and all the captors thereof, and their agents;, until either the fame shall by final fentence have been either cleared and discharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful prizes or that such interlocutory orders, as aforesaid* shall have been made for the releafine or delivering of the fame; and upon the condemnation or adjudication thereof as lawful prize, shall in cafe the fame were taken by any such private (hip or (hips commiffioned as aforesaid, be immediately delivered unto the captors thereof, and their agents, to be by them difpofed of as their goods and chattels; and in cafe the fame were taken by any of his  Majesty’s (hips of war.

Unto such person or persons, and to be fo divided and difpofed of, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall by prodama? tion for that purpose order and direct.

VI.	And be it further enaefted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That if any judge or judges, or other officer or officers, in any judges negle3 pf his  Majesty’s plantations or dominions abroad, to whom re- of fpe&ively it shall appertain, shall delay the doing, performing,

making, or pronouncing any of the several proceedings, matters, or things for, towards, or relating to condemning or difi-charging, releafing or delivering of any such capture, in manner aforesaid, within the refpe&ive times herein before limited, or as foon as the fame or any of them ought to be done, according to the tenor and true meaning of this a<5t, all and every such judge and judges, and other officer and officers, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the other moiety tficreof, with full cofts of futf, to such person or persons who



• *•

What shall be paid in the courts of admiralty a-bro*d,for try-mg and condemning prizes.

Appeal to

commiffion-

ers.

To forfeit treble value tor all goods cYnbeziled on board any prizes.

Anno decimo terrio Georgii II; 0.4?	[1740.

(hill inform or fue for the fame, in anf of the courts in or for any of his  Majesty’s faid colonies or plantations, or in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record within his kingdom of Great Britain,

VII.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore-faid. That there shall not be paid unto or among all the judges and officers of such court of admiralty in any of his  Majesty’s plantations or dominions abroad, for, towards, or relating to the adjudging or condemning of such capture as aforesaid, as lawful prize, aboye the sum of ten pounds, in cafe such prize, fhip, or veffel be under the burthen of one hundred tons; nor above the sum of fifteen pounds, in cafe the fame be of that or any greater burthen; and that upon payment of either of the faid refpe&ive fums, as the cafe shall require, to the faid judge or judges, or any of them, to be by him or them difpofed or divided, as he or they shall think fit, among the officers of such court, such judges and officers, and every of them, shall be liable to all and every the several penalties hereby impofed, for negledfing or delaying to do and perform their leveral and re-fpc<£fci ve duties or offices in and relating to the several proceedings aforesaid, within the refpcdhve times herein for that purpose limited,

VIII.	Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if any captor or captors, claimant or claimants, shall not reft fatisfied with the fentence given in such coqrt of admiralty in any of his  Majesty’s plantations or dominions abroad, it shall and may be lawful for the party or parties thereby aggrieved, to appeal from the faid court of admiralty to the commiflioners appointed or to be appointed under the great feal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, «nd determining appeals in caufes of prizes; such appeal to be allowed in the like manner as appeals to fqch commiflipners are nowaHdwed from the court of admiralty within this kingdom: fo as the fame be made within fourteen days after fentence, ana a good fecurity be likewise given by the appellant or appellants, that he or they will effectually profecute such appeal, and anfwer the condemnation, as also pay treble cofts, as (nail be awarded, in cafe .the fentence of such court of admiralty be affirmed; any thing in this aeft before to the contrary hereof in any wife nou withftanding. Provided always. That the execution of any fentence fo appealed from as aforesaid shall not be fufpended by reason of such appeal, in cafe the party or parties appellate shall give fufficient fecurity, to be approved of by the court in which such fentence Avail be given, to reftore the (hip, veflel, goods, or effe&s, concerning which such fentence shall be pronounced, or the full value thereof, to the appellant or appellants, in cafe the fentence fo appealed from shall be reverfed.

IX.	And be it further enaefied by the authority aforesaid. That if any commander or commanders, officer or officers, feamen, marines, foldiers, or others, shall break bulk on board, or embezil any of the money, jewels, plate, goods, merchandize, tackle, furniture, or apparel of or belonging to such prize or prizes fo taken, such commander, officer, feaman, marine,

fol-

 -

3*5

1740.] Anno decijno tertio Georg ji II. c. 4;

foldier, or others, shall forfeit treble the value of all such money, jewels, plate, goods, merchandize, tackle, furniture, or apparel, as he or they shall embezil; pne third part thereof to be to the ufe of Greenwich Hofpitaly and the other two third parts thereof to him or them that will fue for the fame, by aftion of debt, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain, in which no effoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Agent* for fale all appraifements and fales of any (hip or (hips, goods, wares; ofprizes,how or merchandizes, as shall be taken by any of his  Majesty’s (hips t^c ap?0*11*’ of war, shall be made by agents, or persons nominated and ap- C pointed in equal numbers by the commander, officer, or (hip’s company, and others intitled thereunto (that is to fay) That if

the commander or commanders of such (hip or (hips, as shall take any such prize or prizes, shall nominate and appoint one or more person or persons, agent or agents, to fell or appraife the fame as aforesaid, then the officers intitled thereunto, or the majority of them, shall nominate and appoint the like number of persons or agents to aft for them, and the (hip’s company and others, or the major part of them, shall also nominate and appoint the fame number of persons or agents to aft on their bihalf in such appraifement or fale; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend or be conftrued to alter or make void any agreement, or agreements made or to be made in writing between the owners, officers, and feamen of any private (hips or veflels of war.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Publick notice That after the fale or fales of such prize or prizes, as shall be t0 bc &*vcn taken from the enemy by any of his  Majesty’s (hips of war, dfcnaC*. publick notification shall be given by the persons or agents ap- po^ntcd to pay pointed as aforesaid, of the day appointed for the payment of the captor* the several (hares to the captors aforesaid ; after which publick (hares, notification if any mens (hares shall remain in the hands of the

persons or agents appointed as aforesaid, and shall not be legally years, to go demanded within three years, then such (hare or (hares fo re"- to Greenwich maining in the persons or agents hands shall go and bc paid to Hofpital. the ufe of Greenwich Hofpital

XII.	Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the Provifo. authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend,

or be conftrued to extend, to exempt any (hips, goods, wares, or merchandizes, which shall be taken as prize, and brought or imported into this kingdom, or any of his  Majesty’s plantations in America, from the payment of any customs or duties, or from being fubjeft to such reftriftions and regulations, to which the fame now are or shall hereafter be liable by virtue of the laws and ftatutes of this realm.

XIII.	And for the encouraging his  Majesty’s fubjefts"to engage in charters, &c. joint and united as well as feparate expences, expeditions, and to be granted adventures, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to adventu-That his Majesty be, and he, and bis heirs and fucceflor9, are rcfs-

hereby



$6$	Annb	decimo	terdo Georgci H. c.4.	£1740.

hereby impowered, from time to time during the continuance of the present or any future war, to grant or make any charter, commiflion, or grant, charters, commiflions, or grants, for the better or more effectual enabling any fociety or focieties, or particular persons, to join in any expeditions or adventures by fea or land, and to foil to and in any of the feis in America, for the attacking, furprizing, taking, or deftroying any (hips, goods, moveables and immoveables* fettlements, factories, creeks, harbours, places of ftrength, lands, forts, caftles, and fortifications, • now belonging, or hereafter to belong to, or to be poflefled by any enemy or his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, in any part or parts of America; and for the better making and carrying on any preparations for such purpose and purposes, and for the making and alluring to the focieties and persons which may be concerned, their heirs, fucceflors, executors, adminiftrators and afligns, full and undoubted properties, rights, and titles, of, in, and to, and the full enjoyment of all and every the (hips, ammunition, stores of war, goods, chattels, moveables and immoveables, fettlements, factories, places of ftrength or fecurity, lands, forts, caftles or fortifications, now belonging to, or pof-fefled by, or hereafter to belong to, or to be poflefled by any enemy of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, in any of the parts of America,, which Jiich fociety or persons shall take; or caufe to be taken from any such enemy, together with all the proceed, profits and advantages, which may accrue of or by the fame, or any of them, with and under such regulations, and in such manner and form as his* Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors shall . think fit; and at any time and times afterwards, by any further grants or charters, to confirm, corroborate, and further allure the premifles, and every or any of them, to the faid focieties ot persons concerned, their and every of their heirs, fucceflors, executors, adminiftrators or afligns, fo as to enable them, and every of them, to have, hold and enjoy the full benefit thereof according to the true intent and meaning of this adt; any law, ftatute, provifion, or declaration to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding.

JVovifo.	XIV.	Provided always. That nothing shall be contained ini

any charter, commiflion, or grant, made in purfuance of this act, to exclude or reftrain any of his Majesty* s fubjedts froni having a full and free trade to and in any part of America.

XV. And as afurther encouragement to thedfficers, feamen, marines, foldiers,- and others on board hisMajesty’s (hips of war, as also of privateers, to attack, take and deftroy any (hips of force belonging to the enemy ; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. Bounty money That there shall be paid by the treafurer of his  Majesty’s navy, *takinPorder uPon kills to mac*e f°rth kY commiffioners of the navy, (huyingth/e-to Pa^ according to the courfe thereof without fee or reward, nemici (hips, unto the officers, feamen, marines, soldiers or others, that shall have been actually on board such of hisMajesty’s (hip or fhipsof war, or privateer or privateers, in any adtion where any (hip or (hips of war, or privateers, shall have been takenfrom the enemy*, funk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, five pounas for every man

which



i74°‘] Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. c. 4.	367

which was living on board any (hip or (hips fo taken, funk,' burnt, or otherwise deftroyed, at the beginning of the engagement between them ; the numbers of such men to be prpved by1 the oaths of three or more of the chief officers, or men, which were belonging to the faid (hip or (hips of wai\ or privateers of the enemy, at the time of her or their being taken as prize, funk*, burnt or otherwise deftroyed, before the mayor, or other chief magiftrate of the port, whereunto any prize, or officers, ot men of such (hips, as were funk, burnt or otherwise deftroyed, shall be brought; which oaths the faid mayor, or other chief magiftrate of any such port, is hereby impowered and required" to adminifter, and shall forthwith grant a certificate thereof, without fee or reward, directed to the commiffioners of the navy y upon producing which certificate to the commiffioners of his  Majesty’s navy, together with anauthentick copy of the con-’ demnation of such (hip fo taken, or if such (hip be funk, burnt or otherwise deftroyed, on producing only a certificate from the mayor, or other dtiief magiftrate as aforesaid, the faid commiffioners of his  Majesty’s navy, or such person or persons as they shall appoint for that purpofe, (hall, according to the courfe of the navy, within fifteen days make out bills for the amount of such bounty, directed to the treafurer of the navy, payable to, and to be divided amongft the officers, feamen, marines and soldiers on board his  Majesty’s (hips of war, in manner, form and proportion, as by his  Majesty’s proclamation to be iflued for that purpose shall be directed and appointed ; and amongft the owners, officers and feamen of any private veflel, or (hip of war, in such manner and proportion, as by any agreement in writing thpy shall have entred into for that purpofe, shall be di-rcfted*

XVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Captors'toap. That the bill or bills to be made out for the bounty hereby point agent# granted to the commanders, officers, feamen, marines, foldiers, ^u^ty-mo^ and others of his  Majesty’s (hips of war, for taking, finking, ney# *r burning or otherwise deftroying any (hips of war, or privateers, belonging to any of his  Majesty’s enemies, shall be made payable to (uch person or persons as shall be authorized and appointed by the commander, and by the majority of the officers, and the major part of such (hip’s company, and others, as shall have taken, funk, burnt or otherwise deftroyed the fame, to be diftributed and divided by the faid person or persons fo authorized and appointed, amongft the captors, in such manner, form and proportion as aforesaid; the fevcral (hares of which captors, if not legally demanded within three years after pub-Kck notification, shall be applied to the ufe of Greenwich Hof-fital\ and that the bill or bills to be made out for the bounty hereby granted to privateers, for taking, finking, burning or Otherwife deftroying any (hip9 of war or privateers belonging to any of his Mstjefty’s enemies, shall be made payable to such person or persons as shall be nominated and appointed by the owner or owners, officers and feamen of such privateer or privateers



369	fAnnp decimo tertio Georgii II. c. 4.	1*740*

vateers, who shall have taken, funk, burnt or otherwise. deftroy-ed the fame, or the major part of them, to be divided in such i manner and proportion as shall have been agreed by them as I aforesaid.	|

Prizes of gal-	XVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further ena&ed by 1

to^ead^udSS t^ie aut^lor^ty aforesaid. That nothing herein contained (haJl in the Amc- extend/ or be conftrued to extend, to oblige or authorize any sican courts of judge of any of his  Majesty’s courts of admiralty in the plants-admiralty. tions or colonies in America, or elfewhere out of Great Britain, to adjudge or determine concerning the validity of the capture of any (hip or (hips, whether men of war or merchant (nips, commonly called Flota Ships or Galleons, or any (hip having a regifter, bound from Buenos Ayres or Honduras, or any goods on board any such (hip ; but that all such (hips called Flota Ships, or Galleons, and every (hip having a regifter, bound from Buenos Ayres, or Honduras, which shall be taken by any (hip or (hips, shall with their cargoes be tried and adjudged in his  Majesty’s high court of admiralty; any thing in this aCt to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

G f . XVIII. Provided always, and be It enaCted, That if any ti(h°fub?e6fa " ve^ or boat taken as prize, or any goods therein, shall retaken from appear and be proved in the court of admiralty to be belonging the enemy, to any of his Majesty fubjeCts of Great Britain or Ireland, or any howto be-dif. 0f the dominions and territories remaining and continuing un-**° c oi\ der his  Majesty’s protection and obedience, which were before taken or furprized by any of his  Majesty’s enemies, and afterwards again furprized and retaken by any of his  Majesty’s (hips of war, or any private man of war, or other (hip, veflel, or boat, under his  Majesty’s protection or obedience ; that then such (hips, veffels, boats, and goods, and every such part and parts thereof as aforesaid, belonging to such his  Majesty’s fubjeCts, shall be adjudged to be reftored, and shall be by decree of the faid court of admiralty accordingly reftored to such former owner or owners or proprietors, he or they paying for and in lieu of falvage, if taken by one of his  Majesty’s (hips of war, an eighth part of the true value of the (hips, veffels, boats, and goods, refpeCtively fo to be reftored ; which falvage shall be anlwered and paid to the captains, officers and feamen in the faid man of war, to be divided in such manner as before in this aCt is directed touching the (hare of prizes belonging to the flag officers captains, officers, feamen, marines and foldiers, where prizes are taken by any of his  Majesty’s (hips of war : and if taken by a privateer or other (hip, vefTel or boat, after having been in the poffelfion of the enemy twenty four hours, an eighth part of the true value of the faid (hips, veffels, boats and goods ; and if above twenty four hours, and under forty eight hours, a fifth part thereof; and if above forty-eight hours, and under ninety-fix hours, a third part thereof ; and if above ninety-fix hours, a moiety thereof: all which payments to be made to any privateer or other (hip, ve(Tel, or boat, shall be without any deductions : and if such (hip fo retaken shall appear tQ have been, after



i>40-1 Afrno decimo tchio GeoRGII It. e.4';'	369

♦ferthe taking by the enemy, by them fet forth as a man of war, the former owners and proprietors to whom the fame shall be reftored, shall be adjudged to pay, and shall pay for falvage, the full moiety of the true value of the faid (hip fo taken and reftored, without deduction as aforesaid j any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX* And be it further enaCted, That In Cafe any (hip or penalties on vefTel, or any goods or merchandizes, shall be taken by any (hips taken bj privateer through confent or clandeftinely, of by collufion or coiluGon. connivance, such (hip and veflel, and such goods and merchandizes, and also the (hip’s tackle, apparel, furniture and ammunition of such privateer, (hall, upon proof thereof to be made in his  Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, or in the court of admiralty, be declared and judged to be good prize to his Majesty, one moiety thereof shall be to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fu cceffors, and the other moiety to the ufe of (uch person who fliaN difeover and fue for the fame; and the bond given by the captain of such privateer, shall be and is hereby adjudged to be forfeited to his Majesty : and in cafe any such (hip or veflel, or any goods or merchandizes as aforesaid shall be Taken by any man of war through confent, clandeftinely, or by collufion or connivance of the commander or captain, such commander or captain shall forfeit the sum of one thousand pounds; oi*e	%%

moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccef-fors, and the other moiety to the ufe of such person whofhalldif-cover and fue for the fame ; to be recovered by aeftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majcfty’s courts of record, wherein no efioin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or any more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and such captain or officer shall forfeit his command and employment, and shall be and is hereby difabled and made incapable of any office or employment under his Majesty during the space of seven years; and the faid goods and merchandizes, and the (hip, tackle, apparel, furniture, guns and ammunition, ft) taken by collufion, shall be and is hereby adjudged to be good prize to his Majesty.

XX.	And whereas good and neceffiary laws have been made, and p^Tate?r’ Are J1UI in force, within fevered of his Majesty s colonies or planta- &c. in Amefi-tions in America, for the preventing the carrying offfrom the faid caf totake^n colonies or plantations any fervant or flavt without the confent \of the owner, or the earning off from thence any other person or persons confc*nr 0f whatsoevery until such person /hall have taken out his ticket from the the mailer* fecretary's office within such refpeftive colony or plantation, in such manner, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as in and by the faid several laws is declared and provided ; be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all commanders of .	..	.

private (hips of war, or merchant (hips having letters of marque, toobSrve^he shall upon their going into any of thofe ports or harbours, be laws of that fubjeCt and they are hereby determined to be fubjed to the fe- country, veral directions, provifions, penalties and forfeitures in and by V01. XVII.	Bb	fuch

fuch laws made and provided; any thing in this a& contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. V.

 An act for making more effeftoal three federal afts of parliament, one of the fixth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and another of the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George, For repairing the highways from Old Stratford in the countv Northampton* to Duncburcb in tie county of Warwick 5 and the third made in the tenth year of his present Majcfty’s reign, for making more effectual the laid two former afts.

The tolls are further continued for years*

CAP. VI.

 An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that parpofe. Perfons taking the oaths i Geo. *. c. 13. by S Nov. 1740. and receiving the facrament, indemnified, mad recapacitated, and their afts valid. But persons not hereby reftored no places already avoided or Ailed up.

CAP. VIL

 An act for naturalizing fucb foreign protefiants, and others therein mentioned, as are fettled, or Jhall fettle, in any of his Majeftfs colonies in America.

Pmmble.	ERE	AS	the increafe of people is a means of advancing tie

V V wealth and firength of any nation or country: and whereas many foreigners and grangers from the lenity of our government, the purity of our religion, the benefit of our laws, the advantages of our trade,* and the fecurity of our property, might he induced to come and fettle in fome of his Majeftfs colonies in America, tf they were made partakers of the advantages and privileges which the natural horn fubjeffs of this realm do enjoy 5 be it therefore enacted by the King's moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con* font of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in thir Foreigners preferit parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, hving7 years That from and after the first dayof^W, in the year of our Lord in any of our one thotjfand seven hundred and forty, all persons bom out of colonies, to be the ligeance of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, who have ^v^onTak- habited and refided, or shall inhabit orrefide, for the fpaceof lug the oaths, ^cvcn years or more, in any of his  Majesty’s colonies hi Ante* tec,	rica, and shall not have been abfent out of fome of the faid co-

lonies for a longer space than two months at any one time during the faid seven years, and shall take and fubferibe the oaths, ana make, repeat, and fubferibe the declaration appointed by an act made in the first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled,  An act for the furtherfecurity of his Majeftfs person and government, and the fuccejfion of the crown in the heirs of the late Princefs Sophia, being proteftants; and for ex-iinguijbbig the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, his open and 9®!****	fecret abettors ; or being of the people called Quakers* shall make

declraitLn of anc*	the	declaration	of fidelity, and take and affirm the

Sdciity, &c» effeft of the abjuration oath, appointed and preferibed by mi

aft

■v

 (^.ooQle

174**] Anno cJedfniTtertfo GboRQII II. C. 7.	jjt

«6fc made in the eighth year of the reign of his faid late Majcfly, imitated, An a& for granting the people called Quakers, fuck forms affirmation or declaration, as my remove the difficulties which many of them lie under \ and also make and fubferibe the pro* fefion.ofbis chriftian belief, appointed and preferibed by an a6k made in the first year of the reign of their late majefties King iPtiHam and Queen Mary, intituled, An a8 far exempting their Majtfties protejlant fubjefts from the penalties of certain laws; before the chief judge, or other judge of the colony wherein such persons refpc&ively have fo inhabited and refided, or shall fo inhabit and refide, (hail be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be his  Majesty’s natural born fabje&$ of this kingdom, to all intents, conftru&ions, and purposes, as if they, and every of thecn, had been or were bom within this kingdom ; which faid oath or affirmation and fubfeription of the faid declarations ref-pedively the qhief judge or other judge of every of the faid ref* pedive colonies is hereby enabled and impowered to adminiftef and take; and the taking and fubferibing of every such oaths or formation, and the making, repeating, and fubferibing of every such declaration, shall be before such chief judge or other judge, in .open court, between the hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon; and shall be entered in the fame court, and also in the fecretary’s office of the colony wherein such person shall fo inhabit and refide: and every cnief judge or other judges of Entries to be every refpe&ive colony, before whom such oaths or affirmation JJ1 shall be taken and every such declaration shall be made, repeat- puWcltm-cd, and fubferibed as aforesaid, is hereby required to make a fpettion. due and proper entry thereof in a book to be kept for that pur-pofe in the (aid court; for the doing whereof two (hillings and z«. to be paid* no more shall be paid at each rcfpedUve place, under the penal* ^nd no more, ty and forfeiture of ten pounds of lawful money of Great Britain for every negledt or omiffion : and in like manner cveiy fecre- ty. ’ ^ tary of the colony wherein any person shall fo take the faid oaths or affirmation, and make, repeat, and fubferibe the (aid decla- The f*®« rations refpeaively, as aforesaid, is hereby required to make a due and proper entry thereof in a book to be kept for that pur- t0 pofe in his office, upon notification thereof to him by the chief judge or other judge of the fame colony, under the like penalty and forfeiture for every such negle& or omiffion.

II.	Krovided always, and be it enabled by the authority afore- Bach qualified (kid. That 00 perfon, of what quality, condition, or place fo- person to re-ever, other than and except fiich of the people called Quakers ccive as shall qualify themselves and be naturalized by the ways and means herein before-mentioned, or such who profefs the Jewijb and Jewi religion, shall be naturalized by virtue of this act, unleis such zo Geo- *• peiton shall have received the facrament of the Lord’s fupper in * 44* ibme proteftant and reformed congregation within this kingdom of Great Britain^ or within fotne of the faid colonies in America within three months next before his taking and fubfcribing the laid oaths, and making; repeating, and fubferibing thedaid declaration, and shall at the time of his taking and fubicriblng the laid oaths and making, repeating, and fubferibing the (aid de-

fi b 2	da-

37*	Anno	dccimo	tcrtio	Georgii II. c.7.'	[1740,

claration, produce a certificate figned by the person adminiftring the faid facrament, and attefted by two credible witnefles, whereof an entry lhall be made in the fecretary’s office of the colony wherein such person shall fo inhabit and refide, as also in the court where the faid oaths shall be fo taken as aforesaid, without any fee or reward.

III.	And whereas the following words are contained in the latter K part of the oath of abjuration, Videlicet, (upon the true faith of achriftian) And whereas the people profeffing the Jewi/b religion may thereby be prevented from receiving the benefit of this aft ; be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That whenever any Jcw,ta£,nS person profeffing the jewijh religion shall present himfelf to take omit>fome,nay fa*** oat^ or abjuration in purfuance of this adt, the faid chriftian ex- words (upon the true faith of a ebrifiian) shall be omitted out of preflions. the faid oath in adminiftring the fame to such perfon, and the taking and fubferibing the faid oath by such person profeffing the Jewijh religion, without the words aforefeid, and the other oaths appointed by the faid adt in like manner as Jews mm permitted to take the oath of abjuration, by an ad made in the tenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled.  An act for explaining and amending an aft of the lafi fejfion of portia* ment, intituled, An adt to oblige all persons, being papifts, in that part of Great Britain called Scotlandy and all persons in Great Britainy refufing, or neglecting to take the oaths appoint* ed for the fecurity of his  Majesty’s person and government, by several adts herein mentioned, to regifter their names and real estates ; and for enlarging the time for taking the faid oathty and making such regijlersy and for allowing further time for the inrohnent ,	of deeds or wills made by papijlsy which have been omitted to be in-

rolled purfuant to an aft of the third year of his Majefifs reign ; and also for giving relief to protefiant lejfeesy shall be deemed a fufficient taking of the faid oaths, in order to intitle such per-Certificates fon to the benefit of being naturalized by virtue of this adt. given by the JV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, colony, of refi- That a teftimonial or certificate under the feal of any of the the o^hi, &c. colonies, of any persons having refided and inhabited to be allied * for the space of (even years or more as aforesaid within the faid proper evi- colonies or fome of them, to be fpecified in such certificate, to-dence in all the gether with the particular time of refidence in each of such ref-Sreat Britain PC(^VC colonies (whereof the colony under the feal of which and Ireland. such certificate shall be given to be one) and of his having taken and fubferibed the faid oaths, and of his having made, repeated, and fubferibed the faid declaration, and in cafe of a Quaker, of his having made and fubferibed the declaration of fidelity, and of his having taken and affirmed the effedi of the abjuration oath as aforesaid, and in the cafe of a person profeffing the jewijh religion, of his having taken theoathof abjuration as aforesaid, within the fame colony, under the feal whereof such certificate shall be given as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be a fufficient teftimony and proof thereof, and of his being a natural born fubjedt of Great Britainy to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and as such shall be allowed in every court within

 boodle

373

the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and also in the faid colonics in America.

Vv And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid. That Secretary of every secretary of the faid refpedlive colonies for the time being, the colony to shall and is hereby directed and required at the end of every year over tohe computed from the faid first day of June, in the year of,onen°cf Trade otir Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty, to tranfmit and lift* yearly, to fend over to the office of the commiflioners for trade and plan- be regiftred in tations kept in the city of London or Westminster, a true and England j rerfedt lift of the names of all and every penon and persons who have in that year intitled themselves to the benefit of this adl, under the penalty and forfeiture of fifty pounds of lawful money on penalty 6i of Great Britain for every negledt or omiflion: all which faid lifts 50I. fo transmitted and fent over, shall from year to year be duly and regularly entered by the faid commiuioners, in a book or books to be had and kept for that purpose in the faid office for publick view' and infpedtion as occafion shall require.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That b. no person who shall become a natural bom fubjedt of this king- Extended to dom by virtue of this adfr, shall be of the privy council, or a the Umtas member of either houfe of parliament, or capable of taking, Tratrum ty having, or enjoying any office or place of truft within the king- *°J™* *• doms of Great Britain or Ireland, eitlier civil or military, or of * having, accepting, or taking any grant from the crown to him-felf, or to any other in truft for him, of any lands, tenements; or hereditaments within the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ire* land; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. VIII.

 An act to explain and amend an act made in the firjt year of the reign of her late majefiy Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the more effectual preventing the abuies and frauds of persons employed in the working up the woollen, linen, fuftian, cotton, and iron manufactures of this kingdom •, and for extending the faid aft to the manufaflures of leather.	;

\Af HEREAS by an all made in the firjl year of the reign of	*

* " her late majefiy Queen Anne, intituled, An adt for more effedtual preventing the abufes and frauds of persons em- ^Ann. ft u ployed in the working up the woollen, linen, fuftian, cotton, c. ig. ana iron manufadfcures of this kingdom ; it is, amongjl other things, enafled, That if any person or persons employed in working up of woollen, linen, fuftian, cotton, or iron manufaflures, Jhould em-bezil, or pnrloin any wefts, thrums, or ends of yarn, or any other materials of woolI, hemp, flax, cotton, or iron, with which he, Jhe, or they was, were, or Jhould be intrufied to work upon, or Jhould reel Jbort or falfe yarn, and Jhould be thereofconvifled in fuck manner at & find by the faid aft is preferibed, Jhould forfeit double the value of ,	-	Pb3	m

Manufacturers of woollen. See. embeziling fiKttt rials, to forfeit double

value $

Anno dccun© tertio GtORdil II. c.8.	{1740;

the damages done, for the ufi of the poor of the faid parish 1 eoOd k tafe the offender or offenders to he convicted as in the faid aft is me* tiohedy Jbould neglett or refufe to pay their forfeiture or forfeitures, that then it Jbould and might be lawful to and for one jujhce of the peace of the county where fueb offence /hall be committed, to catsfi the faid offender to be committed to the houfe of correction, until JaUsfac-tion Jbould be made \ and in cafe it Jbould appear to the fmd juftiu* that the faid offender was not able to make fatisfaClion, then the fad offender ts to be there pitblickly whipped, and kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding fourteen days : and by the faid aft it is fur* ther enacted, That every perjen buying or receiving any wefts9 thrums9 pr ends of yarn, or any other materials of woolly hempy flax9 cottony or iron9 and being thereof lawfully convtCted in sbpmer as in the feed atl is mentionedy Jhall fitffer the like penalties and forfeitures en out eonviflei purfuant to the Jaid atl for purloining and embesdbng of the faid materials; which faid ad was made temporary only ; hut based by experience found to be hentficialy was, by another aCt pqffei in the ninth yiar of the reign of her faid late Majesty, made perpetual: and whereas doubts have arifen9 whether the before mentiosud clashes in the faid aCt of the firjl year of the reign of her faid late Majtfky9 extend to the embezilingwgolleny linen yfujhan, cottony and ironmmu-faCtureSy actually wrought or made up into merchantable wares9 etui whether the faid forfeiture of double the value of the damages done$ when recovered, Jbould be applied for theufe of the poor tf the parifis Where the persons injured Jhall rejpettively live9 or for the uft ofthe poor of the parijh in which the offence has been or Jhall be committed: and whtreasuhe forfeitures ana penalties to which offenders are fob-jetted by the recited a tty have proved ineffectual to assfwer the per-pofes thereby intended; now to explain and amend the laid aA, fo far as the fame relates to the matters aforesaid, be it enaAed by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons^ m this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority1 dr 'the fame, That if any peribn or persons who shall be hired or employed in the working up of any woollen, linen, fudian^ cotton, or iron manufactures, (hall, after the first day of May9 one tboufand seven hundred and forty, purloin, imbezil, fe-cret, fell, pawn, exchange or otherwise illegally difpofe of any the materials with which he, (he, or they shall be refpeAively intruded to work up such woollen, linen, fiidian, cotton^ or iron manufactures, whether the fame or any part thereof be or be not fird wrought, made up, or manufactured, or shall reel fhqrt orfalfe yarn, the person or persons fo offending, and being thereof convicted in manner and form as is preferibed by the (aid recited aCt for the conviction of persons who shall embezil, or purloin any of the materials therein mentioned, he, (he, or they shall feverally forfeit double the value of the damages, which the owner or owners of such materials, whether the fame or any part thereof be or be not manufactured, shall fefoeAively Aidain thereby, together with such cods of profeemion Pot every such offence as shall be adjudged rpafonable by the jafticc of the

*****



1740.] Anno decimo term Georgii II. c.8.	375

peace, before whom such offender or offenders refpeCtively shall fee convicted ; and in cafe immediate payment of the refpeCtive forfeitures, together with such cods of profecution as aforesaid, fiball be negleSed or refufed to be made, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the fame juftice of the peace, before whom such conviction shall be made, to caufe the faid offender or offenders to be committed to the houfe of correction, to be there whipped, and kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding fourteen days; and in cafe of a further conviction for or°r be feet to on a fecond or other subsequent offence of any perfon, for beziling or purloining any of the materials in the faid aCt mca-^ whipped* tioned, either before the fame or any part thereof shall be wrought, made up, or converted into merchantable wares, the

J>erfon or persons fo offending, shall for every fecond or other ubfequent offence, being thereof convicted in manner as is F°r a fecond mentioned in the faid recited aft, forfeit four times the valucoff^^tofoJ! of the damages, which the owner or owners of such materials, fcitfourtimes^ whether the feme be or be not wrought, made up, or manu-the value, faCtured refpeCtively, shall fuftain thereby, together with such cofts of profecution as shall be adjudged reafonable by the ju-ftice before whom such offender or offenders shall be thereof reipedively conviCled; and in cafe immediate payment of the relpeCUve forfeitures, together with such cofts of profecution as aforesaid, shall be ncgleCted or refufed to be made, that then such juftice, or any other juftice of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, or place, where such offences shall be committed, shall caufe the faid offenders refpeCtively to be committed to the houfe of correction, to be there kept to hard or Tent to the labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor lefs than houfe of cor-one month, as to such iuftice shall feem reafonable; and alforc*tion* during the time of such offender or offenders refpeCtive commitment or commitments, shall caufe the faid offender or offenders to be publickly whipped in the market town where such and publickly offender or offenders shall be refpeCtively committed, at the whipp'd, market-place or crofs of such town once or oftner as to such juftice shall feem reafonable.

II.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, ThatRc<£|vm every person or persons who from and after the first day of May% jc& t0 the one thousand seven hundred and forty, shall buy or receive, fame penal* accept or take, by way of gift, pawn, pledge, or fale, of or tics, from any or either of the persons herein or in the faid recited aCt mentioned, any woolen, linen, fuftian, cotton, or iron manufactures, either before or after the fame shall be wrought, made up, manufactured, or converted into merchantable wares, knowing the fame to be fo purloined or embeziled, and being thereof lawfully convicted in manner before-mentioned, he, ihe, and they mall feverally fuffer, and are hereby fubjeCted to the like forfeitures and penalties refpeCtively, as are by this or the faid recited aCt, inflicted on persons purloining or embezil'-ing such of the materials, or manufactures enumerated or men-r

B b 4	tioned



Anno dedmo terdo Georgii II. c. 6. f 1740.

tioned in the faid before recited aft, or herein before in this present act.

Forfeitures, III. And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That the bait to the in- forfeitures mentioned and incurred by the faid recited a&, and and h3f^ton, a^° forfeitures created or given by this present act, shall the poor of the from and after the faid first day of May, one thouland seven hun-parifh. dred and forty, when recovered, be applied in manner following (that is to fay) one moiety thereof to the ufe of the party or parties injured, and the other moiety thereof to the ufe of the poor of the parish only where the offence shall be committed, with the like liberty and benefit of appealing to all parties, as is given in and by the faid recited act of the first year of her faid Jafe Majesty.

IV.	And fjuhereas many frauds and abufes have of late been litewtfe committed by persons employed in cutting out and manufacturing of Jkins, leather^ and other materials intogloves, breeches^ boots, JboeSy flippers9 and other wares and manufaCtureSy by purloining, embexil-ingy fecretingy fellings pawningy or exchanging fucb Jkinsy leatherf and other materiahy or in fome other manner, wherefore it is become neceffary to make provifton for dtfeoveringy preventing, and punijbing such offences ; and for the better regulating such persons as arc or Workers in (ball be employed in the premifies laft mentioned, be it further leather to pay enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if from and after the double the fajd frfft day cf Mayy one thousand seven hundred and forty, imb«nhnent any Per^°Q or persons hired or employed, or to be hired or employed, in cutting, paring; wafhing, dreffing, fewing, making up, or otherwise manufacturing of gloves, breeches, leather, flans, boots, (hoes, flippers, wares, or other goods or materials to be made ufe of in any of the trades or employments, or in manner laft mentioned, or in any branch or particular thereof, shall fraudulently purloin, embezil, fecret, fell, pawn, or exchange all or any part of the gloves, breeches, leather, (kins; parings, or (hreads of gloves, or leather, oi* other materials, with which he, (he, or they shall be intruded to work up or ■manufacture, or shall purloin, tmbezil, fecret, fell, pawn, or .exchange any gloves, breeches, boots, (hoes, flippers, or wares, when made, wrought up, or manufactured, or do or wilfully permit any other adt, whereby to leflen the value of such pr any part of such gloves, breeches, leather, (kins, parings, pr (breads of gloves, or leather, boots, (hoes, flippers, or other wares laft particularized, either before or after the fame shall be rcipectively fo made into wares, and be thereof lawfully convicted upon the oath or affirmation of the mafter or owner of fucli goods or wares, or any other credible witness or witneffes, or by the confeffion of the person or persons charged with the fact, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, or place, where such offence shall be committed, or where the party or parties fo charged shall refide or inhabit (which oath or affirmation such juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to adminifter and take) Juch juftice or juftices shall and may award the person or persons





377

Anno-^icimo tertio]GlORGli II. c.8.

fo offending; to make a reafonable and fuitable recompence and fatisfaCtion for every offence, to the parties refpeCtively injured, for the damage by them fuftained, fo as the fame do not exceed double the value of the gloves, breeches, leather, boots, (hoes, flippers, wares, goods, or materials, by (uch offender or offenders fo purloined or embeziled, fetretea, fold, pawned, or exchanged ; one half thereof to go to the party or parties grieved, and the other half thereof to go and be applied to the life of the*2^* poor of the parish or place where such offence shall be committed, ot|ier t0’ t^e together with the full charges attending such conviction, to be poor of the levied by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and feals parilh $ of such juftice or juftices by diftrefe and fale of the offenders \^a goods, rendering the overplus upon demand to the owner; but lenders ** if such offender or offenders shall not have goods fufficient to . anfwer for levying the forfeitures and the expences and charges attending the premises, and shall slfo negleCt or refufe immediately to pay the fame, that then the faia offender and offenders (nail by like warrant of such juftice or juftices laft deferibed be for every diftinCt offence committed to the houfe of correo2oufeo£coew tion or other publick prison of such county, riding, city, town, re£Hon for «" or place, and there kept to hard labour for the space of fourteen fortnight and, days, and shall be there likewise whipped in such manner as the there whipp’d* faidjuftice or juftices shall order and direCt; and in cafe also of a subsequent conviction for or on a fecond or any other such like and for any offence, the person or persons fo offending for every fecond or subsequent of-other subsequent offence, being thereof convicted in manner be-fore-mentioned, shall forfeit four times the value of the dama- the value, ges which the owner or owners of such materials, either before ^rafter the fame shall be refpeCtively made up into wares, shall fuftaip thereby, together with such cofts of profecution as shall be adjudged reafonable by the juftice before whom such offender or offenders shall be thereof refpeCtively convicted ; and in or fentto the cafe immediate payment of the rcfpcCtive forfeitures, together	cor*

with such cofts of profecution as aforesaid, shall be neglected orceS?"*"****" refufedto be made, that then it shall and maybe lawful to and month*, or for such juftice to commit the offender oroffenders laft deferibed lefs than one, to the houfe of correction, or other publick prison, to be there . kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, j^kly nor lefs than one month, as to such juftice shall feem reafonable; whipp’d, and also during the time of such offender or offenders refpeCtive commitment or commitments, shall caufe the faid offender or offenders to be publickly whipped in the market town where such offender or offenders shall be refpeCtively committed at the market place or crofs of such town, once or oftener as to such juftice shall feem reafonable.

V.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, rcccjvcfs That every person and persons who shall knowingly or willing- to ly, from and after the faid first day of May, one thousand fe-famepe-ven hundred and forty, buy or receive, accept or take, by way nalties. of pawn, pledge, or fade, or in «jny other manner, of or from any or cither of the persons offending in either of the particur

to*





378	Anno dedmo tcrtio Georgh IL C. t, [1740,

Jars in this ad laft mentioned, or of or from any other period

or persons whatibever (except of or from the peribn or perfoas in whom the property of such gloves, breeches, leather, boots, (hoes, Aippers, wares, goods, or other materials shall be at the time of such (ale, pawn, or exchange) or offer fo to do, such person or perions offending therein refpedively, shall for every offence, being convided thereof in manner aforesaid, make such fuitable and reafonahle recompence and fatisfa&ion within two days next after the matter of fad shall from time to time be determined by any one or more juftice or juftices as aforesaid, upon hearing the fame (he and they being; hereby in this refpcd also impowered fo to do) or elfe be (ubjed to such diftrefs, and for want of (ufficient diftrels to be liable to the like puniftiment as is hereby direded to be inflided on such person or persons as shall purloin, imbezil, fecret, fell, pawn, or exchange any gloyes, breeches, leather, boots, (hoes, flippers, wares, goods, or other materials or effeds of that fort as aforesaid, and fo in like manner for any fecond and every o-ther subsequent offence.

VI.	And to prevent opprefSon of the labourers and workmen employed in any refped in or about making or manufacturing of gloves, breeches, boots, (hoes, flippers*, wares, or goods of that fort before-mentioned; be it enadea by the au-Workmen to thority aforesaid, That from and after the (aid first day of Map* be paid their one thousand seven hundred and forty, all payments and (atis-wages in mo- faction hereafter to be made to any such labourers, manufao ***’	turers,	and workmen, employed as aforesaid, for any work by

them done in and about such manufadures, shall be in and of the lawful coin of this realm only, and not by any vi&uals, goods, or commodities whatsoever, in lieu thereof fexcept at and by his and their requeft and confent only) and all goods and materials delivered out to be wrought up in the manufacture laft mentioned, ftiall be delivered with a declaration at the fame time, of the true weight, quantity, or tale thereof, on pain that every offender in either of the faid cafes shall forfeit and pay to such labourer, manufadurer, or worker, double the value <A what shall be due for such work by him, her, or bxxi to pay them done and performed; and if any such labourer, manufac-doubled a- torer, or worker, as is laft deferibed, shall be guilty of any mages,»f found fraud, abufc, neglcd, or default in the work by him, her, or them un(*crtahcn to he done, then such labourer, manufadurer, or worker shall allow and anfwer to the owner of such work doable the damages thereby fuftained.

Complaints to yjl. And be it further tnaded by the authority aforesaid, Jfeterminedby ^hat all wages, demands, frauds, abufes, negleds, and dc-tpo juftices. y fruits of labourers, manufadurers, and workmen m the trades laft above-mentioned, for or concerning any work done Hi that manufrdure, shall and may be heard ancl determined by any two juftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, town, or place, where the matter in controverfy shall happen or arife, who arc hereby impowered to fummou and exa-.	mine



*74°-] Aon© decliw* ttrtio Gborgii II. e. 8.	379

foine vritneffhs on oath of affirmation, concerning the fiioie, . which oath or affirmation (he faid juftices are to adminifter and take.

VIII.	And for the better regulating the journeymen and o-Jourrtgrmea (her persons employed as amiutfadnrera or workers in the trade f® perronn the hr bufinefs laft above-men honed; be it further, enacted by the jjJ11* authority aforesaid, That all ahd every person aod persons who ^ shall at any time after the first day of May* ©rte thousand fo-

hen hundred aod forty, be first retained or employed in the making up of any glove*; byeCcbes< boots, lhocs, flippers, or other wares as aforesaid, for arty bne matter, and foall ntghft the performance thereof, either by procuring of permitting himfclf to be fobfeqnently retained or employed by any other matter or person whatfoevet, before he or they shall have com* pleated the work pr  service in or to do whicn he or they was or were first and originally fo retained or employed, ana shall be first delivered to him or them; then and in every such cafe every person fo offending, bring thereof lawfully convifted by the oath or oaths, affirmation or affirmations, of one or more credible witness or whnefies, before one or more juftice or justices of the peace, where the offence or offences shall be com* or be fent to mined, the person or persons fb convifted shall be fent to thethe °/ houfe of correftion, there to be kept to hard labour for any ^!^>n f0f -rime not exceeding one month.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Perfons ag-

ehority aforesaid. That if any person or persons shall think him. Sieved may her, dr themselves aggrieved by any judgment or order of the	thc

laid two juftices, it mail and may be lawful for such perfon181 * and persons to appeal from the judgment, order, and determination of the faid two juftices, to the juftices of the peace at

their next general quarter felfiens of the peace, to be held for

the fame county, tiffing, divifion, city, town, or place, wheiU

the matter in difpute mail arise (giving right days notice ofgWng eight

fuch appeal, to the person or persons against whom such appealday*notlce’

fhall be brought and profecuted) and such juftices of the peace

at their next general quarter feffidns, art hereby inipowered to	'

fommon and examine witnefles on oath dr affirmation (which

oath or affirmation they are hereby inipowered to adminifter

and take) and to hear and finally determine the matter of the

faid appeal, and at such quarter-leffions shall award and order

to the party on whofe benalf such appeal is determined, fuch

reafonable cofts and charges to be paid by such appellant, or

by the person or persons appealed againft, in regard of fuch

'appeal, as to the faid juftice?'or the major part of them foal

feem meet; but no order made by the faid two juftices of the

peace as aforesaid shall be appealed from, quafoed, or vacated

for want of form only.

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and declared, Provifo,

That no person shall by virtue of the faid recited aft, or this

aft, fuffer the punifoments therein direfted twice for one and foe fame fa$ and offence.

XL And



3*0

Aft i Anns, and this aft9 to extend to Scotland.

Preamble, reciting the aft nGeo.x.c.38.

Anno derimd tertio GkorOii II. c. 9,—1 r. [174a.

' XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeCaid, That the faid recited act paffed in the first year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (and made perpetual as aforcfaid) and this present ad, and all the daufes, provifioris, pains, penalties, and forfeitures therein and herein contained, shall from and after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and forty, .extend and be conftrued and adjudged to extend and be put In force, in that part of Great	called	Scat-

land> in as full and ample niianner as the before-mentioned ads are to be put in force and executed in that part of Great Britain called England;and the pains, penalties, and forfeitures, which shall be incurred by virtue of the before-mentioned ads, or either of them, shall be inflided, levied, and taken in the fame manner, and by such ways and means, as the f ains, penalties, and forfeitures are in and by the before-mentioned ads or either of them, direded, ordered, and appointed; and if any offence against this ad shall be committed within that part of Great Britain called Scotlandt and determined by one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, as herein before direded, no warrant for poyndeing or diftraining that {hall be fffued by any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, ftiaU be ftopped, dr lifted by any fufpeniuon, lift, or other proccfs whatsoever, except an appeal entered to the quarter fefltons. of the peace, as herein before direded.

CAP. IX.	••

An aH for repairing t}?e road	Hocklifie,

county of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the county of Buckingham.

CAP. X.

 An act for punching mutiny and dcfertion j and for the better payment of the army and weir quarters. EXP.

CAP. XI.

An ail for the more effeQual improving the navigation of the river Dun, from a place called Wilfickhoufe in the ** parijh of Barmby Dun in the county of York, to Ftfhlock ; Ferry in the fame county.

\\T HEREAS by an aft of parliament made and paffed in V V- the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Firfii intituled, An act for making the river Dun in the weft riding of the county of York navigable, from Holmfile in Don-cajlcr up to the ytmoft extent of Tinjley weftward, a townfhip within two miles of Sheffield, the mafler, wardens % fear chert, af-fiftants, and commortalty of the company of Cutlers in Hallamfhire, tn the county of York, their fuccejfors and affigns, are nominated and appointed undertakers of the faid navigation, with power to make the faid river navigable at their own expence from Holmftile aforcfaid, up the faid river qbove Holmftile to the utmojl extent of Tinflcy

yjejlwaru.



I740-] Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. c. ir;	'381!

wejhvard, and for making and ereHing wharfs and wareboufes, locks and dams, and for making towing-paths on the banks of the faid river for the haling ofveffels with men or hotfes, and for pur-ehafing lands for the purposes aforesaid-, and also fucb powers of taking tonnage and lock dues, and other fums of money, as a recompence for the expence they JbaU be at in making the faid river navigable, as in the faid alt is mentioned: and whereas ay another alt made in is6eo.i.c*20b the thirteenth year of the reign of his faid late Majejiy, intituled,

An act for improving the navigation of the river Dun, from k place called Holmftile in the townfhip of Dowdier, in the coun-

Sof Tori> to Wilftek Houfe, in the parish of Barmby Dun, in e faid county, the mayor, aldermen, and burgeffes of the borough of Doncaftcr, in the faid county of York, their successors and af-figns, are nominated and appointed undertakers of the laid lajl-men-tioned navigation, and they are thereby impowered by themfehes, their fervants, agents, workmen, and ajjigns, at their own expend to make the fame river pajfable with boats, barges, lighters, and 0-ther vejfels, at all times in the year, from a place called Wilfick Houfe to Holmftile aforesaid, and to four and eleanfe the (did river, and to make ways and bridges, locks, cuts, dams, and exercife all fuck other powers and authorities, as in and by tbf faid lajl-men-tioned alt are given and granted to them; and also to make towing-paths on the banks of the faid river for hating of vejfels with men or horfes; and also to purebafe lands for the purposes aforesaid; and also to take tonnage, lock dues, and other fums of money, as a recompence for the expences they /ball be at in making the fend river navigable 5 and to exercife fucb other powers and authorities as are mentioned in the faid lajl-mcntioned alt: and whereas by one other 6 qWIi alt of parliament made in the fixtb year of the reign of his present * *	'

majefty King George the Second, intituled. An adt to explain and amend two a&s of parliament, one made in the twelfth, and the other in the thirteenth year of his late  Majesty’s reign, for making navigable the river Dun in the county of York, and for the better perfe&ing and maintaining the faid navigation, and for uniting the several proprietors thereof into one company 5 reciting (amongjl other things) that for the better carrying on and compleating of the faid navigation, it was found necejjary that the undertakers of both the faid navigations Jhould be united into one tom ^ pany and copartnerfbip, and that all the inter eft of the undertakers of both the faid navigations fbould be divided into one hundred and fifty Jbares, to be dijlributei unto and among the faid two corporations and others the contributors to the faid undertakers, in proportion to the several fums of money by them refpeHively advanced towards carrying on both the faid navigations: and it was by the faid loft mentioned all enalled, That the powers and authorities given ana granted by the two in part recited alfSy pqjfed in the twelfth and thirteenth years of his late Majesty King George the Firjl, Jhould be vejl-ed in the faid united company, for the better carrying on, making,

'maintaining, and perfelting of the faid navigation, as well above as below Holmftile, according to toe rules and orders in the faid all made in the fixtb year of the reign of his present Majesty are

ex-



.Auw decimo tertio	II.	c.	>t.	{1749*

ftpreffied, find ftmld fir that pvrpoft hi ons body politick and cerpar rote by the name ofTkz company of propriejtoa pf tbt oaviga* tmi of the r^ver Z)i«r;	the	Jam?	name	Jhould	have perpetual

ficceftpn, find ftmld have a common fial, and by that name/U*d4 and might fie and be fied, and alfi ftmld have fich powers and thorities, as the find tm corporations, or either <f them; were if the laid recited a&s of the twelfth and thirteenth years of the reign bis Jaid hue Majesty, or either of them, tnvefted with, (except as in the faid aft of the fixtb year of the reign of Ins preftnt Mbr fifty is excepted:) and wnereas the Jaid company ef proprietors of the navigation of the river Dwb, have (in pursuance of the faid in part recited a&s., and in putting in execution the powers and authorities thereby refpeftivdy granted and given) laid out and expended the sum of t wenty four thousand pounds and upwards, whereby they have made and perfected a good navigation from the town of Rotherham* Upon the fiid [river, to Wilfiek Howie, in the pariA efttqavfrr Dun, in the faid county: and whereas the jaid riveruM is already navigable and pajfable for boots> lighters, and other vcjfek, from Wilfiek Houfe aforefind, to Ftfhlock Fewy in the /aid county ef York, part of the year-, but in time of neap tides and dry feafions beats cannot pefs on that part of the fend river, to the great bin-drance and prejudice f trade: and wnereas the improving of the nat vigation of the faid river, and making the fame navigable at aB times and feafions, wiH be very beneficial to trade, and advantageous to the poor, and a great encouragement to the manufactures cf iron, and convenient fir the carriage of lead, coals, lime, film, timber, and other heavy goods, wares, and merchandizes to and from tbt towns>, and parts adjacent or near to the faid river, and dlfe to and from Derhy(hire, Chefhire, Lancashire, and other difiant conn** ties, and to and from London, andfeveral other parts of this king-dm, and will very much tend to the employing, and the increcfe cf watermen and feameti, and be a means to prefierve the high waysi and promote the publick good of this kingdom: wherefore may it pleafe your most excellent Majesty, that it may be eiuded»c9fi*;

The proprietors to make the river Dun navigable from Wilfiek Houfe tp Fifhlock Ferry in Com' York, by gleaning drains, fee. and cutting trees, fee. To fatisfy all damages. Commifiioners to determine differences be* twixt undertakers and proprietors of mills, fee. If the undertakers are difiatisfied with commilfioners determination, Iheriff or coroners to im» panel a jury of freeholders, on penalty of 50 1. whole verdift shall be final, Records of verdifts and proceedings of commifiioners and juries, to b* kept by the town clerk of Doncafter. On paying the damages aflefled, undertakers may pull down mills, fee. Undertaken may turvey, fee. giving notice to the owner of the land, fee. and paying damage, if e£? ceeding 6d. No person /hall aft as a com million er, unlels he has a freehold eltate, &c. of the yearly value of 100I. Damages unfettled by agreement of parties, or verdift of commiifioners, may be aicertained by a. Jury. If titles of lands are in difpute, commiflioners (on giving notice) may proceed to judgment. Satisfaction to be immediately paid after legal determination. Dam above Bramwith upper ford, to be raised so inches from low-water mark. Banks to defend low grounds from damages to be railed at the charge of the undertakers. Undertakers shall make a dough under the cut ot such dimenGons as R.Portiagton,fec. shall direft, and build a bridge crofs the cut for carts and carriages f and make a wall

againft



1740*3 Anno dedoao tcrtio Georgii II. c. 12.	383

tgaiaft the orchards, &c. belonging to W.Simpfon. Undertakers to build a wood bridge crofs Stainfbrth Ford, and maintain the fame. Undertaken may make towing-paths, '&c. but not on the fouth fide of the river.

Undertakers may fet up convenient gates in the towing paths5 and buiki bridges over the new cuts. Notice to be given 30 days before commiflion-ers meeting. The undertakers shall have for every cuitomarv ton of coals *nd bark, lime, done, wood, and timber of English growth, ad. for all other goods which shall be carried up or down the river, through the lower end of the cut at Barmby Dun, and through the lock at Barrawith and S tain forth, 4 d. (or every cultomary ton which is declared to be 3500 weight. Goods of the neighbouring growth, between Goole and the lower entf of Barraby Dun, exempted. Goods landed in the neighbourhood, to pay no duty) unless (hipped again. Inhabitants of Doncatter, &c. to payed, per ton. Grain of any kind, carried down the river Dun, to pay no duty. A bridge to be built at Stainforth. Boat-matter's name to be wrote in large letters on the out fide of the craft, on the penalty of 40 s. Boats to t>e meafured, and marked on the outfide, on penalty of dl. Commiffioners to determine differences. Opening locks, &c. malici-oufly, and mif-(pending the water, to forfeit 5 L River Dun deemed a navigable river, not fubje& to the infpe&ion of commiffioners of fewers.

No ballaft,&c. to be thrown into the new cut, on penalty of 301. Ballaft,

See. may be thrown on the banks. Rights faved to the mayor, Sec. of York j and commilhoners of fewers, of Com' York, Lincoln, and Nottingham. Land owners may ufe pie attire boats, and fiih and fowl. Scc.

CAP. XII.

An all for making a chapel lately built by Robert Downes, goldfmitb, and others, in the town of Sheffield, in the county of York, a perpetual cure and benefice \ and fors making a provijion for the maintenance of the curate or minijler of the faid chapel\ purfuant to an agreement for that purpofe.

WHEREAS the town ^Sheffield, in the county of York, is of great extent and very populous and hath only one parijb church therein, which, although it is a large and fpacious building, cannot contain one half of the people of the Jaid town for the commodious attending and hearing divine service: and whereas, by an in-Jlrument under the hand and arcbiepifcopal feal of the mojl reverend father in God, William, late lord archbijhop of York, bearing date the fecond day of October, one thousand seven hundred and nineteen, reciting, That he had received a petition under the hands of divers of the parijbioners and inhabitants of the faid town and partjh ^Sheffield on behalf of themselves and many thoufands more of the faid town and parijb, Jetting forth (ammgjl other things) that they had propofed to ere ft or buila a fit and convenient place or building within the faid town ^Sheffield, to le confecrated and fet apart for the publicl worjhip ef Almighty God according to the laws ecclefiaflical of this realm, and had been encouraged thereto by the bountiful charity of Robert Downes ^Sheffield aforesaid, goldfmith, who out of his pious zeal for promoting and carrying on the Jaid good and charitable work had fubferibed and fecured the sum of one thousand pounds, to be paid towards building and ere fling ofJuch Jlruflure or building, to be %confecrated and fet apart for the ufes aforesaid\ and had Ukewife fettled to the, value of thirty pounds a year, or thereabouts,

fir

*	s

 LjOoq le

3*4	Anno	decimo	tertio	Georgii	If.e. 13.	f*740.

for the perpetual ufe of a minifltr or preacher, to be eh fled and nominated by him the faid Robert Downes, his heirs, and ajjigns\ end praying the faid archbifhop to grant his licence and authority for 'the purposes therein exprejfed ; the faid William lord archbi/Bop of York did grant to divers persons therein named, his full power, licence, and authority, to erect and build, or caufe to be erefted and built, a decent and commodious jirufture or building upon a certain clofe or parcel of ground within the faid town 0/* Sheffield, commonly catted or known by the name ^Shaw Clofe alias Oxley Croft, then lately purchafed for that purpose by the faid Robert L>ownes, to be fet apart and confecrated for the publick worjbip and ftrvice of Almighty God, and for celebrating divine  service therein wording to the form preferibed in and by the liturgy of the church ^England: and whereas, purfuant to such licence ana authority a handfome and Jlately jirufture hath at the cojis of the faid Robm Downes, and by the pious and charitable contributions of divers other persons, been built or creeled on the faid clofe or parcel of ground, and convenient pews have been therein erefted and fet up, for the more commodious attending divine  service to be celebrated therein; and the fame building hath been conveyed by the faid Robert Downes, to the ufe of his nephew Jofeph Downes clerkt and his heirs, in truft, to be ufed as a chapel of cafe to the faid parijh church of Sheffield, fo as the nomination of the curate of such chapel Jbould be fecured to the faid Robert Downes and his heirs, isle.

CAP, XIII.

 An act for providing a marriage portion for the princefs

Mary.

^rCaftlWe* TX/HERE AS his Maiejly hath receivedpropofals for a mar-VV riage between his daughter the princefs Mary, and prince Frederick ofHefk,fon of prince William, landgrave of Hefle, brother to the King of Sweden; which his Majesty hath been gra-cioufly pleafed favourably to accept, and agree to the fame, not doubting that this alliance with fo conftderable a proteftanU family will be to the general fatisfaftion of oil his good fubjefts: and his Majejhfs faithful commons thinking it highly jujl and reafonable, that his Ma-jejly jfbould be enabled to give such a portion to his daughter, as may be fuitable to the honour and dignity of bis crown and family; may it therefore pleafe your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, 40,000!. al- and by the authority of the fame, That out of all or any of the lowed for the aids or fupplies granted to his Majesty for the  service of the pnneefs Ma- year one th0ufand seven hundred and forty, there shall and ry s portion. may	paid,	ancj	applied,	the	fum	of	forty	thoufand

pounds, as a marriage portion to her highnefs the faid princefs Mary: and the commiflioners of his  Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time

being,

1740.] AtinO decimo tertlo GeoRgii II. C. 14^	385

being, are hereby authorized and impowered to direct the payment of, and to iflue the faid fum of forty thousand pounds, at such times, and in such manner, as his Majesty by warrant under his royal fign manual shall be gracioufly pleafed to diredt and appoint.

CAP. XIV.

An aB for making more effeBual two alls of parliaments pajfed in the fevtnlb and tenth years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, For preferving and enlarging the harbour of Whitehaven in the county of Cumberland; and for repairing and amending the high roads leading to the faid harbour and town of Whitehaven.

WHEREAS by an aB of parliament, made and pajfed in the prea^]fc> ^ seventh year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, citing the'a&i intituled, An adt for preferving and enlarging the harbour of 7 Annab, not Whitehaven in the county of Cumberland, certain rates and duties PriQted. upon coals, and other goods and merchandize, and upon Jhipping, in the faid aB particularly mentioned, were charged, and granted, to commence and take effeB from and after the twenty fifth day of ' March, one thousand seven hundred and nine, and to continue for the term of fourteen years then next enfiling, and dire Bed to be applied for making certain moles, and other works, for preferving and enlarging the faid harbour, and for deepening the fame, and for other purposes in the faid aB mentioned; and it was thereby enaBed, That from and after the expiration of the aforesaid term of fourteen years4 one thirst part of the rates and duties thereby charged upon the tonnage of /hips and vejfels, and no more, fhould for ever continue, and be paid for the perpetual repairing, cleanfing and maintaining the faid harbour; and whereas by another aB of parliament, made ahd pajfed in the tenth year of the reign of her faid late Majesty Queen 10 Ann*, not Anne, all the rates and duties granted by the faid former aB, for printed. * the faid term of fourteen years, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and nine, were continued for the further term of fourteen years, from the expiration of the fend former term: and the truftees in the faid former aB named were by the faid aB of the tenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, authorized and impowered to borrow money, to fmfh and compleat the works neceffary for the preferoation and improvement of the faid harbour; and which money, and the inter eft thereof, were thereby dire Bed to be paid off and discharged in order and courfe, out of the temporary duties granted dnd continued by the faid aBs: and it was by the faid laft mentioned aB enaBed and declared. That from and after fitch time as the faid principal fums and interest Jhould be paid off and difebarged, and that the jufiices of the peace at the general quarter sessions for the faid county of Cumberland Jhall adjudge, that the works of the faid harbour were fufficiently repaired and fecund9 the temporary duties thereby granted fhould ceafe and determine, and such duties only fhould be paid from thenceforward, as were granted in perpetuity by the faid former aB: ana whereas in purfuance and by virtue of the faid two former aBs the faid harbour .

Vol. XVII.	Cc	of





Anno dodmo tertio Georgii 11, C. 15.	[1740.

0/Whitehaven bath been conftderably deepened and improved, and Jeveral Jlrong and fubftantial moles and bulwarks have at great expence been made and erefted* whereby Jbips in the jaid harbour (which formerly lay expofed, and liable to be driven out and caft away upon the rocks and Jboals on that coajl) can now lie in Jafety, and are fecure from the violence of the feay whereby the fbipping, trade and navigation within the port and town a/'Whitehaven have been con-Jtderably increafedand improved: and whereas the sum of two hundred and twenty pounds, borrowed and taken up in purfuance and upon the credit of the faid former afts, and also the sum of seven hundred and eighteen pounds feventeen Jhillings and seven pence three farthings, for work done and performed in and about the faid harbour, do remain due and unfatisfied, notwithjlanding the9duties raif-ed by the faid afts have been Jlriftly applied to the ufes of the faid harbour% and to pay off the debts incurred for the Jervice thereof : and whereas, in cafe the moles, bulwarks, and works of the faid harbour were enlarged and extended to low-water mark,Juch depth of water may be obtained, that the largejl Jbips of the faid port of Whitehaven might fail in and out of the harbour at neap tides* and other Jbips frequenting thofe feas might fail in at half flood* which might tend not only to the preservation of the lives of many of his Majestys fubjefts, but also to the improvement and tncreafe of the trade and navigation of the faid town and port 0/* Whitehaven : but it hath been found by experience, that the perpetual duties granted and continued by the two former afts, and which took place at Lady-Day one tboufand seven hundred and thirty seven (when the temporary duties granted by thofe afts determined) are not fujficient to keep the faid harbour of a proper depths and the moles and bulwarks belonging to the fame in neceffary repair, and to difcharge the faid debt due as aforesaid\ a deftgn fo ufeful and beneficial to the faid town and port of Whitehaven, and to the trade and navigation of the kingdom^ cannot be effefted and carried into execution, unless toe temporary duties granted and continued by the faid former afts, and which are now determined, be revived for a competent term of years* and other provifions made for the purposes afore mentioned: may it therefore pieafe your most excellent Majesty, that it may be ena<5ted,UV.

The two former alts continued For n years. Truftees enabled fo mortgage the duties. The temporary duties hereby granted, to ceafe when the harbour shall be fufficiently repaired $ but then a moiety of the dutica on tonnage to continue tor ever.

Certain tolls, for amending the roads, are grantedfrom 10 June, 174.0, for %i

fears.

CAP. XV.

An alt for continuing and making more effectual an alt parted in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty Kine George the First, For repairing the roads from the top of Stokencburch Hitt to Ewlonv-bridget and the road from Wheatley-bruige through the city of Oxon, by Bee brook to Pt*iv Woodflodt in the coun ty of Oxon, except the mtleivqy on each fide of the faid city ; and for repairing the road from the Crown Alehoule, to the turnpike on Stoken-church Hill aforesaid.

7b f former aft. is further continuedfor 11 years, and to the end of the next fejfim

ofparliament.

CAP.



*74° \ Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. c. i& CAP. XVT.

Jin aft to give further powers to the comtnffioners for building a bridge crofs tie river Thames, from^ the city of ; Westminster, to the oppofite Jhore in the cSunty of Surrey , and to enable them to raife a further sum of money towards fimfbing the faid bridge, and to perform the other trujis repofed in them.

WHEREAS the commijfmersfor building a bridge crofs the river Thames,//*^ the Woolftaple, or thereabouts, in the parijb of Saint Margaret, Westminster, to the oppofite Jhore in the county of Surrey, or any nine or more of them, are by virtue of fevered atls of parliament made in the ninth, tenth, eleventh and twelfth years of his present Majesty, fome or one of them refpeftive-}y, authorized to pur chafe certain lands, tenements and hereditaments, for the purposes in the faid a fts mentioned: and whereas at certain feafons of the year it may be inconvenient for nine of the commiffionerS to meet together, and that a lefs number may be jufficient to anfwer the intentions of the faid afts: and whereas feyeral doubts have ari-fen, and may arife, relating to the conjhuftion, force and effeft of the powers vefea in the faid commiff oners, whereby the executing the purposes and defign of the faid afts of parliament in the be ft and moft advantageous manner may be prevented, or greatly objlrufted\ therefore, for the explaining and amending the faid ads, in order to the more eafy execution thereof, and for the more efte&ual conveying and afluring to the laid cotnmiffioners, and thofe claiming or to claim under them, such lands, tenement^ and hereditaments, as they have been or shall be directed or enabled to purchafe by any ad of ads of parliament now made, or which may hereafter be made; and for the more fecure and proper difpofition of the money to be paid for such purchafes % be it enaded, &c.

All durabilities to treat about felling houfes, &c. taken away. Any persons refilling to treat, a jury to be impanelled, to aflefs damages. Commit loners judgment thereupon to be final. Their and the juries proceedings to be kept among the records of Middlesex and Surrey refpedively. it • the property of lands, &c. cannot be reafonably afeertained, the purchafe-snoney to be paid into the bank, and the property vetted in the commif-fioners. Purchafes money may be placed in fome of the publick funds, to the ufe of the persons who shall make proper conveyances. Conveyance#, to be inrolled at Westminster within fix months after making. Perfons claiming a right to any estate conveyed to commiffioners, may enter their claim within c years from the date of the inrollment* in a book kept by the regifter of Middlesex. .32^,000!. to be advanced by el. lottery tickets.

151. for every tool, amounting in the whole to 48,750!. to be deduded. Proprietors to apply for certificates by 15 March, 1741. The monies deduced to be applied to the building the bridge. Penalty on felling chances of tickets for lefs than the whole time of drawing. 5001, penalty on felling interefts in tickets not in the persons ppfleflion.

Cci	CAP.



Anno decimo tcrtio Georgii II. c. 17.

Preamble*

Perfons exempted from being impelled.

Lord High admiral, See. to grant protections tor that purpofe.

without fee.

C* 740-

CAP. XVII.

 An act for the increafe of mariners and feamen to navigate merchant fhips and at her trading JBips or veffels.

WHEREAS it is necejfary to give all fitting encouragement t$ persons to apply them/elves to the fea service, and the praftice of navigation, and al/o to foreign mariners and feamen to engage in the Britilh  service ; be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majesty. by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiri-tual ana temporal, and commons, in this present parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every person herein after mentioned (ball be freed and exempted from being imprefled into the  service of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccef-fors (that is to fay) every person being of the age of fifty five years or upwards, and every person not having attained the full age or eighteen years, and every foreigner, being a mariner, feaman, or landman, who shall serve in any merchant (hip* or other trading (hip or veflel, or privateer, belonging to the fubjefts of the crown of Great Britain.

II. And, for the encouragement of able-bodied landmen to betake themselves to the fea service; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every person of what age foever he be, who (ball ufe the fea, shall be freed and exempted from being imprefled for the full space of two years, to be computed from the time of his first going to fea; and that every person who, not having before uled the fea, shall bind himfelf apprentice to serve at fea, shall be Freed and exempted from being imprefled for the full space of three years, to be computed from the time of his binding himfelf apprentice as aforesaid.

III. And, for the better fecuring to all the persons before mentioned the benefit intended them by this aft; be it further en-afted by the authority aforesaid. That the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or commiflioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being, or any three or more of them, (hall, upon due proof made before him or them of the refpeftive ages and circumftances (as the cafe shall happen) of any of the persons before mentioned, grant a proteftion to every such person to fecure him from being imprefled, for such time as by the true intent and meaning of this aft such person is to be free and exempted from being imprefled; all which protections shall be granted without any fee or reward to be taken for the fame.

CAP.



3 89

1740.J Anno dedmotertioGEoRGii II. c. 18.

CAP. XVIII.

An all to continue feverallews therein	*

nifhing fucb persons as Jhall wilfully and malicioufly pull down or	dejlroy turnpikes, for repairing	or

locks, or other works ereUed by authority of parliament . for making rivers navigable; for preventing exalTtons of the occupiers of locks and wears upon the river Thames weftward, and for aftertainingthe rates of water carriage upon the faid river; for preventing frivolous and vexatious arrefts•, and for the better fecuring the lawful trade of bis Majesty's fubjells to and from the Eaft-In-. dies, and for the more	effellual preventing all bis Majesty's

fubjells trading thither under foreign commifftons; and for limiting the time for fuing forth writs of Certiorari upon proceedings before juftices of the peace \ and for regulating the time and manner of applying for the fame; for the better and more fpeedy execution of procefs within particular	franchifesor liberties; and for extending the powers

etnd authorities ofjuftices of the peace Of counties touching county rates, to the juftices of the peace of fucb liberties and franchifes as have commifftons of the peace within themfelves.

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned	have

by experience been found ufeful and beneficial) are near piring; may it therefore pleafe your most excellent Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice and cpnfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an act made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, 1 G*o.s. c.19. intituled. An alt for puni/hing such persons as Jbau wilfully and ma- ^'2raga’n^ licioujly pull down or	dejlroy	turnpikes, for repairing or tunjpikeij

locks, or other works ercited by the authority of parliament', for mai- continued’ ing rivers navigable; which was to continue in force from the	by

twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and *oGeo,». c.4.7. twenty eight, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament; and which by an aft, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for five years, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of ’parliament, and which by an other aft made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty was further continued for five years, from the fifteenth dayofA/ay one thousand seven hundred and thirty five, anti from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament, shall be and is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the first day of June, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty feven,

Cc3	II. And

%■	Goode

£90	Anno declmo tertio GeoRGII J3. c. i$#	[1740;

3	Geo,i.c.it. n. And be it farther enabled by the authority aforefiud, Aftto prevent That an act made in the third year of the reign ot his present the locks.a	Majesty, intituled.  An act for reviving and amending an aft madrin

EXP, * theftxth andfeventh years of the reign of his late Majesty King Wil-1 liam the Thirds intituled>  An act to prevent exaftions of the occupiers of locks and wears upon the river of Thames weftward, and for afeertaining the rates of water carriage upbn the fold river, which was to continue in force from the first day of May, one thousand feVen hundred and thirty, for the term of nine years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflioo of parliament, shall be, and is hereby farther continued from the expiration thereof until the first day of June, which shall be in .the year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and forty feven. YPeo,,*C‘**i HI* And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^volou^ar-	an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late ma-

refts.	jefty,	intituled.  An act to prevent frivolous* and vexatious arrejts,

perpetual* which was to continue in force from the twenty fourth day of tr upo.c. 3. June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty foe* for the term pf five years, and from thence to the end of ,the then next session of parliament; and which by another aft made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was explained, amerced, and farther continued for the term of seven years, and from thehce to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, untii the first day of June, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty feven. cGeo.t.c.fti. IV. And be it further enacted by the authority afbreiaid. Aft to fecure That an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present «de ito the Majesty, intituled.  An act for reviving an act made in the fifth year Eaft Indies. °f reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Continuedly aft for the better fecuring the lawful trade of his  Majesty’s fab-*0 Geo.»,	jefts to and from the Eajl-lndies, and for the more effeftual pre-

* 47#	venting all his  Majesty’s fubjefts trading thither under foreign

commiffions; which was to continue in Force from the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and thirty two, for the term of seven years, and from thence to the end ot the then next session of parliament, shall be, and is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the first day of June,which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty feven.

tTr* i°how to V* ^nd, far the better preventing vexatious delays and cx-beappUcdfor. Pcnce> occafioqed by the fuing forth writs of Certiorari, for the removal of convjftions, judgments, orders, and other proceeds ings before juftices of the peace 5 be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That from atid after the twenty fourth day of June, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty, no writ of Certiorari shall be granted, iffiied forth or allowed, to remove any conviftion, judgment, order or other proceedings had or made by or before any juftice qr juftices of the peace of any county, city, borough, town corporate or liberty, or the refpeftive general or quarter sessions there,-pf, unlcf$ such Certiorari be ffiov?d 9r applied for within fiy 3	«-



i,74o.} ^Liyip dadmp teroo GEORGii II. c. 18.	391

calendar months next after such convi&ion, judgment, order or other proceedings shall be fo had or made, and unless it be duly proved upon oath, that the faid party or parties fuing forth the fame, hath or have given fix days notice thereof in writing to	N

thejuftice or juftices, or to two of them, (if fo many there be) by and before whom such conviction, judgment, order o other proceedings shall be fo had or made, to the end that such jultice or juftices, or the parties therein concerned, may (hew caufe, if he or they shall (o think fit,againft the ifiuingor granting such Certiorari.

VI. And, for the better and more fpeedy execution of procefs Sheriff* to *p-within particular franchifes or liberties; be it further ena&ed by Pf1"* dePutl” the authority aforesaid. That from and after the third day of of lonh^ofli-Novtmber, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand berries.

(even hundred and forty, the (heriff of every (hire, being no city or town made a (hire, within which there is any franchife or liberty, the lord or proprietor whereof is of right mtitled to the return of writs within such franchife or liberty, shall (if required by any such lord or proprietor) within one month next after such requeft made to him for that purpofe, nominate and appoint one or more fufficient deputy or deputies, at the proper cofts and charges of such lord or proprietor, to be refident at fbme convenient town or place in or near such franchife or liberty, to be for that purpose appointed by the lord high chancellor of Great Bri-taint ana thecniefjufticesofhis Majesty's courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas for the time being, or any one of them, who is and are hereby authorized and impowered to appoint such convenient town or place, as to him or them shall feem meet, and to fettle and direct what cofts and charges shall be paid therefore by such lord or proprietor; and such deputy or deputies shall refide at such town or place fo to be appointed as a-forefaid, and shall have authority in the lherifTs name, and is, and are refpeAively authorized and impowered, to receive and Open all such writs and procefs (the execution or return whereof ‘ doth of right belong to the lord or proprietor of any such franchife or liberty) and thereupon in the name, and under the feal of the (heriff, to make and ifTue out such warrant or warrants to such lord or proprietor, as by law i6 requifite, for the due execution of such writs or procefs; and every such deputy or deputies is and are hereby required, upon tender of any (uch writ or procefs, to receive and open the fame, and to ifiue out such warrant thereon, without delay, in such manner and form as the (heriff himfelf may or ought to do, without taking any further or other fee than what is now due and accuftomed for such warrant, upon pain that every such (heriff or deputy refpeAively, who shall be guilty of any wilful negleft or default in the pre-roifles, shall be liable to bepuniftied for the fame, as for a contempt of one of his  Majesty’s faid courts of	,	King's , or

Common Pleas, (as the cafe shall require) and shall likewise make fatisfa&ion to the party or parties that shall receive damage

c««	vn.



392	Anno	decimo	tcrtio	Georgii	II.	C.	19;	{1746

n Geo.	VII.	And	whereas	by an aft pajfei in the twelfth year of bis pn*

c* *?■	Majejly's	reign,	intituled,  An act for the more eafy a (Te lling,

colle,fting, and levying of county rates, feveralpowers and authorities are given to the jufices of the peace in that part of Great Britain called England, within the refpeftive limits of their commijjions, at their general or quarter fejftons,from time to time to make one general rate or ajfejfmentfor fuck fum or fums of money as they in their difcretion Jhall think efficient to anfwer all and every the ends and purposes of the several afts therein recited; but there being a provifi in the faid aft, that the fame, or any thing therein contained, Jbould not extend, or be conjlrued to extend, to make any per fans, liberties, di-viftons, or places liable to pay to any rate to be made in pwrfnance of the faid aft, to which such per fan, liberty, divifion, or place did not, or was not liable to contribute before the paffing thereof; fame doubts have arifen whether the faid aft doth extend to liberties and franchifes, which are not within the jurifdiftion of the commijjums of the peace for the counties in which such liberties and franchifas lie, and fo never did nor were liable to contribute to the faid county rates \ to the end juices of the therefore l^at fach liberties and franchifes may not be wholly peace for li- deprived of the benefit of the faid in part recited aft, it is here-berties, to aft by declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid. That where Wlwer a* any liberties or franchifes within that part of Great Britain called Ihcesfor the England, have commifiions of the peace within themfelves, coanty, in and are not fubjeft to the jurifdiftion of the commifiions colle&ing	of the peace for the counties in which such liberties or

County rates, franchifes lje, and do not, nor did before the making the faid in part recited aft, contribute or pay to the several rates made for the faid counties ; it shall and may be lawful to and for the juftices of the peace of such liberties and franchifes, within the refpeftive limits of their commifiions, to liave, ufe, and exercife all and lingular the powers, authorities, and methods, given or prefcribed by the faid in part recited aft, and all such liberties and franchifes are hereby declared to be fubjeft thereto, in the fame manner to all intents and purposes, as counties at large are* any thing in the faid in part recited aft contained, or any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

CAP. XIX.

Preamble.

\

 An act to reftrain and prevent the excejjivc increafe of borfe paces, and for amending an act made in the laft session of parliament, intituled,  An act for the more effeftual preventing of exceffive and deceitful gaming.

WHEREAS the great number of horfe races for fmall plates, prizes, or fums of moneys have contributed very much to the encouragement of idlenefs, to the impoverifhment of many of the mean• fr fort of the fubjefts of this kingdom, and the breed of Jlrong and ufe-ful horfes hath been much prejudiced thereby: for remedy thereof, jnay it plealeyour most excellent Majesty, that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with yhe advice and content ofthe lords spiritual and temporal, and commons^





1740’] Anno decimo tertio GeoRGH It. c.19.	%93

tnons, in this prefer* parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feveri hundred and forty, no person or persons whatsoever shall enter, ftart, or run any horfe, mare, or gelding . for any plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing, unless fuch	**

horfe, mare, or gelding shall be truly and bona fide the property the^owneni of, and belonging to such person fo entering, darting, or running the fame horfe, mare, or gelding; nor shall any one person enter and ftart more than one horfe, mare, or gelding, for one and the feme plate, prize, dr sum of money, or other thing; and in cafe any person or persons lhall after the faid twenty fourth no day of June, one thousand (even hundred and forty, enter, ftart, t^#°ne * or run any horfe, mare, or gelding, not being the property truly and bona fide of such person fo entering, darting, or running the fame, for any plate, prize, dim of money, or other thing, the faid horfe, mare, or gelding, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited, to be fued for and recovered, and difpofed of, in manner as is herein after mentioned; and in cafe any person or persons shall enter and ftart more than one horfe, mare, or gelding, for one and the fame plate, prize, or sum of money, or other thing, every such horfe, mare, or gelding (other than the first entered horfe, mare, or gelding) or the value thereof, shall be forfeited, to be fued for and recovered, and difpofed of, in manner as herein after is mentioned.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* That n0 plate to be from and after the faid twenty fourth day of Juney one thousand run for under (even hundred and forty, no plate, prize, sum of money, or o- 5°1* valuc» ther thing, shall be run for by any horfe, ttiare, or gelding, or advertifed, publifhed, or proclaimed to be run for by any horfe,

mare, or gelding, unless such plate, prize, or sum of money shall be of the full, real, and intrinfick value of fifty, pounds or upwards ; and in cafe any person or persons shall from- and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty, enter, ftart, or run any horfe, mare, or gelding for any plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing of lefs value than fifty pounds, or shall make, print, advertife, publilh, or proclaim any advertifement or notice of any plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing of lefs value than fifty pounds as aforesaid, to be run for by any horfe, mare, or gelding j every such person or persons fo entering, darting or running such horfe, mare, or gelding for fpeh plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing of lefs value than fifty pounds as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lofe the sum of two hundred^pounds, to be fued for, recovered, and difpofed of in	«

fuch manner as is herein after preferibed and directed; and every person or persons who lhall make, print, publilh, advertize, or proclaim any advertifement or notice of any plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing of lefs value than fifty pounds aforesaid, to be run for by any horfe, mare, or gelding, shall forfeit and lofe the sum of one hundred pounds.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. Five yean old That from and after the twenty fourth day of June> one thou-*horfes to car-

land *y 10 fan®#



29+

6 year* old si ftone, r

y years old 11 (lone. .

Anno decimo tertio GeoROII II. C. !£# f 174&

fand seven hundred and forty, no borfet mare, or gelding, being of the age of five years, shall be entered, darted, or rup for any plate, prize, sum of money, or other tftipg whatsoever, unleu luch horfe, mare, or gelding shall carry ten ftone weight, computing fourteen pounds to each (lone weight; and that no horfe, mare, or gelding, being of the age of fix years, (ball be entered, darted, or run for any plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing whatsoever, unless such horfe, mare, pr gelding shall carry eleven ftone weight, computing fourteen pounds to each ftone weight; and that no horfe, mare, or gelding, being of the age of (even years, shall be entered, darted, or run for any plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing whatsoever, unless such horfe, mare, or gelding lhall carry twelve ftone weight,, computing fourteen pounds to each ftone weight; and in cafe any person or Horfes carry- persons shall enter, dart, or run any horfe, mare, or gelding, of *ht8 t be	ages	aforefaid,	for	any plate, prize, or sum of money,

fb?feited,Qand or °*her thing, carrying lefs than the weights herein before <u-perfon enter- re&ed to be carried, such horfe, mare, or gelding, or the value ““ r - thereof, shall be forfeited, and the person or persons fo entering, darting, or naming such horfe, mare, or gelding, shall forfeit and lofe the fum or two hundred pdunds.

IV. Provided alfo. That every race that shall be hereafter run for any plate, prize, or sum of money, be begun and ended in

ing forfeits 200 L

Race to be begun and

ended in one the fame day.

and Black

Hambleton

only.

d?y-	V.	And	be	it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

Matches to be That from and after the-twenty fourth day of June, one thou-a. ewmar et £,n(j seven hpndrecj forty, qo person or persons whatsoever shall dart or run any match with or between any horfe, mare, or gelding, for any sum of money, plate, prize, or ptber thing whatsoever; unless such match shall be darted or run at Newmarket Heathy in the counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, or Black Hambleton in the county of York, or the faid sum of money, plate, and for not Pr^e> or other thing be of the real and intrinfick value of fifty lefs than 501. pounds, or upwards : and in cafe any person or persons shall dart or run any such match at any other place than Newmarket Heath or Black Hambleton aforesaid, or for any plate, prize, fum of moon penalty of ney, or other thing of lefs value than fifty pounds, every such *001.	perfon	or	persons	(hall forfeit and lofe the sum of two hundred

_	. ir pounds.

the^ifeofthe	And	be	it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

informer, and That all penalties and forfeitures incurred by any person or per-the other to fons for any offence against this act shall be died tor and recover-fche poor of cd by aqy a<Sion, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Ma-thc paufli; jefty’s courts of record at Wejhninjler, or at the aflizes, and lhall but in Somer- ^ difpofed of, ope moiety thereof to the ufe of such person or per* fetthire, one fops as shall fo fue for the fame, and the other moiety to the ufe of the poor of such parilh. or place where the offence shall be .committed ; except such ope moiety of such penalties and forfeitures as shall be incurred by, and recovered of any person or persons within the epunty of Somerfet; which faid one moiety dial! go and be applied to and for the ufe and benefit of the poor per-'	fon*

half to the hospital at. Jfcitb.



*74Pj	Aq&Q dcflfxio tcrtio Ggojtpn IL c. 19.	|99

fons admitted into the hofoital or infirmary lately erected in the city ofiBaibj for the benefit of poor persons reforting to the faid city for the benefit of the mineral waters there.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Entrance mo-That from and after the twenty fourth day of Juney one thou- fcwmd fand seven hundred and forty, all and every fum or fums of mo- ^ horfC.n Itey to be paid for entering of any horfe, mare, or gelding to

ftart or run for any plate, prize, sum of money, or other thing, ihall go and be paid to the fecond beft horfe, mare, or gelding, which shall ftart or run for such plate, prize, or sum of money, as aforesaid.

VIII.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall Gift* left for. extend, or be conftrued to extend to prevent the ftarting or run- annual^c**> ning any horfe, mare, or gelding for any plate, prize, or other

thing or things now ifiuing' out of or'paid for or by the rents, ifiues, and profits of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of or by the interest of any fum or fums of money not chargeable with the fame, or appropriated for that purpofe.

IX.	And whereas a good and wholefome law was made in the agafoft twelfth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Secondy exceflfvegara-intitukdy  An act for the more efteftual preventing of exceffive >ng.

and deceitful gaming; but contrary to the true intent and meaning ,a(3co.».c.iS. thereofy fome fraudulent and deceitful games have been inventeiy and # et certain game called Paflage is now daily pratlifed and carried on9 to the ruin and impoverishment of many of his Majefly s fubjefts; it is therefore hereby enacted and declared, That the faid game of Game p*f-paflage, and all and every other game and games invented or to t>e invented with one or more die or dice, or with any other in- with dice, pro-ftrument, engine, or device in the nature of dice, having one or hibited. more figures or numbers thereon (backgammon and the other games now played with the backgammon tables only excepted) are and shall be deemed to be games or lotteries by aice, within the intent and meaning of the faid in part recited aft ; and all and every person and persons who shall fet up, maintain, or keep any office, table, or place (fave and except as in the faid in part recited aft is provided and declared) for the faid game of paflage or for any other such game or games, as aforesaid (backgammon and the other games now played with the backgammon tables only excepted) shall feverally forfeit, be fubjeft, and liable to, all and every the penalties and forfeitures in and by the faid in part recited aft inftifted upon any person or persons who shall ereft, fet up, continue, or keep any of the games or lotteries in the faid in part recited aft mentioned; ana all and every person or persons who fhall^play, fet at, (lake, or adventure at the faid game of pafiage, or at any other such game, as aforesaid (backgammon and the other games now played with the backgammon tables only excepted) fave and except as in .the faid in part recited aft is provided and declared, he and they refpeftive-ly shall feverally forfeit, be fubjeft, and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeitures in and by the faid in part recited aft jnflifted upon any perforj or persons who shall play, fet at, (take.



Double cofts.

Preamble reciting the a6k to Anns, c. •3*

Anno decimo tertlo Georgii II. c. 20.’	tr74®*

or adventure at any of the faid games in the faid in part recited adt mentioned; ana all and every such offenders refpedtively shall be profecuted and convidted, and the several penalties and forfeitures shall be fped for, arid recovered and difpofed of in like manner, and to such ufes, as the several penalties and forfeitures in either of such cafes are by the faid in part recited adt diredted to be fued for, and recovered, and difpofed of.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in any adtion, bill, plaint, or information to be brought or commenced by virtue of this adt, no efloin, protedtion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed * and that over and above the penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by virtue of this adt, the plaintiff or informer shall recover his or her double cofts. /Sf- r -	3$	.

CAP. XX.

An aCl for the more effectually preventing fraudulent qualifications of persons to vote as freeholders in the election of members to serve in parliament, for such cities and towns as are counties of tbtmfelves, in that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS by an aCt made in the tenth year of the reign of JQueen Anne, intituled, An adt for the more effectual preventing fraudulent conveyances, in order to multiply votes for eledting knights of (hires to serve in parliament, it is enacted* That all efiates and conveyances whatsoever, made to any person or persons in any fraudulent or collufwe manner, on purpose to qualify him or them to give his or their vote or votes at such elections of knights of the Jbire, fubjeCl nevertheless to conditions or agreements to defeat or determine such efiate, or to re-corruey the fame, Jball be deemed and taken againjl thofe persons who executed the fame as free and abfolute* and be hofden 2nd enjoyed by all and every such person or persons to whom such conveyance shall be made as aforesaid, freely ana abfoluiely acquitted, exonerated, and dijeharged, ofanafrom all manner of trulls* conditions, claufes of re-entry, powers of revocation, provifoes of redemption, or other defeazances whatsoever, between or with the faid parties, or any other person or persons in trujl for them; and that all bonds, covenants, collateral or other fecurities, contracts, or agrees ments, between or with the faid parties, or any other person or persons in trujl for them, or any of them, for the redeeming, revoking, or defeating such efiate or efiates, or for the refioring or re-conveying thereof, or any part thereof, to any person or persons who made or executed such conveyance, or to any other person or persons in trufi for them, or any of them, Jball be null and void to all intents and purpefes whatsoever; and that every person who shall make and executefuch conveyance or conveyances as aforesaid, or being privy to such purpofe, Jball devife or prepare the fame, and every person who by colour thereof Jball give any vote at any election of any knight or knights of the Jbire to serve in parliament, Jhall, for every such conveyance fo made, or vote fo created or given, forfeit the sum of forty pounds tq any person who

 v^oosle

m

2740.} Anno decimo tertio Georgii II. c.io:

JbaUfue for the fame, to be recovered, together with full tolls of fust* by action of debt, bill, plaint, jor information in any of toe courts of record at Westminster, wherein no ejfoin, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance Jhall be admitted or allowed. And yottn t0 ^

%t is thereby further enacted, That no perfonjball vote for the electing poffcflcd of of any krngbt of a /hire within that part of Great Britain called End*, See. to England, in refpeCt or in right of any lands or tenements winch havethc valuc of not been charged or a/fejfed to the publick taxes, church rates, and parijb duties, in such proportion as other lands or tenements of forty /billings	t£c c\tcJ

per annum, within the fame pari/b or town/bip where the fame /ball tion. lie, or be ufually charged, and for whichfuch person /ball not have received the rents or profits, or be intillea to have received the fame, to f . the full value of forty /billings or more to his own ufe for one year be- ian<jg fore such election; unless fucbhnds or tenements came to such person by defeent, within the time afore/aiifby defeent, marriage, marriage fettlement, &c. within the devtfe, or presentation to fome benefice in the church, or by promotiontime* to fome office unto which such freehold is affixed; and that if any per-fon /ball vote in any such election, contrary to the true intent and mean-	*	'

ing of the Jaid ad, be /ball for every Juch offence forfeit the sum of°*	°*

forty potends, one moiety thereof to the poor of the pari/b or par't/hes ^ tuhare the lands or tenements lie, for which such person /ball vote, and the other moiety to the person or persons who /ball fue for the fame, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of the courts of record at Westminster, wherein no effoin, privilege, pro- A tiCtion, or wager of law /ball be allowed, or more than one imparlance : J* ***** and whereas by an aCt made in the next session of parliament, to explain * a cladfeinthe faidlaft recited aCt, made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, it is enacted. That the faid aCt, made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, or any thing therein contained, /ball not extend, or be con/frued to refrain any person from voting in such election of any knight of a /hire within that part of Great Britain called England, in refpeCt, or in right of any rents, tythes, or other incorporealinheritances, or any mejfuages or lands in extraparochial places, or any chambers in the inns of :ourt, or inns ^/Chancery, or any meffu-ages or feats belonging to any offices, in regard, or by reason that the fame have not ufually been,, or /hall not be charged or affeffed to all or any of the publick taxes, church rates, and parijb duties, as mentioned in the faid aCt, made in the tenth year of the reign of S^ueen Anne, or in refpeCt or right of any other mejfuages or lands not therein before fpe-cified, in regard, or by reason that the fame have not been ufually charged or affeffed to all and every the publick taxes, church rates, and pari/b duties a/orefaid; provided that such mejfuages or lands have ufually been charged or affeffed to fome one or more of the faid publick taxes, rates, or duties, in such proportion as other mejfuages or lands, of forty )hillings per annum, within the fame parijb or town/bip where the fame /hall lie or be, are ufually charged to the fame\ any thing contained in the faid aCt% made in the tenth year of the reign of Spueen Anne, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith/landing : anf whereas it is rea-finable. That provifion Jhould likewise be made to prevent any fraudulent conveyances of lands and tenements, in order to multiply votes for electing members to serve in parliament, for such cities and towns as /

are





AftnO dlcirtio fettio GtfoRGir II. C. 4 f. f 1740.

are counties of themfehes, Wherein	have a right to vote for

tUHing	fueh members,for or in rtfpe& if lands, tenements or hereditaments of the yearly value of	; be it enaCted by the

King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this _'	prefent	parliament afletrtbled, and by the authority of the fame,

irut	* hat front and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thou-

hoLers not land seven hundred' and forty, the faid provifions contained in haying an the faid in part recited alt made in the tenth year of the reign of estate i year Queen Anne, for preventing fraudulent conveyances, in order to tionfuhiSt multiply votes for electing knights for (hires; and in the faid to the penal- a& made in the next felfibrts .of parliament, shall be extended, ties and for- and conftrued to extend, to such lands or tenements, for or in feituces	refpelt of which any person shall vote for the eleliion of any

m Annas.	niember to serve in parliament, for any such City or town as a -

forefaid, being a county of itfelf, m that part of Great Britain Exception. England\ and that if any person shall vote for the election p . * . of any such member as a freeholder, not haviog such an estate for one year before the fame election, and fo charged or aflefled, in part repeal-* in the faid alts, or one of them, is defcribed, except in cafes edty 19 Geo. therein excepted, every such person shall be fubjed to the like *• c. »8. penalties and forfeitures as are by the faid ad made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, impofod on persons voting for knights of (hires, not having the qualifications thereby required.

CAP. XXI.

 An act for further and more effectually preventing the wilful and malicious	deftruClion of collieries and coal works.

Preamble, re-T\rHE REAS	div.m	of	or

citing the aft V V inter efted in collieries, have by fecret and fitbtil devices wilful-10 Geo. %.	fy and malicm/fy attempted to drown adjacent collieries, and have by

c. 3*.	means of water conveyed or obftruftedfor that purpose deftroyed or da-

maged the fame, intending thereby to enhance the price of coals» and gain the monopoly thereof: and whereas by an act made iH the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty it was enafted, That if any person or persons Jhatt wilfully and malicioufiy fet on fire, or caufe to be Jet on fire, any mine, pity or delph of coaly or channel coaly every per-fon fo offending, being thereof lawfully eonviftedy /ball be adjudged guilty offelony, and /ball fuffer death as in cafes offelony, without be-nefit of clergy: and whereas it is reafonable that an adequate pumfb-mint Jhould likewise be inflifted on persons who /ball willfully and ma-litioufty defray or damage collieries by means of water as is aforesaid; be it enaifted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and Perfons commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the au* drowning thority of the fame. That if any perfon, from and after the coal pits, shall twelfth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty, shall mages! and ** unlawfully* wilfully, and ipalick>ufly divert, or caufe to be di-full coils j verted, water from any river, brook, watercourfe, channel, or land flood, or convey, or caufe to be conveyed, water into any

' coal



1740*) Anno decimo tertk) Georgii II. c. 22, 23.	599

coal work, mine, pit, or delph of coal, or into any fabterraneou? cavities or paftages, or make, or caufe to be made, any fubter-* raneous cavities or paffages, with defign thereby to deftroy or damage any coal work, mine, pit, or delph of coal belonging to any other person or persons, or shall for that purpose unlawfully, wilfully, and malicioufly deftroy or obftruft any fough or fewer (whicn has been a fough or fewer in common for fifty years) * made for draining any coal work, mine, pit, or delph of coal, or shall attempt or continue any such mifchievous practice, or frail aid oraftift therein in manner aforesaid; ev&ry such person frail, for every ftich offence, forfeit and pay to the party or parties aggrieved treble damages, and full cofts of fuit, to be fued for and recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at JVejlminfler, ,

II.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained shall gxcept prevent or reftrain, or be conftrued to prevent or reftrain any C02fl £jts are person or persons, being the owner or owners of any fough, their own. drain, or fewer, from deftroying, obftruftmg, or diverting, ufing or difpofing of any such fough, drain, opr fewer, in such manner as he, (he, or they refpe&ively may now lawfully do.

,	CAP.	XXII.

An aft: for enlarging the term and powers granted and gives by an aft paifed in the tenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for repairing the food leading from Dunchurch in the county of Warwick, to the bottomjy Meriden Hill in the fame county $ and for making the faid aft more effeftual.

7be ad is continued for % i years, to the end of the next feffton ofparliament.

CAP. XXIII.

xtn a£i	for granting to his Majesty the futn of one million out

of the Jinking fund, for	the	ferviceof the year one thoufand

feven hundred and forty •, and for enabling his Majesty to

raife the further fum oj two hundred	out	of

the growing produce of the faid fund •, and for granting to

bis Majesty the sum of twenty one tboufand ,

ling, and eight pence halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of

bis Majesty's	exchequer, arifen by fale of lands in the ijland

ef Saint Chriftopher’s •, and for the further appropriating

the fupplies granted in this feffton of	.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE your  Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedls, the com- '

mons of Great Britain in parliament aftembled, being PrMrtlbt*-defirous not only to raife such fupplies as are neceftary to enable your Majesty to carry on the present war with fuccels, but alfa to ufe such ways and means therein, as that your Majesty may have the better and more fpeedy effedt of the faid fupplies, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum of one million out of the furpluffes, excefles, and overplus monies,

com-

 LiOOQle

400	Anno	dccimo	tcrtlo	GeorgiI	II.	C.ip	[1740#

commonly called The'Sinking Fund, towards the supply granted to your Majesty for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty; and also to enable your Majesty to iffue and apply the further fum of two hundred thousand pounds, out of the growing produce of thefaid linking fund, for the  service of the faid year on^ thousand seven hundred and forty; and to that end and purpose do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That by or out of such monies as now are, or shall from time to time quarterly be, in Treafury to the receipt of the exchequer, of the faid furpluffes, excefles, and iffue out of overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund (after pay-the finking ing or rcfcrving fufficient to pay all such fum and fums of money s,000,0001. as kavc ^en directed by any former adt or adts of parliament to be paid out of the fame) there shall and may be iffued, paid, and applied, a fum not exceeding the faid fum of one million, for and towards the supply granted to his Majesty for the  service of the faid year one thousand seven hundred and forty 5 and the commiffioners of his  Majesty’s treafury, f>r any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurcr of any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafuiy for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to iffue and apply the fame accord* indy.

and the grow- II. And for or towards raising the faid further fum of two ing produce hundred thousand pounds, it is hereby further enacted by the •fthe	authority	aforefaid,	That	it	(hall	and	may be lawful to and for

raifing*the * commiffioners of his  Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more further fum of of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more

200,0001.	of the commiffioners of the tr.eafury for the time being, aq^Wicy fcrvicc are hereby authorized and impowered from time to tttfie, quar-*740. yClr tcrly>t0 *^uc anc* aPP]y growing produce of the faid furpluffes, exceffes, and overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund (after paying or referving fufficient to pay the faid fum of one million by this act granted as aforesaid, and all such other fum and fums of money as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former or other adt or adl$ of parliament in that behalf) towards raising the faid further fum of two hundred thousand pounds, for or towards the supply granted to his Majesty for the  service of the faid year one thousand seven hundred apd forty.

III.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforesaid. That the sum of twenty one thousand pounds, one (hilling, and

- eight pence halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer, arifen by fale of the lands in the ifland of Sain tChri/io-pher'Sy shall and may be iffued and applied, as part of the supply granted to his Majesty for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty; any law, ftatute, or provifion to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

IV.	And it is hereby eaafted by the authority aforesaid.

That



I74<*~J Anno decimo tertio G&orqii II, c.23.	401

That in cafe the (aid cofomiflioners of his Majesty^streafufy, or or the fkid any three or more of them, or‘the high treaiurer for the time being* shall think it advifeable to raife the (aid fum of one mil-^exchwuer* lion two hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof, by loans bills. ** or exchequer bills, in manner hereafter mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any perion or persons, natives of foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer^ any fum or. fums of money not exceeding the faid fum of one million two hundred thousand pounds, upon the credit of the furplufles, ex-cedes, and overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund % and to have and receive for the forbearance of the money lent, interest after a rate not exceeding three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, fo as such loans be allowed to be made by the (aid commi(Goners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer* or any three of the commif-(ioners of the treafury for the time being* who are hereby authorized to iflue their warrants for that purpose as fad as such loans shall be wanted for the publiek service; and moreover that no money to be lent upon the fecurity of this adt shall be rated and afiefled to any tax or afieffment whatsoever.

V.	And be it further enaded, That all and every person and tender to persons who shall lend any money upon the credit ot this ad as have tallies aforesaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exchequer, orders# lhali immediately have a tally of loan (truck for the fame, and an order for his, her* or their repayment* bearing the fame date with his, her, or their tally, in or upon which order (Hall be al-fo. contained a warrant for payment of interest for the forbearance thereof, not exceeding the faid rate of three pounds teii (hillings, per centum per annum, and to be paid every three months, until the repayment of the principal; and all such orders for repayment of money fo to be lent shall be regiftred in OrdtH and courfe according to the dates refjpedively 5 and that all and every person and persons shall be paid in courfe, according as their orders shall ftand regiftred in the faid regifter books, fo as the person or persons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors* adminiftrators, or alligns, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders first entred in the faid books of regifter, shall be taken and accounted to be the first person or persons to be paid out of the faid furplufles, excefles, arid overplus monies; and he,

(he, or they, who shall have his, her, or their ofckf or order* next entred, shall be taken and accounted to be the fectond person to be paid* and fo fucceffively and in courfe; and that the monies, to come in of or for the faid furplufles* excefles, and o-vtrplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund, as aforesaid*

(hall be in the fame order liable to the fatisfadioiiof the faid re-fpedive persons* and body or bodies politick or corporate, their * executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, or afligns refpedively, with- # . out undue preference of one before another, and not otherwise j and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufc, intent, or p purpose whatsoever, other than such ufes and purposes as are \.Vql. XVII.	Dd	ap-

 UooQle

40*	Anno decimo teftio GfeoRCiil li. c. 13;	[1740*

officers totake appointed by any other act or ads of parliament in that behalf as no fees. aforesaid; and that no fee, reward, or gratuity direCHy or indirectly shall be demanded or taken of any of his  Majesty’s fub-jeCts for providing or making of any such books or r^gmers^ or. any entries, views, or fearches in or for payment of money lent or the interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his  Majesty’s officer or officers, their clerks, or deputies, on pain of payment of .Penalties.	treble damages to the party grieved by the party offending, with

full cods of fuit; or if the officer himfelt take or demand any such fee or reward, then to lofe his place also ; and if any undue preference of one before another shall be made either in point of r^giftyy or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this a<ft* by any such officer or officers, then the party offending shall be liable by a&ion of debt, or on the cafe to pay the value of th£* debt with full cofts of fuit to the party grieved, and shall be fore*. ' judged of his office of place ; and if such preference be unduly made by-any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his mafter, then such deputy or clerk only shall be liable to foch aCtion, debt, damages, and cofts, and (bait be for ever af*. ter incapable of his office or placej and in cafe the auditor of the-receipt fhali not direCt the faid orders of loan, or the clerk of the-r	pells record, or the tellers make payment upon such order, ac-

f	cording toeach perfon’s due place and order as before direded*

..	then he or they fhali be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpeCtive

deputies and clerks therein offending, to. be liable to such a&ion** debt, damages, and cofts, in such manner as aforesaid; all which fgid: penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cofts, to be incurred by any tthe officers of the exchequer, or any their depu»J ties orcifik?,. shall and may be recovered by aCHon of debt, bill* plaint, prv information, in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at	%	wherCin	no	efloin,	protection*	privilege,	wager

t	of law, injunCfipn, or order of reftraint shall be in any wife

4'	granted °X a!k>wed.	;..v.

WIrat be VIv Provided always,, and it is hereby declared. That if it; interpreted no ffiall hqppca^that fevered'tallies of loans or orders for payment nndue pre-	as aforesaid, bear date or be brought the fame day to the audfoo

crence.	tpr of the receipt to be regiftred, then it shall be interpreted no

undue preforepce which q(thofe be entred firft, fo as he enters them all	day^	r	■. v:	x» ■ -V

VII.	Prpvidcdalfo, That it fhali not her interpreted any un-due preference, to incur any penalty, in point of payment, if the auditor direft, and the clerk ot the pell* record, and the tellers, do pay fubfequem orders, to persons that come and demand th?ir monies, and bring their orders, before other persons that did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in courfe; fo as there be fo much money referved as. will fatisfy precedent orders, which (haU not be otherwise difpofed " of, but kept for them, interest upon loan being to ceafe from * the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

-j.	VIII. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every perfim

and persons to whom any money fhali be due for loaas to be rev

gMlrcd



174b.) Anflo cjcdmo tertioGEORGli II. c. 23.	403

giftrtd by virtue1 ofthis aCl, after order entfed in the bo6k of re- Orders af-gifter as aforefiidj his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, AjpwN** of afligns, by proper words of alignment to be indorfed and urrittseh upon his* her, or their Order, may aifign or transfer his, her, Or their right;-title, interest and benefit of such order to any Other, whiehbeirtg iiotified In the Office of the auditor of the receipt aforesaid, ana dn entry or memorial thereof also made in the- book Of- regiftry aforesaid for orders (which the officers shall upon requeft without fee or charge accordingly make) shall intitle such afligrtee, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, futceflors, arid afligrts, tothe benefitthereof and payment therZon, and foch afligrtee may ihlike ihahner aflign again, and fo ttties quoties ; artdafterwirdS it fhaH not bein'thej>ower of luchpetfon of pCrfoflVWKo havb of hath made such afligntnent,

*0 make void, reteafej or difcharge the fame; or any the monies thereby due, or Brty part thereOfi	'	♦

I-XiAtMtO1 theeiftd-there niky-be-rto:#arit orfailurtof a certain fum, not to exceed in the whole the' faid fufoof one rtihiOrt'tWo hurtditd^thoufahd'jidllhds, iobe^raifed eitherby fiich loanS as aftiriffeid; of by ifluing exchequer-bills as^isherein	'	)

after mentioned, of by both or either "of thofe wiySor inettrts, for the publick (fervice ; He it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That in caft the qommiflioners of his  Majesty’s trea- Treafuiy may

£ry, or any three or trioreof them now being, dr the high tafurer, or ariythfet'<fr<tdoreof the commifltoners of the trea- 0u7n<^ex-n* fiiry for the time being, (hall-judge it more advifeable to raife chequer bills, the faid fum of one rriiRfon twohundred fhoufand pOiitids; or any part thereof, by exchequer bifl's tnftead Of fdch loads as aforesaid; that then they rcCpeCtiviiykre hereby authorised and impawered at any time -or times to prepare ana make, or CaufC td be prepared aim tnade, at the exchequer any numbet of new exchequer bills for any fum or farris of money, not exceeding in the whole the (Aid Aim of orte ihiliiprt two hundred thousand pounds, together with-fuch loans as Aforefaid, in the (Jime Of like manner, form; or Order, and according to the fame Of like rules and directions, as in and by a Certairtadt of parliamefit for continuing the duties upon malt, muth, cyder, arid perry, for the  service of the year one thoufahd (even hundred atid forty, are enacted and preferibed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuanee of the faid aCl.

X.	And be it further CnaCted by the authority aforesaid, That a - ofth all-and every-the daufes, provifoeS, powers, privileges, ad Van- ma]tla ,7+<£ tages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities contained in the relating to ex-faid laft-mentioned aCt relating to the loans or exchequer bills chequer bill*, Authorized to be made by the fame aCt (except such claufes as to do Charge the fame on the duties or impofitions granted or con-	ttU*

tinned by the fame aCt) shall be applied And extended to the ex- *	*

chequer bills to be made in purfuanee of this aCt, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the faid exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faid laft-mentioned aCt, or as if the faid several claufes or provifoes had been parti-

D d 2	cularly



404	Anno	dccimo	terrio	GeoRGII	II. €.» 113.	[ 1740,

cularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this present aft.

The faid bills XI. And be it ena<Sed by the authority aforesaid, That til j charged on the exchequer bills as shall be made in purfuance of this ad* ! Fond*ntcrc^i premium, rate, and charges incident to, oc | attending'the fame, shall be and are hereby, charged and chargeable upon and shall be repaid and born by or out of the grow- • ing produce of the faid furplufles, excefles, and overplus monies commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such monies of the | faid (inking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former or other ad qr ads of parliament in that behalf) and such monies of the faid finking fund shall and maybe itfued and applied, as fail as the fame can be regularly dated and ascertained, for or towards paying off, cancelling, and difchargr ing such exchequer bills, intereft,, premium, rate, or charges, until the wholc,of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and di£*

' charged, or money fufficicnt for that purpose be refcrved and Kept in the^ exchequer, to be payable on demand tothercfpaftive proprietors thereof.

' t # XII. Provided always, and be it further eroded by the au-Application of thorny aforesaid, That all the monies, coping into the exchc-chc iuppiaes. qU^r;> cither by loans or exchequer bills,! upon one ad of this leffion of parliament, intituled.  An act for , continuing the duties v. -• V *	- upon malt, mumy cyder, and perry, dn that part of Great Britain

:	—	tailed England, and for granting toms Majefly certain duties open

1 malt% mumx cyder, and perryy in that part of Great Britain (died .* n. * Scotland, for the  service of the year one thoufand/even hundred and forty, ltd fo mueh money (it any such be) of the duties thereby granted and continued, as shall arise or remain after all the loans pr exchequer bills made, or to be pade on the Came ad, and all the intereft, premium, qr ^rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the faid duties, shall be fa-tisfifd, or money fuflicient shall bereferved in the exchequer to dif^barge the fame; and all the monies coming jnto the exchequer, either by loaps or exchequer bills, , upon, one other ad of this fcflion of parliament, intituled,  An act for granting, an aid to his M&jffty by a land-tax y toberaifed in Great Britain, for the fervid of the year one thousand [even hundred and forty, and fo much money (if any such be) of the tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain, after all the loans or exchequer bills,made or to be made on the fame ad, and all the intereft, premium, or rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the faid laid land tax, fhaJLL be fatisfied, or money fufficient shall be Teferved in the exchequer to difeharge the fame ; and also the sum of eighty eight thousand seven hundred twenty two pounds, seven (hillings, and ten pence farthing, granted for the '	:	lerviceof the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine,

•	but not applied for the  service of that year; and the sum of

twenty one thousand pounds, one (hilhng, and eight pence halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer, arifen by (ale of the lands in the ifland of Saint CbriJiopker9s j and the sum of one million two hundred thousand pounds by

this

 L^ooQle

<	77	. , - -

1*740.3 Anno cfetinrto tertio Georgii II. c.23.	405

this a& granted as aforesaid, shall be further appropriated and 'applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the several life?, intents, and purposes herein after exprefled, fiibje& never*-thelefs to such reftridlions as,are hereinafter preferibed ; that is	[

fc fay,	:	j

XIII.	It is hereby enabled and declared. That out of all or *019.7041. Is. - any the aids or fupplies aforesaid, there shall and may be iflued id- for naval

and applied anyfum or fums of money, not exceeding two mil- *erv^e** lion nineteen thousand seven hundred and four pounds, eight (hillings, and three pence, for or towards the naval services herein after more particularly exprefled ; (that is to fay) for or towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of his  Majesty’s navy, and for half-pay to lea officers, and for or towards victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the vi&ualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards fea services in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed.

XIV.	And it is hereby also enabled, That out of all or any :j® the aids or fupplies as aforesaid, th<*re shall and may be iilued

and applied any Turn or fums of money, not exceeding ten	[

thoufand pounds, upon account, for or towards the support of	1

the royal hospital at Greenwich, and for the better maintenance of the feamen of the (aid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in the  service of their country,"

XV.	Abd it is hereby also enacted, that out of all or any the 140,434.1.4s.

aids or fupplies a$ aforesaid, there shall and may be iflued and »nd *V. for ^ applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding one hundred	*

and forty thousand four hundred thirty four pounds, four (hil- M,cp’ . lings ana eight pence, for or towards defraying the charge of

the office of ordnance for land  service performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land fervipes, not provided for by par- • liament,

XVI.	And it is also hereby enabled. That out of all or any	M*

the aids or fupplies as aforenid, there shall and may be iflued

and applied any fum qr Aims of money not exceeding ninety four ones, thousand five hundred fifty four pounds, eighteen (hillings, which with the sum of twenty three thousand fix hundred fifty nine pounds, three (hillipgs, iflued out of the sum of five hundred thousand pounds charged on the finking fund for the fer-vice of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, amounts to the (um of one hyndred eighteen thousand two hundred and fourteen pounds, one (hilling, for raising and defraying the charge of maintaining fix regiments of marines, confining of four thousand eight hundred and ninety men, commiflion and non-commiflion officers included, for fourteen months from the twenty fifth day of Oftober, one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, to the twenty fourth day of December one thousand (even hundred and forty, both days iqclufive; and any »•♦*>!■• f°r fum or fums of money not exceeding thirty three thoyfaqd foyr hundred twenty nine pounds, for railing and maintaining two thousand and forty men, officers included, to be added to the fix P d 3	regiments

 CjOO^Ic

4q6

Anno decimo tejtio GeoRGII JI. C. 23,	[1740.

3d. 3 far-things» for land forces, i. e.

regiments of marines for the year one thousand seven hundred

and forty.

1,210,095!. 4s. XVII. And it is hereby likewise enafted. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding one million two hundred ten thousand and ninety five pounds, four fhillings, and three pence three farthings, for or towards maintaining his  Majesty’s land forces, and other services herein after more particularly exprefled ; that is to fay, any fum 860 1 ol ios or ^ums money not exceeding eight hundred sixty thousand 4.d° halfpcn°S' 0He hundred and fifty pounds, ten (hillings, and tour pence ny, for guard* halfpenny, for defraying the charge of twenty eight thousand and garrifons. eight hundred fifty two men, commififion and non-commiflion officers included (and also including two thousand one hundred forty one invalids, and eight hundred and fifteen men which the regiment confifts of for the  service of the highlands) for guards, garrifons, and other his  Majesty’s land forces in Great Britain, Guernfey, and Jerfey, for the year one thousand seven hundred 205V 3 s. anc* fortY » an^ any ^um or ^ums money not exceeding two id/halfpinny, hundred lixty lix thousand two hundred and three pounds, two for the plan- fhillings, and one penny halfpenny, for maintaining his  Majesty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garrifons at Annapolis Royals Canfoy Placentia, Gibraltar, and Georgia, for the year one thousand (even hundred and forty; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding ten thousand three hundred forty seven pounds, and fix (hillings, upon account for the out-penfioners of Chelfea hofpital, for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding nine thousand ld ^our ^un^rcc^ feventy seven pounds, thirteen (hillings, and one toi^extraordi- Penny three farthings, for defraying the several extraordinary ex-liaryexpences. pences and services incurred in the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, and not provided for by parliament ; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding thirty four thousand five hundred eighty seven pounds upon account of half-pay to the reduced officers of his  Majesty’s land forces and marines, for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty, fubjeft never-thelefs to such rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as are herein after preferibed concerning the fame; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty two thousand eight hundred eighty pounds, nineteen (hillings, jUid two pence, for defraying the charge of general and fiaf^offioers for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty ; and any film 24501.13s. 6d. or fums of money not exceeding two thousand four hundred and for one com- fifty pounds, thirteen (hillings and fix pence, for maintaining panyofinva- onecoiftpany of invalids, to he forthwith rgifed; and for making an addition of twenty men to each of the four, cpmpaflfos of invalids raised \n November, one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, in all \o one hundred eighty one men, for Ac fer-vtec of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty; .and any

fiim

tations.

10,34-71* * to Chelfea hofpital.

H 5S7I. for half-pay.

22,880 1. 19 s ad. for general and ItafF

officers.

lids.

 LiOOQle

lf4°J Anno dccimo terda Georgii II. C*±f.	407

fum or fums of money nob exceeding three thousand nine hun-	f°rc*

dred ninety eight pounds, for paying of penfions to widows of fiich reduced officers of his  Majesty’s land forces and marines,w as died upon the eftablilhment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty fifth day of Decem-<■ ber9 one tboufand seven hundred and fixtecn, for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty; which faid fam of •three thousand nine hundred ninety eight pounds, (hail be iflued to such person or persons, as his Maiefty (hall, by warrantor 4rarrants under his royal fign manual, diredt or appoint to re-	t

xOehtethe fame, to be by him or them paid over to such widows Of half-pay officers, or their affigns, according to such eftablilh-sneffis, lifts, or other directions, and with and fubjeCt to such conditions, qualifications, deductions, or other allowances for ^the fame as his Majesty, by such and the like warrant of warrants, shall be gracioufly pleated to direct and appoint.

' XVtIL And it is also hereby enaCbed, That out of all or any «8Sc1. its. 9<!. the aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may >or deficiency be jflhed and applied any-fum or fums of money not exceeding ^***2 five thousand eight hundred sixty five pounds, eighteen (hillings,du 1CS* end nine pence, to replace tepthe (inking fund the like fum paid .out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of the additional 'Aamp duties at Chriftmas9 one thousand seven hunched and thirty eight, purfuant to a ejaufe in an ad of parliament palled in the fourth year of his Majesty's reign, for railing one million two hundred thousand pounds by annuities and a lottery for the . fervke of the year one thousand leven hundred and thirty one ; ^cpUcs to die and any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty’ thousand sinkingFund. 'pounds, to replace to the faid finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame to the governor and company of the bank of England for one year’s interest due on or before the eighth day of September, one thousand seven hundred andthirty nine, being after the rate of four pounds per centum on the principahfumof five hundred thousand pounds by them lent on the credit of the •fait duties towards the supply of the year one thousand fever^ hundred and thirty five, purfuant to a claufe in an a£b of parliament pafled inrheeighth year of his  Majesty’s reign, for grtnN ing and continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red and white . herrings, for the further term of four years ; and any fum: or	Jn.

JAims of money not exceeding ten thousand pounds, towards the taining the maintenance of the British forts and fettlements belonging to the African forts* royal African company of England, on the coaft of Africa ; and any fum or fums ofmoney not exceeding four thousand pounds,

-towards repairing and finilhing the collegiate church of Saint Jfeter9 JVe(Jtnin/ler\yLt\^ there shall and may be ifTued to the truf-teei for eftablilhing the colony of Georgia in America, any fum 40001. to the -or fums of money not exceeding four thousand pounds, by them repairing; to be applied for the further fettling and improving the (aid co-■lony ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fifty eight £>0oi^i0 the thousand three hundred thirty three pounds, fix (hillings, and colony of eight pence, ;Oft account of the fubfidy payable to the king ofGeorgia* Demark, purfuant to the treaty bearing date the day of

D d 4	March,





408	Anno	dedmo	tcrtio	Georgii	II.	c.i$.

5S.133I 6t. -AfirrS, one thousand fevenhundred and thirty for the year ad. fubfidy to onc thousand feveh hundred and forty.

Denmark XIX. And it is jiercby also ena&cd, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be ifTueil *oo,oool. for anj applied any fum'or fums of money not exceeding two hun-fcaition oTtbp^red t^oa^irKl pounds, upon account, towards enabling his war.	Majesty	to	carry	onln	the	moft	effectual manner, such meafurts

as his Majesty judge neceffary in the further proiccution at the juft war in ythich his Majesty is engagedi The aids not XX. And be it enacted, that the faid aids or fupplies provid-to be mifap- ed as aforesaid shall not be iffued or applied to any ufe, intent, plied. or purpose whatsoever, other thanrtne ufes and purposes before mentioned, or for the several deficiencies or other payments directed to be fatisfied thereout by any z& or adts, or any particular claufe or claufes for that purpose contained in any other mBt or aCts of this present feftion of parliament.

• XXI. And as to the faid fum of thirty four thouftnd five hundred eighty seven pounds, by this aCt appropriated on account of half-pay, as aforesaid *y it is hereby enaded and dedar-Itules for the ty l^c authority aforesaid, That the rules herein after pref-ipplication ofcr*bed (hail be duly obferved in the application thereof ; that is haff-pay. to fay. That no person shall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor, and under the age of Axteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop, or company, in which he fenr-ed, was reduced ; that no person shall have or receive any part of the ferae, except such persons who did aCtual  service in tome regiment, troop, or company j that no person having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Ma-*	jefty,	(hall	have or receive any part of the faid half-pay ; that

-no chaplain of ahy garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiaf-tical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland\ shall have or receive any of the faid half-pay ; that no person shall have or receive tany part of the fame, who hath religned his commiflion, and has had no commtlfton fince ; that no part of the fame shall he aHowed to any person by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to such perfops, who would have been otherwise intitjed to the fame as reduced officers ; and that po part of the fame ihall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately difbapdpd in /r#-\and9 except to such as were lately taken off theeftablifhment qf half-pay in Great Britain,.

XXII. And whereas by an all of parliament made in the twelfth year of his Majejiy's reign^ intituled\ An aCt for granting to his "Majesty the sum of five hundred thousand pounds out of the finking fund for the  service of the year one thousand fevep hundred and thirty nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raife the farther fum of five hundred thousand pounds out of the growing produce of the faid fund; and for the farther appropriating the fupplies granted in this feftion of parliament ; and far giving time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid • fox the indentures and coptnwfts of plefks and apprentices; fe~

vertf



174°-] Anno Bedrao terdo Geokgii II. c.' 14,25.	409

fvrtf/ fupplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to several ufes and purposes therein ex-prejfedy amongft which, any fum or /urns of money not exceeding thirty nine tboufesnd one hundred twenty four pounds, nineteen Jhil-lings, and two pence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of bis Mcfeeftfs land forces and marines, fiubjeft neverthelefe to such rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as in and by the aforefoid aft were treferibed in that behalf; now it is herebyprovided, enacted, ana declared by the authority afore-faid, That fo much of the faid fum of thirty nine thousand one The overplus hundred twenty four pounds, nineteen (hillings, and two pence, as is or shall be move than fufficient to fatisfy the faid reduced b/tppliccL officers according to the rules by the faid ad preferibed to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of such overplus, shall or may be difpofed of to such officers who are maimed or have loft their limbs in the late wars, or such otliers as by reason of their long service, or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper objeds of charity, or to the widows or children of such officers, according to (uch warrant or warrants under his  Majesty’s royal fign manual, as shall be (igned in that behalf; any thing in this aft or the (aid former ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIV.

Aii aft for amending and enforcing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and diforderly peribns, and for reducing the fame into one aft of parliament; and aiio fbr amending the laws for ereft-ing, providing,and regulating boufes of correction. REP. 17 Geo.a. c.5. feft.34. 1

CAP. XXV.

 An act for the more effeftual maintenance and weU-keeping of Stanes bridge and Egham caufeway, being the highway from London to the weft parts of England.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the first year §f preamble, re-.

the reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled. An ad con- citing t Hen.t. cerning ttye bridge of Stanes, the chancellor of England for the Ct9* time being, or the keeper of the King's great feal, and their fiuccejfors, were authorized and impowered to depute and ajfegn two, three, or four perfens of fhe town and parijh of Stanes, to take and receive toll and cuftom, as before that time had been ufed to be paid, as well for carts and horfes laden with merchandize and other fluff carried over and upon the fame bridge, as of barges coming underneath the fame bridge, and to employ the find tolls for repairing and making she faid bridge, and also the caufeway extending from the faid town of Stanes to the towh of Egham in the county ^Surrey, and to render a yearly account thereof to the faid chancellor or keeper for the time being, or before such per fens as either of them Jhoula depute and ajjign: and whereas by another aft made in the thirty ninth year of ^ ei;z, not toe• reign of £)ueen Elizabeth, intituled. An act for the better printed, ipaintenance and well-keeping of Stanes bridge and Egham caufc-iyay? being the highway from London unto the weft parts of *	\	England,



41$	—, Amo ^(^otafioGnoitGtiE. C:±S. [j?4pu

England, if was enaBed, That the chancellor 0/England for the time being, $r /*rrf keeper of the great feal,	their successors,

Jbould have the deputation and alignment of four men, whereof two to be of the town and parijh of Stanes aforesaid, and the other two to be of the town and parijh of Egham aforesaid; and the faid four to take and receive by themfelves, or their fufficient deputy or deputies, the toll and cxflom as before that time ought or had been vfed to be paid, and to employ the fame upon the reparation and making of the faid bridge and caufeway, and thereof yearly to yield account to the fetid chancellor or keeper of the great feal for the time being, or before fucb persons as he Jbould depute and affign, between the feajls of Saint Michael the Archangel and All Saints; and if by default of the four persons aforesaid, or any of them, in not gathering or not well-employing the faid toll, the faid bridge and caufeway, or either of them, Jbould not be fufficiently kept and maintained, the chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal had power to inflift a penalty upon them, or any of them, in whom such default fhould be found as aforesaid, not exceeding ten pounds, the Jame to be levied, by dijlrefs by such person or persons as Jhould be nominated by the faid chancellor or keeper of the great feal, and to be employed for maintaining the faid bridge and caufeway: and whereas the tolls and duties arifing by virtue of the faid afts, after deduction of taxes and cffejfments, do not amount to above forty five pounds per annum one year with another at an average, which fum is greatly inefficient to keep up, fupport, and maintain the faid bridge and caufeway; by reason whereof the faid bridge, or great part thereof, hath been for Jome time pad and now is in a ruinous and dangerous condition, and the faid caufeway is fallen to such decay, that unless fpeedily repaired, it will be in great danger of being broken through by high floods in the river Thames, whereby not only a great trafi of many thou-fand acres of land will be liable to be overflowed, and several towns and villages greatly damnified, but also the courfe and navigation of the river Thames may be obflrufled and diverted, and the road from Stanes to Egham aforesaid, being part of the great wefiern read, rendered impajfable: and whereas the bridge-majlers, or persons deputed by the chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal as aforesaid ', in order to provide money for the repair of the faid bridge and caufeway, have frequently kept up a ferry there at an exorbitant rate, to convey paffengers over the river Thames, to the great inconvenience and opprejfion of all persons travelling that way, &c.

CAP. XXVI.

 An act to revive, explain, and amend an afl made in the Jixttenth and fevent eentb years if the reign of his late ma-jejly King Charles the Second, intituled.  An act for male-mg the river of Medway navigable, in the counties of Kent and Sujfex.

Preamble, te- TX7HERE AS an off of parliament was made in the fixternth ^dttngtheaft VV and fevent eentb years of the reign of Ms late majefiy King not printed*' Charles the Second, intituled.  An act for making the river of

Medway

174P"3 Anno .^cdmo tertlo Georgxi ir. c.o&.\

Medway navigable, in the counties of Kent and Suffix; wbipir by, after reciting^ thaf making the river Medway, and all fitter % rivers,.firearns, and water courfes falling thereinto, tn the counties Kent and Suffex, navigable, had been upon view found to be fea-fable, and would be of great ufe for the better and more eofy and fpeedi portage of iron ordnance, balls, timber, and other materials, tn places adjacent, made, forged, and provided for his Majefiy's fer~ vice, at all times, and more especially at fucp times onf feafous in the sear as the fame could not otherwise be brought \out of thofe parts find would be advantageous to the inhabitants, and all others concern* ' fid, as well for carriage of the commodities aforesaid, as of wofid, corn, and grain, hay, hops, wool, leather, and all other pravifions, growing and accruing from thence; as also of coals, lime, flow Wares, and all other necejffaries and commodities to be carried thither, whereby commerce and trade would be much increafed, and the pub-lid weal advanced: It was therefore enabled, fiat it Jhould and tnight be lawful for certain Perfons therein named, to make the faid river, andfir earns running thereinto, navigable, in fucb manner as by the faid aft is limited and directed', and commijf fitters were also therein appointed, with power to adjudge and determine proper far tisfaflion to all person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, for any lofs or damage to be by them fufiained, by cutting, digging, or otherwise damnifying their lands ana tenements, in waking the faid fiver and firearns navigable, with a power to appoint new commif* ftoners in the Jlead of thofe dying or refuftng to alt and whereas the powers by the faidabl created, were never yet earned tutf execution ^ and the several persons authorized thereby to make, the faiff rivfr pud firebms navigable, and the several commiffionprs therein named pni appointed, are all fince dead, without any proper fuccejfors appointed ip their dead in manner as by the faid all is directed: and . whereas the mating the faid river and f breams navigable at this time is likely to be of great utility to the publick, by redfon that great * • : quantities of timber growing on the woods of Kent and Suflex, through which the faid river and f reams run, and which is allowed to be the befi in this kingdom for the ufe of his Majcfifs navy, Cannot be conveyed to any market, but at a very large expence, by reason of the badnefs of the roods in thofe parts: and whereas divers persons herein after named, and many others, are defirous to become undertakers for making the faid river ^Medway and dreams nar vigable, and have agreed tQ raife among ft themfehes a jum of money fufficient for that purpefe; *nay itpleafe your most excellent Ma-jefty that it may be ena&cd, tele:

Proprietors power. If proprietors or others do not like commiflioners decree, commiflioners to iflue warrants to {heriffs" or coroners of Kent or Suffex to impanel and return a jury, to appear before the commiflioners, to affefs damages; and commiflioners to give judgment. Verdifts, See. to be recorded by the clerk of the peace for Kent or Suffex. Proprietors always liable to pay damages to the land owners. See. by verdict of a jury before the commiflioners. Proprietors may raife money amongft them-firWesto carnr on their work, not exceeding 30,0001. The money rai&d, to be divided into 300 fliares. No person to have above 10 (bares. Sub-feribers not anfwering all the calls, shall lofe what they have paid. Subscribers to have a vote for every (hare, by themfeives or proxies. Books

of

 L^ooQie

‘4«	Anno	derimo	tertfo Georgii II. c. 27.	[1740.

of accounts to be kept at Tunbridge in a cheft, and the key kept by tha committee. Proprietors may employ boats, See. to carry goods on the river, and take toll of others. No toll to be paid till the river is navigable for boats carrying 40 tons. Boats not carrying goods or paffengers, to pafr toll-free. The navigation of the river Medway not fuhje& to the com** mh&oners for fewers.

C AP. XXVII.

'	An aft fair prohibiting commerce with Spain. EX P.

\X7HEREAS bis Majeft hath hern called on by the repeated * ' infults, depredations,and cruelties of the Spaniards,	soil

Preamble.	<5 f*	of the power which God	hath given , for vindicating the hoi

•	*	nOur and dignity of his	erowny andfor fecuring to histhe un-

doubted tights and privileges of navigation and commerce to which they are	juftly intitled; and in order thereunto his	upon	juft

and honourable grounds hath thought fit to declare war with Spain ; and it bring highly reauifite and ntceffary to prohibit and rtftrain at commerce between bis Mrieft/s fubjeSs andthofe {/'Spain in Europe, and to enforce futh prohibitions and	by fevere penalties j bf

it therefore enacted, &c.

No good* to be imported from Old Spain, dating the war, on penalty of forfeiting (hip and good*, and treble the value. Except what are loaned st Minorca or Gibraltar, before i May, 1740, and brought home on Sri. tidi bottom* before 14 June, 1740.

III.	And to prevent collufive, fraudulent, or clandeftine captures by privateers; be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. Privateer* That if any privateer or privateers shall by confent, or clande. taking dupe ftinely, or by collufion, feize or take any (hip or veflel whatsoever, by collufion, upon due proof thereof to be made in the court of admiralty, ndPH«feer k**! or recognizance given in the faid court by or on the be-hothrotfetod half of such privateer at the taking out of his commidion shall be pronounced and declared by the dud court to be forfeited, and the privateer (hip itfelf, with all her appurtenances, guns, tackle, ammunition, and goods on board, as also the merchant (hip or velTel that shall be fo taken, with her appurtenances and lading, upon proof as aforesaid, (halLbe condemned as good and lawful prize; and after condemnation and Tale thereof the perlbn or persons difdovering and profecuting the fame shall have one third part of the net produce for his or their encouragement

The King bjr prodamxtioq may take off the prohibition. Claimant to give 1001. fecuriry to anfwercoA* of profecution.

CAP,

 LnOOQie

1740.]' Anno decimo tcrtio Gborgii II. C;2&.

4*3

CAP. XXVIII.

An aH for continuing the feverallaws therein mentioned; relating to the premiums upon the importation of tnafts, yards and	bowfprits,	tar, pitch and turpentine; to Britilh

fail cloth, and the duties payable on foreign	to

the Greenland and to the whale fifliery: for granting a further bounty for all Jhips employed in the whale fijhery durittg	the presentwar for exempting	, and	o-

tbers employed in the Greenland fifhery trade, from being impreffed * • and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contrails of clerks and-apprentices.

-\	-	•	i	J	'

WHEREAS the laws herein afttr mentioned are found tebe Preamble.

very ufeful and beneficial to the puare fo near expiring that it is fit they Jhould now be continued \ be it therefore enadbed by the King’s moft, excellent majesty, by and with the advice ana C9nfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of an alt made in the fecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled.  An act for the better ftrvation of bis Majefiy's woods in America, and for the encourage- A& s. Geo. t. is tent of the importation of navalfores from thence $ and to tie importation of snafis, yards and bowfprits from that part of Great Britain called Scotland; as relates to the premiums upon mafts, ” * yards and bowfprits, tar, pitch and turpentine, which was made to be in force from the twenty ninth day of	one thou-

fand seven hundred and twenty nine, for the space of thirteen	.	'

years, and to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, fhal: conjwed t?t be, and the lame is hereby continued from the time therein li- M Geo. **7- * mi ted for the expiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day oft. 35, December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and fromthenco to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

II.	And beitfurther enacted by the authority aforelaid, That an Aft 9GM. *. adt made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, in-tituled,  An act for further encouraging and regulating	mansifac-	s,	*

ture of YSnXifti fail doth, and for the more efifeftual/(curing the duties now payable on foreign fail doth imported into this kingdom', which was to be in force from the twenty fourth day of	, one

thou land seven hundred and thirty fix, for the jjtace of five years, and to the end of the then next feflion of parliament,

(hall be and the fame is hereby continued from the time therein c°nJ>nue<* *° limited for the expiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day of **s°' December, one thoufend seven hundred and fifty, and from c. 5*. thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefajd, *• Geo, *. That an adt made in the fifth year of nis present  Majesty’s reign,c* «• intituled.  An act for encouraging the Greenland filhery, .which was

P

 

4*4	Auixo dcmmo tettio Gborgit ft. c.	['1740.

Aft 5 Goo. 1. to be in force for nine years, from the twenty fifth day of De-c. *». for tn-	cember, ooe thoufand	ItUfldredarfd thirty one,* shall be;

Greprdand a°d fame ** hereby continued from the time therein limited fflun, for die expiration thereof* unto the twenty fifth day of Decetk-continued to btr, ok^o thousand seven hundred and fifty,-and from thence to •5 Dec. 1750. the end-of the then next session of parliament*

Aft 6 Geo. t. , IV. .And' be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, c. ji.jtrtH- That art aft made in the fixth year of his prefen t  Majesty’s 2ESXT reign, intituled, Anatlj for the further	encouragement the	whale

ctmtinuedto fifierh carried on by his Majejiy Britifh	which was to be

,s Dec. 1750. in force'during the continuance of the laft mentioned a« ofthe 4* Geo. %.	fifth year of his  Majesty’s reign, intituled, An for intoteragbig

*S-	the Greasnlahd fthtry, shall be, and the fame is hereby continued

ffom the time therein limited forthe ekpiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred- and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next fefHon of par-■ ■ liment. .\*	; .

V. Aad be it further Onatffed by the authority afbre&idi That over hand above the allowance of twenty (hillings a ton; according40 ;the admeasurement of the fhip; by the fad laft mentioned aft*! hefted fo bfcipbid*-it (hatl and maybe lawful fdt the rbfpe&tve commifflbncri of the cuftbms in! Great BiHaiHi' during the pfefent war and nolonger (upon having such f<9i8-dule; certificate, licence arid oath transmitted fo them by the'

.» »collector and comptroller of the port from whence such (hip " shall depart; as by the faid .laft mentioned aft iS1 dhefted ; ana upon such commiflioners being fatisfied of the faithful dealings of the mafter and other perforis-employed iff fdbh^ (hip, with re* Additional fpeft to ftich voyage and fithery) on demand 10 came payment’ bounty ofios. to be nude to the matter or owners. Of to Ki$ of their afhgns* per ton, dur- by tfoe receiver generalof the cuttoms in that: part of Gfeat Brit /die from whence such (hip ihall depart, of the sum of ten fh3J, c. is'. fe£t. 7. lings a ton, according to the adtiieafuremerit of the (hip, over .anaabove thefum of twenty (hillings a ton by the laft mentioned aft gsanetd. for the encouragement of the:Whale'fifhery in the Greenland Teas, or Davis’s	,	and	the	adjacent	Teas,	car-

c -,j r>*d oft By his  Majesty’s Briti/h fubjefts, in fuch! manner, and a< or such rime or rimes-as the faid allowance of twenty (hillings a ton' Jailor*not to by tbefard laft mentioned aft is difefted to be paid: And be imprefled. as the Greenland fijherj trade cannot be carried on without men who-are ufei	to the faidfijbery; be it therefore enacted by the autho-

rity aforesaid. That no harponeer, line-manager,* boat-fteerera or feaman, aftio shall be in, or belonging1 to1 any (flip or vefB-i1 in the Greenland fithery trade, shall be imprefled from the find fcrvice, and that any such harponeer, line-manager, boat-fteer-er, or feaman, may, during the time of the year that he or they are not employed in the faid fifhery, fail in the colliery trade,' upon giving fecurity to the farisfaftion of the commiffioners of the cuftoms, that be or they will proceed in the faid (hip or vef-fel to Greenland, or Davits Streights, on the whale fifnery the next feafon.

VI.	And,

 C.ooQle

*740-3’ Anno dedtno tert&QpofcGiiII. C. 2$,	spt§.

- VI. And, for the.relief of any. perlco or persons, who through: Time enlarg-negkCt or inadvertency have omitted to pay the several .rate* *or t*?1"* ana duties, or any, part thereof, upon jnonks given, paid, con- rury! ap. traced or agreed for, with or in relation to afty ckrk, appren- prentices, and tice or fervant which hath been put or placed to or with any Ramping their mailer or miftrefs to learn any profeffion, trade or employment,' “denture*!, and, to have such indentures or other writings which shall cen- c* tain the covenants, articles* contracts or agreements relating to the  service of such Clerk, apprentice or fervant damped, within the times by the several afl$ of parliament for thofe purposes re-fpe&ively limited} or, who hayealfo in-like manner omitted to infert and write in words at length in. fueh indentures or other writings as aforesaid, the full fum or fums of money or any part thereof received, or in any wife direCtly. or indirectly given, paid* agreed or contracted for, with or in relation to every Aw h clerk, apprentice or fervant as afcrrelaid; be it ena&ed bylne authority aforesaid, That upon payment" of the rates and duties upon monies, or such part of such monies fo negledted or omitted to be paid as afore laid, on or before the fittt day of Jttguft, end tbouiand seven hundred and forty, to such |>erfon or persons to whdm the fame ought to be paid, and tendring the laid indentures or other writings to be damped at the fame time, or at any time on or before the twenty ninth day of	, one thou-

fand seven hundred and forty, (of Which timely notice is to be given in the London Gazette) the fame indentures or other writings shall be good and available in law or equity, and may bo given in evidence in any court whatsoever; and the clerk, apprentice or fervant therein named, shall be capable of following and exercifing their refpeClive intended trades or employments, as fully as if the faid rates and duties fo omitted had been duly paid, and the full Aim or Aims received or agreed for as aforesaid had been inferted; and the persons who have incurred any penalties by the' omilftons aforesaid, shall be acquitted and dif-charged of and from the faid penalty; any thing in this or the faid former alts to the contrary in any wife notWKhftanding.

CAP. XXIX.

 An act for confirming and enlarging the powers granted by bis :	Majesty to the governors and guardians of the

the maintenance and education of	exp and deferted young

children, by bis moft gracious charter, bearing date the ; feventeentb day of O&ober, in the year of our Lard one j tboufand seven hundred and thirty nine, and to enable them . *> to execute the good purposes of the faid . •	.	a	’	■*'

WHEREAS bis Majesty, in companion to the numbers of poor infants who are liable to be expofed perijb in theftreets, or he murdered by their indigent and inhuman parents, has been moft gracioufty pleafed,by his royal charter under	feal Great

Britain, to create and eftablijh a corporation or body politick by the name of The governors and guardians of the hospital for the-

 LiOOQle

Anno deciftio tertioGEoUGflf II. C.30."	£174$.

1 maintenance and education of acpofed and deferted young children (	which corporation is	b the tbarttr detlartd to have

petual Jucctjfion, and impowered to take,	receive	and

pojfcfs fads, tenements and	to	the	value	of

fand pounds a	year,and goods, chattels and perfonal ejlate of what na-

ture and value fnever; and to pur chafe or creti an hofpitalfor the fup~

" t«rtr maintenance and education of expofed and deferted young children 5 and to hold courts, to make by-laws, and to- eleit governors and officers* and tOfda other ails for the purposes of the faid charter: and whereas great Jams of money have been given, by the governors of the faid bofpi-tal, and otter terfons, to be applied to the charitable lifts before mentioned : and whereas by reason of the laws now in force far the relief4 of the poor many difficulties may arise in carrying into execution the good intents of the faid charter, and that the granting other and further powers to thefaid corporation is requifte, effectually to anfwer the aforesaidi may it pleafeyour Majcfty that it may be en-

■>	.	......	1

Hofpital may purchafe lands, Sec. not exceeding 40001. per inn. *faxe4 on lands. See. not to be railed above what was p?id in F739\ though improved for the ufe of the corporation. Conveyances to be approved of by the lord chancellor, See. Corporation to maintain and educate as many Children as they think fit. No churchwarden. See. to hinder any persons bringing their children to the hofpiral, on penalty of 40 s. No parish officer (hallhave any authority in the hofpital. No. fettlemfijit by being e«* dricated in the hofpital. No fees due to any parish for chriftenings or on-rials. Corporation to provide minitter and burial ground. Children may be Jett fdr hire to work abroad for the ufe of the hofpital. Prefident, Sec* to be phofen annually. On death of prefident, See. others to be cbofen. Governors may remove officers anc) fervants at pleafurey

\

CAP. XXX.

 An act for further enlarging the term granted

the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King Williaifl the Third, For cleaning and making navigable the chanel from the Hithe at Colcbefier to Wivtnboe \ and for making the faid aB, and another aB of the fifth year of the reign of bis late Majesty King George the , For enlarging the term granted by the faid aft of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King William the Third, mPre effeBual.

T*^ wmlrlr re- W PEREAS an all in the ninth and tenth years of the citing the ad* reign of his late majefiy King William the Third, intituled, , & 10 W. j. An adV for cleanfing and making navigable the chanel from the c.and Hithe at Colcbefier to IVivenhce; which all was made to continue 5Gna.i.c.	*x' from fa jjrjf fay of Wlay, one tboufand fix hundred and	ninety'

eight, for and during the fyace of one and twenty years, during whicP term certain duties were by the faid all laid upon such goods, wares and merchandizes, for the purposes aforesaid, as in the faid all are mentioned ; upon the credit of which all the mayor of Colchefter, and the jufiices of the peace for the eafi divifion of tot county of Effex, the 2	ttm-

V

 v^oooie

1741.]	Anho tiecimo tertio Georgii II, c. 30*

commiffipners therein appointed, had purfuant to Ihe authority thereby giVeH borrowed monies for the more Jpeedy and effectual complecting . of the faid work 5 but the faid duties falling fhort, there had not been Juffident raised thereby, either to perfect the Paid work, or to pay the whole money borrowed for that purpose ; and the sum of one thousand and two hundred pounds, or thereabouts, was in the year one thousand feveh'hundred and nineteen remaining due to the executor ^William Hewer, late of Clapham in the county of Surrey, efqtdre, upon fe-curity of the premiffs, which could not he repaid^ nor the Jaid channel be effectually repaired and amended according to the intent of the faid act, unless a further provifion was made by parliament, ana the faid aCt made more effectual: and whereas by an ad faffed in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George, intituled. An adt for en larging the time granted by an adt of the ninth and tenth years of King William, for cleanfing and making navigable the channel from the Hithe at Colchefter to Wivenhoe, and for making the faid adt more effedtual (reciting as before is recited) it was enaCted, That the faid former aCt, and all the powers and authorities thereby given, and all and every the claufes, provifoes, matters and things therein contained, and not thereby altered, Jhould, for raifing, levying, colled* ing, fe curing of, and accounting for the rates and duties thereby granted or continued, and to that end for levying and recovering the penalties and forfeitures mentioned in the faid former aCt, andfor Other the purpose s of that aCt, be continued, and be in fullforce and effect from tbe firfi day a/Mav, which Jhould be in the year of our Lord one thousand Jeven hundred and nineteen (when the faid former recited aCt would expire) until the firfi day of May, which Jhould be in the year of our Lord one thoufandfeven hundred andforty, being a further term of twenty one years, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were particularly and at large repeated and re-enaCiei in the body of thefaid lafi recited oCi y and it was thereby further enacted, That ihe duties granted by virtue of the faid laft recited aCt Jhould be one moiety or half part ofthe duties granted by the faid former aCt, and no more, and all com or grain whatsoever Jhould be wholly exempted: and whereas fince the faffing the faid lafi recited a Cl the money due t6 the executor of William Hewer has been paid, and the commiffmers have erected a very large lock on the faid chanel, which has been found by experience to be of very great ufe and forvice to the navigation thereof; and forafmucb as the maintenance and reparation of the faid lock wiU be a continual expence, and the term in the faid laft recited aCt will expire the firfi dap of M*y, one thousand Jeven hundred and forty, and the lock after that time eannot be Jupported, and the chanel be kept cleanfcd and fit for navigation, unlefsform further provifion be made by parliament for the fame, and a power be given to ibi'xommiffmers to lend on mortgage, or lay out in the pur-chafe of lands or other wife, the sum of eleven hundred pounds or thereabouti, which on the expiration oj the faid lafi recited aCt, after the charge of pajfing this present aCt is paid, will be in the receiver gene* rots band, or then due and in arrear from persons that ought to have paid the fame: may it therefore pleafe your most excellent M3-jefty that it may be cnadted, &c-Vol.XVIL	Ee	The







«

Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. c. 1,-3. [174J;

!be two recited aftsmade perpetual. Duty of id. a chalder on coal. No rangers may open the lock. Money railed, mall be difpofed of by tbe commiflioners.

Anno deeimo quarto G E O R G11II. v

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Weftminftcr, the fourteenth day of January, Anno Dom. 1734 eighth year of the reign of our fovereign lord Geoige the cond, by the grace of Gody of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by feveralprorogations to the eighteenth day of November, 1740, (i) being the feventb	this	prefent

parliament.

GAP. I.

* Tent, xiv«. die Novem-

j  An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in cttnLnnx*** Gresrt Britain, for the ffryice of^the year one thousand (even hundred xviium diem	*0J

Aprilis, &c.

In recordo.

Preamble.

and forty one. Exp. 4s. in the PounX

CAP. II.

 An act for continuing tbe duties upon malt, mam, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England $ and for granting to his Ma-jefty certain duties Upon majt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland 5 for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty one. Exp.

CAP. III.

An ail toprohibit, for a time therein limited, the exportation of eorn9 grainy (rite excepted) meaty malty floury bready bifcutty flarchy beefy porky and bacon. EX P.

WH E REAS the exportation of any fort ofcprn or grain (rice excepted) mealy malty floury bready bifeuity flarchy beefy porky or bacon, out of this kingdom of Great Britain* or from Ire-landy or any of bis Majeftfs colonies or plantations in Aqaeripa, or pthtr the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain in Europe, may at this time be greatly prejudicial to bis Majeflys fubjefis $ be it therefore enafted, £sV.

Com, See, not to be exported before a 5 Dec. *741. Rice excepted. Officers of the cuftotp* im powered to feize, and bring the goods to tbe King's warehouses. Corn, See, may be carried coaftwife, or to any of his Ma-jefty’s plantations. India company may supply their fettleraent?. Wheat, &c. may be fent from the port of Southampton, to theifles of jerfey and <Guendey. Jamaica may tranfport to the bays of Honduras and Gam-peachy. To give account in parliament. Malt declared to be made for exportation, before 6 Dec. 1740, to be allowed. HisMajeity may grant power to export the faid commodities. When certiorates of landing com dec. fliali he returned, 15 Geo ». c. 35.

CAP.

 

4*9

AjJno dodiTK) quarto GeorgiiII. c.4,--6,

•••• CAP. IV. '

Ah aft to Impower Jofeph Porter, James Bourdieu, and Abraham Defc ibarette,' to import a certain quantity of raw iiik of the growth of Spain from Leghorn*

CAP. V.

An a& for making the chapelry of Nether ICnutsford, in the parish of 1 Rofthern, and county ot‘ Chefter, a feparate and diftinft parish, and for > crewing a parish church therein, endowing the fame, fettling the right . of presentation thenqtq, apd other purpolest

- CAP. VI.

 An act to render the law\ more effectual for preventing tie L,.:	ftealing and defraying ofjheep, find other cattle.

WHEREAS divers eviUdifpofed persons have of late mm Preamble* generally and frequently than was ever known before, made it 1their practices fecretly in the night-time to drive away and Jleal great Mothers of Jheep, and Ukewife fecretly in the night-time to kill great numbers of Jheep, aud io ftrip off their Ikins, and then Jleal the car-cafes of the Jheep fo killed, leaving their /kins behind to prevent difeo-writs, and also m like manner to kill great numbers of Jheep, and then cut open the Jheep Jo killed, and take out and Jleal their inward fat, leaving their careofes behind to prevent being difeovered; by which wicked practices many of bis Majefijs good Jubje&s have been very greatly injured in their properties, and put to very great charges in having their Jheep and other cattle watched: and whereas the lows in being have not proved effectual to prevent the incrcafe of the faid wicked practices •, be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame, That if any person or persons (hall, at any time, from and after the first day Shwp-fteahng of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred SirtVf and forty one, felonioufly drive away, or in any other manner made felony, felonioufly Heal, one or more Iheep or other cattie of any without bene-<bther person or perfotis whatsoever, or fliall wilfully kill one fit °fc,crgy-or more (heep or other cattle of any other person or persons fj^jL whatsoever* with a felonious intent to fteal the whole carcafe	%f

occarcafes, or any part of parts of the carcafe or carcafes of any c; one or more Iheep or other cattle that shall be fo killed, or (haft *ffift or aid any person or persons to commit any such offence or offences ; that then the person or persons guilty of any fach offence, being thereof convi61ed in due form of law, fliall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fuffer death as in cafes of fe.-lony* without benefit of clergy.

II.	And for the encouragement of such persons as shall vigo- Reward for roufly endeavour td difeover, apprehend and profeeute such of- taking and fenders as aforesaid ; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the first day of May, one thou- P C4 fand seven hundred and forty one, all and every person and persons, who shall apprehend and profeeute to conviction, any offender or offenders guilty of any of the offences herein before . I J	E	e	2	men'-

 booQle

420	Anno dcclmo quarto Georgii IJ. c.6.	[1741;

mentioned, shall have and receive, as a reward upon every such conviction, the sum of ten pounds, to be paid within pne month after such refpeCtive conviction, by the (heriff or (heriffs of the '	county	where such offence or offences shall be committed and

done (without any deduction whatsoever) to the person or persons fo apprehending and profecuting such offender or offenders, he or they tendering a certificate to the (heriff or (heriffs, figned by the judge or judges, before whom any such offender shall be convicted, certifying such conviction, and where the offence was committed, and that such offender or offenders was or were apprehended and profecuted by the person or persons claiming the faid reward ; which certificate the faid judge or judges are hereby authorized and required to fign accordingly, before the end of the fame feflions or affizes, at which such refpective con-yiCtion shall happen to be ; and in such certificate shall direCt and appoint (in cafe more than one person shall claim a right to the faid reward) what (hare and proportion thereof shall be paid to each claimant ; and if it shall happen that any such (heriff or (heriffs shall die or be removed before the expiration of one month after such conviction, and demand made of the faid reward (the fame not being paid as aforesaid) that then the next fucceeding (heriff or fheriffs shall pay the fame within one month favSof^ w-" after demand, and certificate brought, as aforesaid ; and if dement, to for- fault of payment of the faid fum or fums of money shall happen fcit double to be made by any (heriff or (heriffs, such (heriff or (heriffs fo tlie fum. making default shall forfeit to the person or persons, to whom such money is due as aforesaid, double the fum or fums of money he or they ought to have paid, to be recovered by him or them, or his or their executors or adminiftrators, in any of his Majeftv’s courts of record at lVeJlminflery by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein but one imparlance, and no efioin, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed, with Treblecofts. treble cofts of fuit, by him or them expended in the recovery of the fame.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all (heriffs, their executors and adminiftrators, upon producing such refpeCtive certificates, and the receipts for the mo-Sheriff* how n*cs paid by them in purfuance of this aCt, shall be allowed, to be repaid, and are hereby impowered to deduCt, upon their accounts, all monies, other than double the fum or fums of money, and treble cofts of fuit, which they shall difburfe as aforesaid ; and that if upon account of any (heriff or (heriffs there shall not be money fufficient in the hands of such (heriff or fheriffs, to reim-burfe him or them such monies paid by him or them by virtue of this aCt, that then the (heriff or (heriffs, having fo paid the faid monies, shall have the lame repaid by the lord treasurer or commifiioners of his  Majesty’s treafury for the.time being, out of the revenue of the crown, upon certificate from the clerk of the pipe to that effedt.

CAP,

 

421

174*0 Anno dedmo quarto Georgii II. c. 7.

CAP. VII.

 An act for licenfmg the importation of viftual from Ireland, and other parts beyond the feas, into Scotland, in time of dearth and fear city.

WHEREAS by the ninth alt paffed in the parliament of Scot- Preamble.

land, holden by her late Majesty Sheen Anne, in the year one thousand seven hundred and three, intituled, An ail difeharging importation of Irijh vidua], beef, and cattle, the importation of victual from Ireland or any other places beyond the feas into Scotland, and the buyings felling, and retailing the fame, were refrained and prohibited under several penalties mentioned and contained in the faii ally and in several former alts of the parliament of Scotland therein mentioned and referred to, and thereby ratified and approved, with this provifo, that when by reason of dearth the prices of viltual Jhould exceed the following rateSy viz. Wheat twelve pounds the bolef bear, barky, malty and mealy eight pounds per boky and oats and peasyftx pounds the bole 5 the lords of her Majesty s privy council Jhould have powery after due trial by them taken, to fufpend and difeharge the execution of the laid prohibitory alls for Juch space and time as the exigence of the faid dearth /ball require, and no longer; and whereas by the fixth article of the treaty of union it is Jlipulated, agreed, and provided, That the prohibition as then in force by the law ^Scotland again)1 importation of villual from Ireland, or any other place beyond fea into Scotland, Jhould after the union remain in the fame force as it then was, until more proper and effeHual ways Jhould be provided by the parliament of Great Britain, for difeouraging the importation of the faid villual from beyond the fea: and whereas by an all made and paffed in the fir/l parliament of Great Britain, in the fixth year of the reign of her faid late Majesty Jputen Anne, intituled,

An act for rendering the union of the two kingdoms more intire and compleat 5 it was mailed. That from and after the firjl day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, the Spueen’s majejly, her heirs, and fuccejfors, /hall have but one privy council in or for the kingdom of Great Britain, to be /worn So her Majesty, her heirs, and fuccejfors, as fovereigns of Great Britain, and that such privy council Jhould have the fame powers and authorities, as the privy council of England lawfully had, ufed, and exercifed at the time of the union, arid no other \ by means whereof the power of fufpendtng the faid laws prohibiting the importation of villual into Scotland, cannot in any time of dearth and fcarcity, or on any other exigency, be exercifed and put in execution, which may be of dangerous and pernicious confequence to his Majejlfs fubjells of that part of Great Britain: Wherefore, for preventing and providing against the fame, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confentof the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament adembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the powcr 0f fufm power of fufpending and difeharging the execution of the faid pending pro-prohibitory laws, which in and by the faid ad of her late ma- hibitory laws,

E c 3	jellyt0 he veiled in

 LiOOQ Le

the icveral

Charts m Scotland.

How and

4.22	Anno	decimo quarto CiEORGii II. c. 7.	£1741*

the judges of jefty Queen Anne, pafled in the year one thousand seven hun-* dred and three, in the parliament of Scotland,, was verted in the lords of the privy council, (hall, from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and forty one* b* verted in, and the fame is hereby from thenceforth verted in the judges of the courts of feflion, judiciary, and exchequer, in Scotland, in manner following; and any nine of the faid judge* in time of fefllon, and any five of them in the time of vaciflce^ shall and may, and they are hereby refpechvely authorized and, required to exercife and execute the faid power of fufpenGon, in as full, ample, and extenfive manner, as the lords of the privy1 council of Scotland might or could have exercifed and executed the fame, before the (aid a<5t of the fixth of Queen Anne% for rendering the union of the two kingdoms more compleat, fub-jedt nevertheless to the rules and dire&ions of this present a£l: and for the afeertaining and determining the prices of vi&ual, in order to authorize and warrant the fufpenfion of the faid prohibitory laws, according to the tenor and intention of the faid adls of the parliament of Scotland, containing such provifo for fufpenfion; be it enadled by the authority aforesaid, That from when to apply an(j after the faid twenty fifth day of Marchy one thousand seven import viftual hundred and forty one, in any time of fcarcity and dearth, it imp Scotland, shall and may be lawful for any person or persons defirous to import vifluaf from Ireland, or other parts beyond the feas, into Scotland, to apply by a fummary petition, to the judges of the court or feflion, for licence to import such vidlual from Irelandy or other parts beyond the. feas, into Scotland\ and the faid judges are herfeby authorized and required immediately, upon such petition to make intimation thereof, by tranfmitting a fair copy of the fame, to the clerk of the peace for every fhenffdom or ftew-artry of Scotland, and to affign and appoint a time not exceeding fifteen days from the time of such application, for hearing and examining the proofs and evidence herein after dire&ed to be had and taken, concerning the preraifTes and in cafe such application shall be made in time of vacance, then it (haJl and may be lawful to and for such person or persons to apply, during such vacance, by a fummary petition to the judge of ihe court of feflion who shall (it upon the bills, for such licence for importation as aforesaid, who is hereby authorized and required, upon such petition, to make intimation as aforesaid, and to aflign and appoint a time, not exceeding twenty days from the time of such application, for hearing and examining the proofs and evidence concerning the premifles, and to fignify to the other judges of the faid relpeftive courts the tenor and purport of such application, and the time appointed for such hearing and examination thereupon as aforesaid ; and the faid judges, or any nine of them in time of feflion, and any five of them in time of vacance re-fpe&ively, are hereby authorized and required to fummon and convene before them within the feflion court-houfe at Edinburgh on the day to be afligned and appointed, two or more honed $nd fubftantial perlons of the county of Edinburgh, not being

corn

 booQle

174**} Anno dcdawquarto-Georgii II. c.7/	4a3

corn merchants nor faftors for com, nor any way interefted or concerned in any corn to be: imported, and who shall each of them have and be in pofieffion of a land estate of four hundred pounds Scots per annkm of valued rent, and being (kilful in the price of corn, and then and there upon the oaths of such two or moreperlons (and which oath the faid judges, or any five of them, arc hereby impowered to adminifter) and by such other ways and means as to them shall feem proper and neceflary, to examine, enquire intp, and determine the common market prices of middling corn and grain, and oatmeal, of the refpec-tive forts and kinds above-mentioned, as the fame shall and may be commonly bought in the faid county and city of Edinburgh, and to fix and afcertain the fame by a proper act or determination, to be fubfcribed under the hand of one of the principal clerks of fefiion, an authentick copy of which judgment and determination shall be tranfmitted from the faid judges to the chief; officer or collector of the customs at the port of Leith for the time being, and shall be by such chief officer or colle&or kept or hung up in the cuftom-houfe at Leithj and there be patent to all and every person and persons who shall defire to infpedt the fame, and shall and may be feen and infpe&ed accordingly without fee or reward; and it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons intehdmg to import visual into any part of Scotland, or defirous to have such viftual imported, or for any juftice of peace within any county in Scotland, to enquire and demand an authentick extraft or exemplification of such aft or determination from one of the faid principal clerks of fefiion under his hand and feal, paying therefore the price of one (hilling, and no clerk's fee. more, and to deliver the fame extraft or exemplification to the collector or chief officer of any port or ports in Scotland, to be by him kept, hung up, and made patent as aforesaid; and that such extra-61 or exemplification to be delivered, kept, and hung up by such collector or chief officer in any part of Scotland, which shall certify, declare, and afcertain the current prices of viftual in the faid city and county of Edinburgh to exceed the rates and prices following; that js to fay, wheat three pounds Scots, or five (hil- pn-cc 0f v-lC_ lings fterling the Winchefter buihel, confiding of eight Winchefter tual. gallons; bear .and barley one pound seven (hillings Scots, or two (hillings and three pence fterling the IVinchefier bu(hcl; oats one pound Scots, or one (hilling and eight pence fterling; peas and beans one pound ten (hillings Scots, or two (hillings and fix pene£ fterling the IVinchefier bufttel; and oatmeal eight pounds Scots, or thirteen (hillings and four pence the bole, weighing eight (lone Troys, shall be a fufficicnt warrant to the colleftor and other officers of the several ports in Scotland, to allow visual from Ireland, or other parts beyond the feas, to be entered, un-(hipped, and landed, without paying or being charged with any higher duty than is herein after mentioned.

. II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- p f , faid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the fame persons, have £J>wcr°te who for the time being are by virtue of this aft authorized and fufpend pro.

;	jE ? 4	required	liibitory	laws,

424	Anno	decimo quarto GeoRGII II. c. 7.	£1741*

have also pow- required to cxcrcife and execute the faid power of fufpenfion at Y *h C afut’efaid, and they are hereby respectively authorized and re-fion. ° ***** quired, once in every thirty days from the time that such fuf-penfion shall have taken effeft (fo long as there shall be an occasion or neceffity for the feme) by the ways and means herein be-fore mentioned, direfted, and appointed, or any of them, to examine and enquire into and determine the common prices of middling corn and grain of the refpeftive forts and kinds above-mentioned ; and in cafe upon such enquiry it shall appear and be found, that the current price of visual in the faid city and county of Edinburgh shall not exceed the rates and prices above-mentioned, upon whieh the fufpenfion directed and intended by thi9 aft is to be founded, then, and in such cafe, they are hereby authorized and required, by a proper aft or inftniment to bis fubferibed as aforesaid, to determine and afeertain the fame, and tranfmit, or caufe to be tranfmitted, authentick extracts or exemplifications of such aft or inftrument to the chief officer or collector of the customs at the port of Leith for the time being, and to the colleftors or chief officers of all the other ports of Scotland; and which faid extrafts or exemplifications shall be by fiich officers respectively kept and hung up in the refpeftive cuftom-houfes or offices to which they respectively belohg, and there be patent to all persons who shall defire to infpeft the fame, find shall and may be feen and infpefted accordingly without fee pr reward$ and such extrafts or exemplifications shall be fuffi-cient notice to the colleftors and other officers of the several ports in Scotland, that the laws prohibiting the importation of viftual from Ireland, or other parts beyond the feas, are again revived and in force, and an authority for them to ftop the entering, unfhipping, and landing the fame.

Former duties HI* And be it declared and further enacted by the authority fo becontinu- aforesaid, That such and the fame customs and duties shall be paid for any corn or grain imported by virtue and in purfuance aV. y 1 ** of this aft/ as are charged and direfted to be paid upon foreign corn imported, in and by an act made and pafled in the two a* Car. II. an(j twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty King Charles ** ,3‘	the fecond, intituled.  An act for improvement of tillage, and the

breed of cattle $ and the faid cuftom and duty shall be regulated by, and be collcfted and paid, according to the rates and prices to be fettled, ascertained, and determined in purfuance of this aft, and not otherwise.

AftstiGar.il. IV. And it is hereby further enafted. That all the daufes c. 13. and and provisions contained, as well in the (aid aft of the two and »Geo.II.c.i8, twentieth of King Charles the Second, as in an act made in the myment^of ^ccon^ Ycar ^ls Patent Majesty, intituled. An all to afeertain duties, to re- the cuftom payable for corn and groin imported 5 for better afeertam-ipain in force, ing the price and quantity of corn and grain, for which a bounty is payable upon exportation j for appropriating the fupplies granted in this fejjion of parliament; and for giving time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contrails j or in either of them, relating to the payment and recovery of

fuch



1741.] Anno decimo quarto Georgii II* *.	425

fucb duties, tohich are now rn'force, and unrepealed, shall extend to, take place, and be m force in that part of the united kingdom called Scotland 5 and that all offences there committed against any parts of the faid ads above-mentioned, relating to . the faid duties, shall and may be profecuted in the court of iefiion, ot his Majesty's Exchequer at Edinburgh.

CAP. VIII.

An ail for incorporating the undertakers of the navigation of the river Dee.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the ftxth year qfPreamble re-his Majejlfs reign, intituled, An act to recover and pre- citing the aft serve the navigation of the river Dee, in the county palatine 0f *Gco-**c‘3° Chejler, reciting, That the fands, foil, and ground, commonly called The White Sands, in the faid ail mentioned, were of meat breadth in fome places, and that the faid river not being navigable, was chiefly owing to the breadth of the faidfands, and to theJbifting of the channel from one fide thereof to the other, as the winds and tides varied; and alfo, that the faid white fands were not, nor were likely to be, of any benefit to any perfon, unless the faid river was bounded in, and made navigable, by fea walls, banks, and fences, which would require a very great expense, as well to ereft as to maintain and repair, from time to time •, and that if the faid white fands were recovered from the fea, by making walls, banks, and fences, and the channel of the faid river Dee was confined to one certain courfe, it would not only effeftually make the faid river navigable, but vefling the faid white fands in the undertakers of the faid navigation would be a confiderdblt encouragement to the undertaking j and also reciting, That the making the faid river navigable would be a means to advance the trade of the' faid city of Chefter, and that great benefit would accrue thereby to the inhabitants thereof, and to the towns and countries adjacent to or near the faid river ; and it would also encreafe the number of feamsn and watermen, and promote the publick good of this kingdomNathaniel Kinderley in the faid aft named, his heirs and ajfigns, and fucb per-fons as be, bis heirs and ajfigns, Jbould nominate and appoint under bis or their hand and feat, Jbould be and were by the faid aft appointed undertakers of"the faid navigation, and impowered at their own cods and charges to make and keep the fa\d river Dee navigable from the fea to a certain point within the liberty of the faid city oj Chefter, called Wilcox Point, infuch manner that there Jbould be fixteen foot Water in every part of the find river at a moderate fpring tide, for Jbips and vejfels to come and go to and from the faid city	and thefaid

Nathaniel Kinderley, his heirs, ajfigns and nominees, had further powers granted them by the faid aft as therein mentioned ; and as a recompcnce for the expcnces which the faid undertakers Jbould be at in making the Jaid river navigable, they were by the faid aft of the fexth year of hisprefent Majesty impowered, fo Joon as tin faid river was made navigable as in the faid aft was exprejfed, to take and receive such duties and tonnage as in the faid aft are mentioned $ and certain fands, marjhes, and fait graft, in the faid aft mentioned, were thereupon

 CjOOQle

Anno tfechnoquarto Georgii IL	£1743*

jifon ikjfod ih the faidurtderiakm to and for their ptopef ufe, udder tbeprov'tfoes and conditions in the Jaid aft mentioned y arid they were by the Jaid eft dirtied to itiveji fen thousand pounds in South Seal anrndttes, or other government fecuritiis, tn the names of Thomas Revel, John Manley, and Benjamin Hoare, efquires, and John Bland banker, to remain as a fund to anfwer such damages as Jhould arise to the owners of land{, tenements, hereditaments, and fijberies in the faid aft mentioned, for the fpaee of three years from and after the faid navigationJhould be fully compleated, as in and by the jhid aft of parliament will more fully appear: and whereas the faid Nathaniel Kinderley did afterwards by an inftrument in writing, dated tbi ninth day of July one thousand seven hundred and thirty three, dm-ly executed by him under his hand and feal, declare, That bis rtatiie ttws made ufe of in the faid aft of parliament, in truft for Thomas Watts, ana Richard Manley, efquires, andfuch other persons as theft Jhculd appoint, to be concerned in the Jaid undertaking to make the faid river Dee navigable, -according to the terms of the faid aft; and the faid Nathaniel Kinderley did afterwards duly nominate certain persons, being forty in number, to be the undertakers of the faid naw. vigation: and by indenture quairuparttte made the ninth day of April, one thousand [even hundred and thirty four, by and between the faid Nathaniel Kinderley, of the ftrjl part; the faid Thomas Watts and Richard Manley, of thejecona part; Joicph Davis ^William Parfons ^London, gentlemen, of the third pari $ and ninety other fubfenter s to the faid indenture, or to the fchedule thereof, of the fourth part, and duly executed by all the faid parties (thirty Joe of which fubferibers to the Jaid indenture, or to the fchedule thereof were nominees of the faid Nathaniel Kinderley, by Inm fo nominated as aforesaid to be undertakers of the faid navigation, the four other persons nominated as undertakers not having paid any money to tbt faid undertaking, or fubferibed thereto) it was agreed. That the faid fubferibers Jhculd raife a joint flock of forty thousand pounds, in the manner, and on the trufts theretn after mentioned j which trufts there, aniongft other things, to lay out the ten thousand pounds, to be depo-fitedas a fund to anfwer the damages before fpenfied; and also to lay out such fums as Jhould be necejfary to recover and pr eferve the navigation of the river Dee, in such manner as in the faid aft is mentioned ; and the reftdue (if any) of the faid forty thousand pounds was to be in truft for the faid fubferibers, in proportion to the fums by them respectively paid in ; and it was by the faid indenture farther agreed, that the duties and tonnage, by the faia aft made payable to, and the funds, foil, ground, marjbes, andfait grafs thereby vejled in the faid Nathaniel Kinderley, his heirs, ajjjgns or nominees, Jhould be and remain to and for toe ufe and benefit of the faidfubferibers to the faid indenture, or to the fchedule thereto annexed, in proportion to the fums by them refpeftivcly paid, and to be paid, in purfuance of the faid indenture , and it was by the faid indenture agreed, that the faidjointfock of forty thousand pounds Jhould be divided into four hundred Jhares, each confifting of one hundred pounds, and that each of the fubferibers Jhould be intitled to fo many of the faid Jhares as he Jhould have fubferibed and paid in one hundred pounds $ and frural props-

fw

 v^ooQie

1741 •] Anno dpcime^quarK) Qforoh II.. C. 8.

Jions were by the feud indenture made for the management of the faii under taking for recovering and preferving the faid navigation, and of the affairs relating thereto, as by the Jaid indenture may more fully appear : and whereas the monies advanced and paid in and upon the Jaid indenture9 having been laid out in making the faid depofit of ten thousand pounds in South Sea annuities, a sin the faid aft isdirefted, ana for other the purposes in the faid indenture mentioned, great pro-grefs was thereby made in recovering the faid navigation ; but the fame not being perfefted, and it being necejfary to ratfe further monies for that purpofe, it was by deed poll, bearing date the feventeenth day of Augurt, one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix (and executed by much the greater part both in number and value of the faid fubferibers to the Jaid indenture) agreed to advance ten per centum mor$ an each of^ their refoe ft ive fubferiptions to the faid indenture, for the purposes in the faid indenture exprejfed concerning the faid forty thousand pounds ; and afterwards there being a necejfity to raife further monies for the perfefting the faid navigation, by another eked poll*> bearing date the third day of March, one thousand seven hundred and thirty fix, and executed liiewife by much the greater part in number and value of the faid fubferibers to the faid indenture, it was agreed by the faid fubferibers to the faid deed poll, to advance twenty pounds per centum more on their refpeftive fubferiptions to the fold indenture, for perfefting the faid navigation ; and whereas the fub* feribers to the tala indenture, and to the faid deeds poll, and undertakers of the faii navigation, having raised and paid in forty feven, thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds, the fame hath been laid out in making the faid depofit of the ten thousand pothds by the faid aft direfted, as a fund to anfwer the damages therein fpecified, and in cutting and making a new channel for the faid river Dee through the adjacent marjhes, near ten miles in length, and in making a dam and fhiices crofs the faid old channel of the faid river, and deepening and fco wring thereof', and turning the faid river into the faid new channel, and making other works necejfary for the recovering and preferving the navigation of the faid river, ana in charges neceffarify attending the faid undertaking: and whereas the joint fiockof the faid undertaking, which was to confifi of forty thousand pounds, having been lend out as aforesaid, and proving infujficient to anfwer the purposes of the faii proprietors, it was computed, that the fubferibers paying in firji ten per centum, and then twenty per centum more on their refpeftive original fubferiptions to the faid indenture, would raife twelve thousand pounds more $ which twelve thousand pounds would be fufficient to anfwer the faid purpofes: but by reason offeyeral of the faid fub* feribers to the faid indenture, not havingfufferibed the faid deeds poll for the payment of the abovementioned ten and twenty per centum on their original fubferiptions to the faid indenture, (here was but forty seven thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds raifed: and whereas the faid undertakers, at a general meeting held toe eleventh day of December, one thoufandfeven hundred and forty, did agree, for the more effeftual carrying on the faid undertaking in the moft beneficial manner under the faid aft, andfor preferving and fecuringtbe works already made, and inchfing and improving the funds and grounds vejf-

cd

Digitized

d by 

Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. c. 9,---to. [ 174 tZ

id by the faid aft in the /aid undertaken as therein is mentioned, that the (aid joint flock Jhould conftjl of and be fifty two thousand pounds, and that the jaid fubfcribers Jhould bo allowedfo much of the faid joint flock, as jhcdl be in proportion to the refpeftive fums paid in by each of them, and that what Jbbuld remain unpaid of the faid fifty two thou-fund pounds flock Jhould be vefted in the faid company, and that they would endeavour to obtain an aft of parliament for uniting and erecting the faid undertakers and proprietors of the faid navigation of the faid river Dec into a company, for the better enabling them to anjwer the purposes aforesaid, and for the better fettling and afcertaining-their refpeftive interefis in the flock of the faid undertaking, in proportion to the monies by them respectively advanced, and to be advanced, as aforesaid, and for the preferring a certain method and form of affigning their refpeftive interefis in a Jhort, eafy and effectual manner, for the common good of the faid undertaking ; and the faid Undertakers have according fy applied for such an aft to be pajfed: and whereas it is reafonable andjujl, that the faid undertakers Jhould obtain an aft of parliament for the purposes aforesaid; may it therefore pleafeyour most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

Company may purdiafe land*. General court to make calls, and bylaws. Aft 6 Geo. a. c. 30. to remain in force. Not lubjeft to commirn-oners of fewer*.

CAP. IX.

A» aft forpnniftiing mutiny and desertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. Exp.

CAP. X.

 An act to explain and amend an act made in the third year of the reign of King James the Firfi, intituled.  An act for the recoyering of fmall debts, and for the relieving of poor debtors in London.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the third year of the reign of King James the Firfi, intituled.  An act for the recovering of fmall debts, and for the relieving of poor debtors in London ; it is (amongfl other things) enafted. That every citizen and freeman of the city ^London, and every other person and per-fons inhabiting, or that shall inhabit, within the faid city or the liberties thereof, being a tradefman, victualler, or a labouring man, which then had or thereafter Jhould have any debt or debts owing unto him or them, not amounting to forty fbillings, by any citizen, or by any other person or persons, being a victualler, tradefman or labouring man, inhabiting, or that Jhould inhabit within the faid city, or liberties thereof, Jhould or might caufe such debtor or debtors to be warned or fummoned by the bedel or officer of the court of re* nuefis of the faid city of London for the time being, by writing, U be left at the dwelling-houfe of such debtor or debtors, or by other reafonable warning or notice to be given to such debtor or debtors, to appear before the commiffioners of the faid court of requefis holden in the Guildhall of the faid city \ and that the faid cortmffmers, or any

three



174 i.]	Anna dedmo quarto GcoRGlr ll.	cT. I&i*	429

thru of them, *r morcy/hould havepowbr'and authoHlybyVirtue of the Jaid afty from time to time, tojet down fucb order or orders be-/uvrw fitch party of parties plaintiffs and bis or their fucb debtor or debtors defendant sy tduching fucb deb ft not amounting to the value of forty /hillings in queftion before themi as they Jbould find tojlani With equity and good confidence; all such their order {or orders to be tegiftered in a boot as they had been accujlomtd, and ax well the party plaintiff \ as the debtor or defendant, to obferve,' perform and keep the fame in all points: and whereas fince the mating the faid aft dr* vtrs persons intending to fubvert the good and charitable intent of the Jdme, and taking hold of fome doubtful and ambiguous words thereiny deendeavour to avoid the jurifdiftion 'of thefaid court,* contrary to the meaning of the faid aft: ana whereas the commiffioners of the court of requefts have been often infulted in the execution of their office, whifjt employed fokly ih the charitable purpose of relieving and affifilng tbair poor and diftrejfed fellow citizens : and whereas by the faid recited afty no provifion is made for the fecurtng of the persons of the faid com-miffioners frmfuch infults; and whereas in the faidrecited aft there isbut one officer, by the name of bedel, or officer, mentioned to attend the execution of all the orders of the faid court; and by reason of the increafe of the number of the inhabitants of the find city and liberties fince the paffing the faid aft* the bufinefs of the faid office of bedel or officer is fo increafed, that it is become too heavy and laborious for one per (on fingly to execute and difeharge the fame agreeably to the intent and meaning of the faid aft, by which means the poor fuitors are deprived of a great part of the benefit intended for themby the fend aft : for remedy whereof, and to the intent that fome more full and ample provifion may be made fot the benefit of the poor fuitors, for whole relief and advantage the faid court was originally instituted j may it pleafe your Majesty, that it n'tay be ena&ed, and be it ena&ed by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present•parliament aflembied, and by the authority of the lame, That from and after the twenty fourth Debts not exday of Juney one thousand seven hundred ind forty one, it shall ceeding 40 s. and may be lawful to and for every citizen and freeman of the to be recover-city of London, and every other person and persons inhabiting, m tbecoort or that shall hereafter inhabit, within the faid city or the liber-	*1,1

ties thereof; and all and every person or persons who do or shall rent or keep any (hop, fhed, ftallorlland, or feck a livelihood in the faid city or liberties .thereof, which now have or hereafter lhall have any debt or debts owing unto him, her or them, not exceeding the sum of forty (hillings, by any person or persons whatsoever inhabiting or feeking a livelihood within the faid city or liberties thereof, during their refpedtive inhabiting within the faid city or liberties thereof, or feeking a livelihood asafore-fttid, tocaufe fbch debtor or debtors to be warned of fbrmnon-rd by any of the bedels, or officers of the faid court of requefts for the time being, by writing left at the dwelling- hbufe, lodgings, fhop, fhed, flail, or ftand, or any other place of feeking a livelihood of such debtor or debtors, or by any other reafona-

bJe



Penalty on per fans in fait ing the court.

How fine* -fcnay be recovered.

Anpcxfefjmp	QspRGH	c*w..	[*74*-

ble waaimgor notice tp-be to the faid debtor or debtors, to appear before the comm^ppefs of the (aid.court of requefts, holden in the GwldbtU of.tfiefiud city, that the faid com-thiffioriers, or any thfep of. th^* or more,(hall after huh fummons as aforefeid have power and authority by virtu? of this ad, from time to time to fet down, or caufe to be let down such order or orders, between such party or parties, plaintiff pr plaintiffs, and his, her or their debtor or debtors, defendant dr defendants, touching such debts not exceeding the (aid iuxa of forty (hillings in queftion before them, as they dull iind to (land with equity and good, conference, all fucb order or orders to be regiftred vin ^ book** they have b?en accqftomed to be* which order or orders fo madeas well the party plaintiff as tbe debtor or defendant shall pbferye, perform and hpepin all points; apy thing in any ad contained fo the contrary, thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

II.	And, for foemoreeffedual eftabli(hingof the laid court, and the better enforcing the orders which shall be made by the faid commifiionersy and that the faid commiffipncrs may be free and exempt from any infult or abufes; be it Further enacted

. by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons shall from and after the laid twenty fourth* day of Jutu, contemptu-oufly affront, infult or abufe all or any of the commilSoners of the faid court, during the time of their fitting, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners then fitting, or any three of them, to certify under their hands and feals the name or names of the person or persons fo offending as aforesaid, and the nature of his, her or their offence, to the lord mayor of the faid city of L,otijion for the time being, who is hereby impower-ed and required to fummon, pr caufe to be fummoned, such person or persons fo offending as aforesaid, before him, at such time as shall be fpeciiied in the faid fummons ; and upon his, her, or their appearance, and the fad alledged being proved upon the oath or paths of one or more credible wjtncfs or wit-neffes against him, her or them, or in default of his, her or their appearance, then aryl in every such cafe thefaidlord mayor shall proceed to punifh the person or persons fo offending as aforesaid, by fine or imprisonment, or both* provided that the fine on any one person do pot exceed the sum of twenty (hillings, and that the imprifonment be for no longer tipic than ten days.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That upon the non-payment of the faid fine or fines fo to be impofed or fet upon every person convided of offending as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for tbe faid lord mayor to iffue a warrant or warrants under his hand and feal, for levying the faid fine or fines * fo impofed on the goods and chattels of every offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof in cafe they shall not be redeemed in five days, rendering to every such person the overplus (if any there be) upon demand, after deduding the reafonable charges of such diftiefs and fale; which fine or fines,, when levied or received by virtue of this ad, (hail

be

i

 LnOOQle

r74-1*1 . . AniV>^«d|ivo q«RrtaG¥OR((J» H. c.il.	4$*

fat paid oifer into the hand* °f the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of the parife, wherein every such offender (hall, at the tiipe of fueh offence committed,, inhabit, dwell, or feek a livelihood, towards the support and .maintenance of the poor of the faid parifii....... *

■ IV.. And he it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Number of for the; more expeditious, convenient, and beneficial execution officers in-of the powers veiled in the eommiffioners of the faid court of cre*fed* re quells in regard.to the benefits accruingto the poor fuitora therein, that the number of bedels or. officers to attend the faid court and be employed in the execution of the orders of the faid cotnmifiioners,, may by the court of lord mayor and aldermen of thereby of Lyndon, from time to time, be enlarged to two bedels or officers, or more not exceeding four, as the ineneafeof the bufineftpf the laid court of requeils ihall render it moil convenient for the poor fuitors therein, according to the dhbretioa of'the faid court of lord mayor and aldermen.

• V. Provided always, That the hud former aft, and all pro- The former vifoes,- powers, claufes, matters, and things therein contained aft to remain [not hereby altered or otherwise provided for) ihall continue and in force, be in full force, and extend to all and every person or persons to whom this present a (ft doth or shall extend.

VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That Limitation of if any adion or fuit Ihall be brought or commenced againit any aftions. peripn or persons for any matter or thing done or to be done in porfuance of this ad, or the faid recited ad, then and in such cafe the adion or fuit ihall be brought or commenced within fix-months next after the fad committed, and hot afterwards, and shall be laid and brought1 in the city of London, and not elfe-where; and the defendant or defendants in such adion or fuit to be brought shall and may plead the general iffue, and give General iflbe. this, and tne faid recited ad, and the fpecial matter in evidence at anv trial to be had thereupon, and if the plaintiff or plain-jiffs (nail become nonfuited, or difcontjnue his, her, or their adion or adioos, fuit or fuits, or if upon verdid or demurrer judgment ihall be given againit the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (lull and may recover double coils. Double and have such remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes by law.

. VJI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That pubiick ad. this ad ihall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick ad, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, joftiees, and other peifons whatsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XI.

An	aft for /applying the city of Gloucefter with frifb

water.



Anno decltno quarto Gedtt&fl ft. c. fl-^15. [1741?

method op /applying the faid city with water b&t/ihg been fotmd ihef-fiflual: and whereas good and pure tOater is tapable 6J being conveyed to the faid city, front certain frejh/firings ijfuingout of or near to a hill cdUed Maxiotib Hill, otherwise Robin Hood’s (fill, in the manor and fiarijh of Matfon, fiart of the ejlate. of John Selwyff efqukai art&vd)ercas th$ faid John Selwyn is willing and confenttng that fucb water fhotild betnade ufe of for the fiurfiofe aforesaidi and the mayor, aldermen, and common council of the faid city, are defirous to contract and agree with any fierfon or per fans'willing to undertake fucb work) with proper reftrimons and covenants for the due and effectual tomfileating the fame", but as such undertaking cannot be carried on and complected? unless powers Heceffary for that purfiofe be given* by parliament; May it pleafe your molt excellent Majesty that it maybe enaded, &c.	*•’

Mayor of Gloucefter, &c. may contra# with any persons to convey wa-ttr to GJoacefter city j aftd to make' refervtirs, conduits. See. aiid enter and dig in private grounds to lay pipes, &c.:or to repair or alter the fame^ If any-dilutes arile, IherifFs may fumroon f jury to. fettle the fame, and giveiatisfa&ion for damages.^' Undertakers not t;o dig in private grounds, till they have fatisfied the owners. Undertakers to make good theground* after laying their pipes. Penalty on persons hindering the workmen breaking ground after fatisfh&ion, made. :	.	...	f

CAP. xii;

An d£Ffor enlarging the terms and powers granted by two a&s of jpar*

< Kament, For repairing the roads leading from Seven Oaks to Woodfgate and Tunbridge Wells, and from Woodfgate to Kipping'/CroG in the county qf Kent; and utfo for repairing the roads from Ripping'/ Croft . aforefasdt to Lamberburft Pound, and Pullen's Hill, in the faid county \

* ahd /^Tlimwell Vent in the county of Suffix.

'Tie'firmer p3s 8 Ann, and it Geo. I. c. 15. art farther continued far ai

, years.

\ '	cap. xiu. V ’,

An a&4a enlarge the terras,and powers granted by three fevera)a6h made in the ninth and twelfth yean Qf the reign qf her lafe Majesty Queen* Ankef and in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majejftx King George the Fir ft, For amending the highways leading from Rhyftbd in the county of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge in the county of Huntings . don, fo far as the fame relates to the roads lying in the middk and ibuth diviiions of the faid highways.

The former a8 is further continuedfor at years.

CAP. XIV.

An a£t to enlarge the termsr ahd powers granted by an a& made in tye first year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An a& for repairing the road leading from Chatteris Ferry (which divides the i/U of Ely from the county ^Huntingdon) to Hammond's Eau, and from thence to Somcr-fham Bridge stt Somertham town's end in the faid county.

The former a& is further continued for ai years.

CAP. XV.

An	aft for fimjhing and complea the parish church of

Gainsborough in the county of Lincoln..:

\\7HEREAS by an aft of parliamtnt made and puffed in the VY ninth year of the. reign of his prefenfMajeffy+intituled,' A*

ail

 ^ooQie

433

1741-] Anno decimo quarto GeorghJI. C015.

a £t for rebuilding the pari(h church of Gainsborough in the county of Lincoln, the right honourable Baptift Noel, earl of Gainfbo-rough, c. were confiituted and appointed trtijiees for putting the faid aft in execution \ and they, and the furvivors of them, or any seven or more of them, were thereby authorized and impowered to caufe the body of the old parijh church, then jlanding in the town of Gainiborough, and the ifles thereof \ to be taken down, and to be rebuilt according to such dimenfions, and with such materials, and in such manner, as by the faid trujlees Jhould be agreed upon; and also to caufe an affeffment to be made yearly on all the owners and occupiers of boufes, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, within the faid parifb (except as in the faid aft is mentioned) for raising money to defray the expenses of taking down and rebuilding the faid church, not exceeding two thou (and five hundred pounds, fo as such affeffment fhould not exceed two hundred and ten pounds in any one year; and the faid trujlees ( or any eleven or more of them, were thereby also impowered to affign over the rates and duties arifing by virtue of the faid aft, or any part or proportion thereof, for any term of years, not exceeding twenty five years, for borrowing any fum not exceeding the sum of two thousand five hundred pounds, and to lay out the fame for the purposes, and according to the dir eft ions mentioned and pre-fcribed in and by the faid aft: and whereas the faid fum of two thou-fand five hundred pounds hath been raised by the faid trujlees, purfu-ant to the faid aft; and the fame, together witn the further fum of four hundred and sixty five pounds, eighteen Jhillings, and nine pence, hath been laid out for and towards the taking down and rebuilding of the faid church; but the faid fums have not proved fufjtcient to complect and finifh the faid building, fo as to render the fame fit for the performance of divine  service therein : and whereas the faid truftees have caufed an eflimate to be made by able and skilful workmen, of what the further expence of compleating and finifbing the faid church will amount to, who have computed the fame at the sum of one thou-find seven hundred and forty four pounds, over and above the faid fum of four hundred and sixty five pounds eighteen (billings and nine pence now owing for work and materials for the rebuilding of the faid church: and whereas the partfbioners of the faid parifb of Gainiborough, at a publick vefiry held on the fifth day of January, one thou-fand frtjen hundred and forty, have agreed, that to enable them to finifh and compleat the faid church, the sum of one thousand pounds shall be raised by a duty upon coals confumed in the town of Gainfbo-rougb, and in lieu of a duty upon coals, by an ofieffment on the occupiers of houfes, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, lying within the hamlets of Morton, Walkcreth and Eaft Stockwith, in the parifb of Gainiborough; and that the refidueof the money which shall be wanting for finifbing the faid church, and mdking the fame fit for divine service, shall be raised by an affeffment on the owners of houfes, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the whole parifb of Gainf-borough (the hamlet or lordfhip of High Thonock only excepted) &c.

CAP.

Vol. XVII.

Ff



434	Anno	dedmo	quarto	Geqrgii	Ii.	c.	16,17. f 1741*

CAP. XVI.

 An act for enlarging; the term and powers granted by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majeRy Kang 6eorge the Flrft, intituled, An ail for repaving tkt roads in tbt parifkss of Kntfmgton, Chelfsa, and Fklhasn, and other parties therein mentioned, in the county tf Middlesex * and for repairing fome other roads in the parilh of Saint George, Hanover Square, and the faid pariihes of Kenhngton and Cheifea.

The tolls are further continued for ?j years•

CAP. XVII.

An ail to prevent inconveniencies arifing from delays of caufes after iffue joined.

Preamble. \KT HERE AS many great inconveniencies have arifen to the V V fubjefls of this kingdom by means of delaying the trials of caufes between party and party after ijfue joined; For remedy whereof may it pleafe your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and On the Plain- by the authority of the fame, That where any iffue is or shall tifTs negleft be joined in any aftion or fuit at law in any of his  Majesty’s to bring on an courts of record at IVefminfler, the court of great feflion for the thecourtmay principality of Wales, the court of great session for the county give judge- Y palatine or Chejler, the court of common pleas for the county meutasincafe palatine of Lancafer, or the court of pleas for the county pala-of nonfuit.	tine of Durham, and the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any such aftion

or fuit hath or have neglefted, or shall negleft, to bring such ,	iffue on to be tried according to the courfe and praftice of the

faid courts refpeftively, it shall and may be lawful for the judge or judges of the faid courts respectively at any time after such negleft, upon motion made in open court (due notice having been given thereof} to give the like judgement for the defendant or defendants in every such aftion or fuit, as in cafes of ponfuit, unless the faid judge or judges shall upon juft caufe and reafon-able terms allow any further time or times for the trial of such iffue; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall negleft to try such iffue within the time or times (b allowed; then and in evriy such cafe the faid judge or judges shall proceed to give such judgment as aforesaid.

II.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-laid, That all judgments given by virtue of this aft shall be of the like force and effeft as judgments upon nonfuit, and of no other force or effeft.

III.	Provided alfo. That the defendant or defendants, shall upon such judgment be awarded his, her, or their cofts, in any aftion or luk where he, (he, or they would upon nonfuit be intituled to tbe fame* and in no other aftion or fuit whatlo* ever.

Defendantliv- IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That ing 40,miles from and after the first day of May^ one thousand seven of£ (haH bave	hundred

Judgment given by this aft to have the like force as judgments on nonfuit. Defendant on such judgement, to have colts.

 LjOoq le

174**] Apno 4ecimp quartoGEoRGU JJ. c. i?,—20.'	435

hundred and forty one, no indi&tnent, information, or caufe *0 days np-'whatfoever, shall he tried at tiifi prim before any judge or juft ice *** of a Size, or Nift prim, or at the fittings in London or IVtJlminJier, where the defendant or defendants ^ elide above forty miles from tjic faid cities refpedtively, unless notice of trial in writing has been given at lead ten days before such intended trial*

V. And be it further eoafted by the authority aforesaid, That Notice of in cafe any party or parties shall have given foch notice of trial trial may be as aforesaid, ano shall not afterwards duly countermand the fame c°unte'rT,and-writing, at lead fix days before such intended trial, every such fore thVu-ial parry (ball be obliged to pay unto the party or parties to whom intended, fiich notice of trial shall have been given as aforesaid, the lilts cods and charges as it such notice of trial had not been coun* demanded.

cap. xvra.

 An act to indemnify perfbns who .have omitted to <raalifv themselves for offices and employments) within the time limited by law, and for ml*

. lowing further time for that purpofe. Perfom taking the oaths of tho aft 1 Geo. I. and receiving tne (acramcnt, by %l Nov. 174.1, indemnified, and recapacitated. Butpersons not hereby reftorep to place* already avoided or filled op. EXP.

CAP. XIXe

 An act for repairing the roads from a place called Red Houfe near Don* catter to Wakefield $ and through the faid town of Wakefield, by Dewsbury, Higbtown, and Liebtdiif, to the town of Halifax, in the wed riding of the county of York.

Certain tolls are granted from ao tfay, 1741, for % 1 years*

CAP. XX.

fin aft to amend the law concerning common recoveries> and to explain and amend an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, Intituled,

 An act for prevention of frauds and perjuries, fi far as the fatHe relates to efiates pur auter vie,

TITH E R E A S fiveral leafes have been heretofore, and are here* Preamble* VV after likely to be made, of honors eajHes, manors, lands> tenements, and hereditaments, for one or more life or lives, under particular rents thereby referred, and to be referved: and whereas procuring Jurreniers of such freehold leafes, or the tenants thereof to join, in order to make tenants to the writs of entry or other writs fir fujfering common recoveries, frequently occajions great trouble, difficulty, and expence to tenants in tail, and the fame cannot in many cafes be obtained^ by re of on of the uncertainty in whom the legal e/lSte office* hold under such leafes is vejled, and also by reason of the difibilities find incapacities of such leffees, or persons claiming under them, by means whereof pur chafes and family fettle ments are often delayed, and . may be in treat danger of being defeated, if feme proper remedy be not provided: For remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s xnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent qf the lords fpirituaj and temporal, and commons, in this present

F f 2	parliament

 

freehold

kales.

What (hail make common recoveries valid.

436	Anno	ctecimo	quarto Georgii lh c. 20.	£ 1741*

Common re- parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That coveries to be a|j Common recoveries fuffered or to be fuffered in his  Majesty’s fuirender of court °f Common Pleas at Westminster, or in any other court of record in the principality of IVales, or in any of the counties palatine, or in any other court having jurifdiftion of the fame, of any honors, caftles, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, without any furrender or furrenders of such leafe or leafes, or without the concurrence, or any conveyance or aflu-rance from fbch leflee or leflees, or other perfonor persons claiming under such leflee'or leflees, in order to make good tenants to the writs of entry, or other writs, whereupon such recoveries have been or shall be had or fuffered, shall be as valid and ef-fe<5hial in law, to all intents and pqrpofes whatsoever, as if such leflee or leflees, or any other person or persons claiming under him, her, or them, had conveyed, or joined in conveying, or shall convey, or join in conveying, a good estate of freehold to such person or persons as has or have been, or shall become, tenant or tenants to such writs of entry, or other writs, whereupon such common recoveries have been or shall be fuffered.

II.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to make any common recoveries valid and effectual in law, unless the person or persons intitled to the first estate for life, or other greater eftate* (in cafe there be no such estate for life in being) in reverfion or remainder next after the expiration of such leafes has or have by fome lawful aft or means conveyed or aflured, or joined in conveying or aflurtng," or shall by fome lawful aft or means convey or af-fure, or join in conveying or afluring, an estate for life at the leaft, to such person or persons as hafc or have been, or shall become, tenant or tenants to the writs of entry, or other writs, thereupon such common recoveries have been or shall be fuffered.

III.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft contained, shall be conftrued to extend to prejudice the estate of such leflee or leflees, or any person or persons claiming any interest under such leflee or leflees.

IV.	And whereas, by the default or negle5i of persons employed in fuffering common recoveries, it has happened^ and may happen^ that such recoveries are not entered on record, whereby purchafers for a

Evidence'to be va^ua^e confideration may be defeated of their juft rights; For Reallowed of medy thereof, be it further enaftea by the authority aforesaid, That where any person or persons hath or have purchafed, or shall purchafe, for a valuable confideration, any estate or estates in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whereof a recovery or recoveries is, are, or were neceflary to be fuffered, in order to compleat the title, such person or persons, and all claiming under him, her, or them, having been in pofleflioo of the pur-chafed estate or estates from the time of such purchafe, shall and may, after the end of twenty years from the time of such purchafe, produce in evidence the deed or deeds, making a tenant to the writ or writs of entry, or other writs for fuffering a common

Provifo.

common recoveries.





1741.] Anno ddcimo quarto Georgii II. c.20.	437	f

mon recovery or common recoveries, and declaring the ufes of a recovery or recoveries, and the deed or deeds fo produced (the 1 execution thereof being duly proved} shall in all courts of law' and equity be deemed and taken as a good and fufficient evidence for such purchafer and purchafers,.and thofe claiming un- i der him, her, or them, that such recovery or recoveries was or< were duly ftiffered and pfcrfe&ed according to the purport of / " ^ such deed or deeds, in cafe no record can be found of such re-^ covery or recoveries, or the fame (hould appear not to be regularly entered on record: Provided always,, that the person or Pnmib. persons making such deed or deeds as aforesaid, and declaring the ufes of a common recovery or recoveries, had a fufficient estate and power to make a tenant to such writ or writs as afore-' faid, and to fuffer such common recovery or recoveries.	:	t

V. And whereas it has frequently happened* that the deeds for•	.	*

making the tenant to the writs of entry or other writs for fuffering

common recoveries^ have been lojl, or that the fines or deeds, making the tenants to the faid writs, have not been levied or executed till after the judgment given in such recoveries, and the writ of Seifin awarded, by rtafon whereof great doubts have arifen, whether such recoveries, > for want of proper tenants to the writs* are good and effectual in law; to prevent such doubts for the future, and in order to Common rerender common recoveries more certain arid effectual, be it en- coveries not a&ed by the authority aforesaid. That every common recovery"ye£5|{hal"b!?* already fuffered, or hereafter to be fuffered, (hall, after the ex- deem'd valid. 1 piration of twenty years from the time of the fuffering thereof,’ be deemed good and valid to all intents and purposes, if it ap-.	*

pears upon the face of such recovery, that there was a tenant to* the writ; and if the persons joining in such recovery had a fuf-j ficient estate and power to fuffer the fame, notwithstanding the deed or deeds for making* the tenant to such writ (hould be loft or not appear.	>

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Recovery to from and after the commencement of this a<ft, every recovery be deemed already fuffered, or hereafter to be fuffered, shall be deemed good, though

food and valid to all intents and purposes, notwithstanding tbe ^x^uted after ne, or deed or deeds, making the tenant to such writ, (hould the rime, be levied or executed after the time of the judgment given ip such recovery, and the award of the writ of feifin as aforesaid; provided the fame appear to be levied or executed before the end of the term, great feflion, feflion or affixes, in which such recovery was fuffered, and the persons joining in such recovery had a fufficient estate and power to fuffer the. feme as aforesaid.	. .	-v

VII.	Provided always, That nothing ip this adl contained nc0m shall extend, or be conftrued tq extend, to make any such com- veries not to mon recovery heretofore fuffered valid and effedlual in law, beraadevalid. which has been avoided by any lawful adt or means, or which shall hereafter be avoided by entry duly made on or before the (ixteenth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and forty, pr by judgment or decree had or obtained upon forte adtton or

F f 3	fui*



458	Anno	ctecimo	quartoGeoROU II. c.2i,t*.	[174T.

fdit at law or in equity, commenced or to be commenced on or before the faid fifteenth day of January, and profecuted with due diligence j but every such comtnbn recovery (hill remain and be of such force and effelt only, as the fame would have been if this adt had never been made, and of no other force or effedt.

Provlfo.	VIII.	Provided*	Thkt	nothing	in this adt Contained shall be

confirmed to prqtadice or affedt any queftiort of law, which may arise upon common reebtreries not remedied or intended to be remedied by this adt; but 411 fuCh common recoveries shall remain and be of such force add effedt, as the fame Would have been if this adt had never been made* and of no other force of effedt.

t9 Ctr. II. IX. And whereas, by an ad made in the ttoettty ninth year if tht c. }»	reign bf king Charles /^ Second, intituled. Art adt for prevention

of frauds and perjuries, among/} other things, it is enadei, Thai ejiates pur auter vie, whereof no devsfe Jhoufd be made, Jfauld, in cafe there Jbould be no jjpethi occupant thereof go to the executors or a&miniftratars of the party that had the estate thereof by virtue of the grant, and fbeuld be affets in their hands; and whereas doubts have arifen, where no devije has been made of such ejiates, to whom the Jurphts offetch efeates, after the debts of fitch deceafei owners thereof art fully fatisfied, J,hall belong \ be it enacted by the authority Surplus of e-	That	fuch	eftates pur auter vie, in cafe there be no

outer ipecial occupant theitof, of Which no devife shall have been wie, how to made according to the faid adt for prevention of frauds and per-I^Vd”0t Jur*cs* or much thereof as shall not have been ft> deviled, deviled. mail go, be applied, anddiftributed, in the fame manner at the jperlbnal eftatc of the teftator or inteftate.

CAP* XXI.

An adt to indemnify oroteftant purchafers of estates of papifts, against the penalties Or forfeitures papifts are liable to, for not having in rolled their eftates, in purfuance of an act of the third year of the reign of his late majfcfty King George the Plrft, for that purpofe. Further time

JiVen to inrdl piircbafes made bdfore ap Sept. 174.1, to 15 Mar. 1741. adgments already given not to be made void. £ X P.

CAP. XXII.

An	all for granting and continuing the duties upon fait, and

upon red and white herrings, for the further term of /even years •, and far allowing rock fait to be ttfed in making of fait from ft* router at the fait works at Neath in the county of Glamorgan.

jCJaufeof loan for 1 00,0001. at 4. percent. Treafury to take an ac~ Count of the (kid monies railed by loan or exchequer bills, at Michaelmas, 174.1. Deficiency to be made good out of the next aids granted after Michaelmas, 174.x, or finking fund, and replaced our of tfie next fupplies. Surplus to be difpofed of by parliament. EXP.

XIX. AND whereas by an ad made in the firfl year of the ii reign of her late maje/fy Shteen Anne, it is enaded, yiat no rock fob wbatfoever Jbali h rejined or made into white fesh

m

 ^ooQle

1741.] Anno dccimo quarto Georgii II. 23,24.	439

in any plat$ ir placet wbatfoever within the kingdom cf England, dominion of Wales, or town Berwick upon Tweed, except in such placet as are or /ball be within ten miles dijlance of the refpeftive pit or pits, from whence such rock fait Jball be taken, or at such places as on or before the tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and two, Jball have been ufed for the refining rock fait, under a penalty therein expreffed; and whereas there hath been anciently an houfe or place, in which rock fait has been refined or made into white Jolt before the faid tenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and two, near the fea between Neath and Swanzey, in the county of Glamorgan, in South Wales* but the fame is now, and hath been for many years, covered with Jand, and become intirely ufelcfs, and the country thereabouts (being at a very great dijlance from any other fait works) have been thereby deprived of the benefit of being fupplied with fait as formerly: and whereas certain fait works have been ere tied At great charges at Neath aforesaid, about four or five mites dijlance from the place before mentioned, for the making of white fait from fea water, and upon several octafions rock Jalt would be very ufeful to jlrengtben the brine in the faid works, when weakened by frefl) water cr other accidents; but the proper ufo of the faid fait works not being for the refining rock fait, it hath been doubted whether rock fait might pe there ufed: For preventing such doubts for the future, be it mailed by the authority atorefaid. That rock fait may be fo Rock fait may ufed in the making fait from fea water in the faid fait works at ** “/cd Neath aforesaid) any thing in the faid ad or in anv other law or [Jeathf fo as* ftatutc to the contrary notwithstanding, fo as his  Majesty’s du- his Majesty's ties for all the fait proceeding as wellfrom the faid rock fait as duties be fe« from the (ea water be duly charged, anfwcred, and paid to his curcd*  Majesty’s ufc.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for repairing the road from Wakefield to Pontefrad, and from thence to a place called Weeland in the townOtip of Hcnfall, and from Poatefrad to Wentbridge, in the townfhip of Darrington, in the weft riding of the county otYork.

Certain tolls are granted from 10 May 1741, for it ytarst and to the end qf toe next ftjjum of parliament.

CAP. XXIV.

An a£l for the effeElual draining and preservation of Water-beach Level in the county of Cambridge, and to eftablifh an agreement made between the lord of the manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the commoners within the faid manor.

\X^HEREAS certain fen lands and low grounds,

” ” being in the ftveral parijhts	ofWaterbeach and Wicken,

the county 0/Cambridge, and in St ret ham and Thetford, in the Ifle of Ely, and county aforesaid, commonly coded Waterbeach Le-■vel, containing in the whole four thousand five hundred acres of or thereabouts ■, two thousand five hundred acres whereof, or thereabouts, are commonable lands, and the reft are ftverals j the greateft

F f 4	fart



(^.ooQle

440

Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. C.24J	[1741.'

part of which faid lands are within the manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the ref are within the parijbes fl/'Wicken, Stretham, and Thetford aforesaid, and are bounded as follows, videlicet, from the brewhoufe /V Waterbeach Midload fen, near the wefl bank of the river Grant, to that bank, and along the wef fide of that bank to Harrymere head, at the old river Owze, and from thence by the fouth fide of the fouth bank of the faid river Owze, Stretham ferry, and from thence by the eaf fide of Stretham ferry bank, to Chittering hill, including the low lands of Chittering fen, as now faked and meared out; and from Chittering hill to Denny farm

frounds, including all the low lands thereto adj dining, belonging to )enny farm aforesaid; and from thence, including all the ref of the low lands of Chittering fen aforesaid, as are also now faked and meared out, to Waterbeach Joyft fen; and from thence, including the faid Joyft fen, and all the low lands belonging to Denny farm aforesaid, adjoining to the faid Joyft fen, and also the law lands lying between Chittering hill and Joyft fin aforesaid, to Waterbeach. bannel, or Denny /keep walk, including all the low lands belonging to the faid bannel or Jheep walk, as the fame are now also flaked and meared out’, and from thence by the JVefl fide of Midload fen, including* all the' lands called Drainer’s Grounds, and all the faid Midload fin, to the brewhoufe aforesaid (excluding all the faid banks9 and the vdqre-dykes thereof) are fo Jubjeft to inundations through the defifts of their outfalls to fea, that the fame are but of very little benefit or advantage to the owners and occupiers of thofe grounds, or to the commoners having right of common on the commonable parts thereof, and cannot be prefetved without the aid of parliament, to enable the faid owners and commoners to drain and keep the fame drained for the future•, and as the faid fen lands and low grounds are in their own nature very rich and fertile, great benefit and advantage will pccrue thereby, not only to the faid owners and commoners, but to the publick if; general: and whereas the lord of the manor of Waterbeach cum Denny aforesaid, and the commoners having right of common, as well ivithin the faid level, as in other parts of the Jaid manor, have entered into articles of agreement in writing,-for the fettling and adjufing their fever al and refpeftive rights of common within the faid manor, and the number andflint of cattle to be kept thereon, and for the better regulation and government of the faid common for the future : 'and zvhich faid agreement is as follows; (that is to fay)

Articles of agreement had, made, concluded and agreed upon the tenth day of November, in the fourteenth year of the reign of our foverereign Lord George the Second, by the grace of God of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, and fo forth, and in the year of our Lord one thou-fand seven hundred and forty, between Peter Standby of Long Melford in the county of Suffolk} efquire, lord of the manor of Waterbeach cum Denny in the county of Cambridge, of the one part, and the owners of the fcveral and refpe<5Uve ancient commonable mefliiages in Waterbeach aforesaid, whofe names are hereunto fubferibed, of the other part,

I. TVbereas,



1741 -1 Anno decimo quarto GeoH&ii II. C. 44.

I.	Whereat the several and refpeftive perfims whofe names. are * hereunto fubfcribed, are owners and proprietors of the fiveral and an-» cient commonable meffuages in Waterbeach aforesaid, and have feve-rally a right of common in the several commonable, wife and fen grounds in Waterbeach, without number or flint; and for the better regulating and Jlinting'the fame, have come to the following agree-ment:

II.	It is hereby covenanted, concluded and agreed between the fali parties, that the faid Peter Standley Jhall and will give uj> and quit claim, all manner of right of taking in any number or Jort of joyft cattle into any of the commonable wafles and fen grounds in Waterbeach aforesaid \ the owners of the faid several commonable meffuages in Waterbeach paying yearly, and every year, between thefirfl and tenth days of July, yearly, to the faid Peter Standley, his heirs and affigns, at or in the capital manfion-houfe called Denny Abbey, in Water-* beach aforesaid, the sum of two /hillings per houfe or common; and that in cafe offailure in payment, it Jhall and may be lawful to and for the Jaid Peter Standley, his heirs or ajfgns, feward or agent, to drive and take any of tne cattle feeding and depaftured in any of the faid commons, of such person or persons as /hall negleft or refufe to pay the fame (being demanded) and the, fame to detain, keep and impound by way of diffrefs for five days; and that if the faid arrear be not in that time duly paid, then to fell and difpofe thereof; and-after payment and fatisfaftion of such arrears, together with the charge of maintaining the faid cattle, to return the overplus to the. Owner thereof: and if there be no cattle upon the common belonging to such particular tenant, fo neglecting or refufing payment, that then the ref of the commoners in Waterbeach aforesaid, having cattle. there, Jhall make good and pay such deficiency on or before the twentieth day of July yearly and in default thereof, it Jhall be lawful for the faid Peter Standley to take anddiftrain the cattle of any other of the faid commoners, having cattle, and the fame in like manner to detain and impound, add in default of payment within five days after such difrefs, the fame to fell and difpofe towards fatisfaction of such arrear, together with the charge of maintaining the fame, returning the overplus to the owner, and fo from time to time, as often as it /ball fo happen.

III.	That the fen called Joyft Fen Jhall be freed and cleared of all manner of cattle, from Candlemas-day to the twenty-fifth day of March, yearly, horfes excepted-, and that the fen called Midlot, or Midlood, /ball be freed and cleared of all manner of cattle from Candlemas-day, to the firfl day of May yearly.

IV.	That for each and every common, the owner or occupier.Jhall' and may feed fifteen milched cows or dry neat cattle, and eight jheep, or ten cows and five mares or geldings, and no more, and to abate a cow for every colt, after it is one year old; and that three weanling calves of the firfl year Jhall be deemed as one cow; and that two year-, ling neat cattle, to be likewise deemed as one cow; and that for every four commons there Jhall be kept by the owners or occupiers thereof, one bull yearly, from the firfl day of May to the tenth day of October and that for every teaftfefi and depajlured on the faid commons,

contrary

44*

 CjOOQie

44*

Anno dceitno quarto GeorgIIII; c. 24#	[1741;

contrary to the true intent end meaning of theft articles, there Jhall he forf eited andpaid to the Urd of the faid manor for the time being, the Jem of ton Joinings for every time fitch offence JbaU be committed, to be lowed and recovered by dijireft and fait as oforefmd.

V.	Arid that for the better enforcing the due obfervartee of the faid regulation andfint, there Jhall be yearly choferi on the Thursday next before Chriftmas-day, in the Jdid parifb church, four fenreevesp commoners and dwellers in the fitd pafifjh of Water be&ch, by the major part of the owners and occupiers of the faid commons, then and there for that purpose cfiembled, to continue in the faid office for one year then next enfving, and no longer, who Jhall fevetaHy, within one week after such elefiion, take upon themfilves the faid office for one year from the day of such elefiion, on pain ef feverddy forfeiting five poinds apiece to the lord of the faid manor for the time beingy and to be levied add recovered by dijlrefs and faky as aforefmd j and that in such elefiion, every occupier of a common Jhall have a vote for every • common beholds.

VI.	That the faid fenreevesJo to be defied and chofenyearly9 Jhall and mayf by and with the confent of the major part of the owners or occupiers rf the faid commons in Water beach cforefaid, upon any inundation of water and foods, by order or orders sn writing take off and ditmnijb such and fo many cattle of the number above-mentioned, as the neCtJfity of the cafe in their judgments may requiriy fo as fsub or* dir of orders are made to extend equally to all parties concerned 5 and provided such order or orders be publijbed in the parijb church ef Wa-terbeach aforesaid, the Sunday morning next following the making ihertqfy immediately after divine service\ and that the better to en* force a due ebfervation of such order or Orders fo to be made as afore* faidy there Jhall be forfeited and pend to thi lord oj the faid manor fir the tihse beingy ten fallings for every beefy andfor every time that they be taken offending contrary to such order or orders, Jo to be made as aforefnd \ and that it Jhall and may be lawfulfor the faid fenreeves 9 or any et either of themy to take and impound the cattle of Jsuh offender or offenderSy who Jhall prefume to put on and feed contrary to Jiub order or orders, and the /ante to detain and keep for five days; and then iffuch penalties and forfeitures be not paid, to fell and difpofe of such cattle towards Jatisfafiion of the fata penalty, rendering the 0-tntflusy firjl dedufitng the charge of keeping the fame.

VII.	That if upon any foods or inundation of watery the fenreeves for thi time being Jhall think it neceffary for the better Jecuring the banks, or feouring the ditches and drains belonging to the faid commonable fens and wetfle grounds, that the fame be done by a common daywork 5 and then ttpon publick notice to be by them given for that pvrfife, by fending a bell about the town, every owner or occupier of a common there, Jhall come in at the time appointed and do the fame% or fend a fufjkient able-bodied man for every boufe or common, with proper working tools, and in default and neglefi thereof \ to Jorfeit and pay to the faid fenreeves eighteen pence per day, for every day, for every boufe or common, not performed as a/orefaid, to be employed and befiowed in amending and repairing the banks, or feouring the drains ps afortfaid; and that for defraying such like and other neeffary aqd

W-



J741*] Anno decifflo quarto Georgii II. C.24I

incident charges of gotten bars, bridges, , ini other things, // JhaU and may be lawful for the /aid fenreeves, or any One of tom for tbeuima bring, by and Uriib the cdnjent of the major part of the commoners, inhabitants of W atcrbctch aforesaid, who /hall, upon notice U be gfueh to meet in the pari/h church ^Waterbeach aforesaid, for that pur* pofe be aJfembUd, to make a rati or rates upon the occupiers of thi five* ral commonable me [fudges or tenements at Water beach afoxgfai<L> which rate or rates /halt froth that time be allowed and confirmed by one or morejsflioe or jufiites of the peace for the /aid county, and to be then levied on [itch as /hall rteglcfl of refufe the payment thereof, by dijirtfs and fide as afotefaid, and fa from time to time as occa/ion/halt require. Provided, That if any think himfelf or thetnfilves aggrieved by fucb rate or rates, appeal may be made it the Puxt general quarter fe/Jtons of the peace to be heldfor the /aid county, where the fame Jhall be heard, ana finally determined; and that the /aid fenreeves, or such of them as /hall receive at# money» either bi rate or otberwifi, belong* tng to the/aid office, Jhall within one week after the yearfor which he Jhall be fo chofen and firve, male a true, fulland per fed account of all his receipts and aijburfimsnt in the fatd office, and pay the balance thereof (if any/ball remain) to the next fiaueiing fenreeves, fame or one of them, upon pain offorfeiting to the lord of the faid manor fat the time being, five pounds for every month such account /ball remain unfettled, or the balance thereof (if arty) unpaid, to be levied and recovered by iifirefs and fale as aforesaid; in which account it /ball be 4awful for the[aidfenreeves to retain in their refpeftive hands thefum of twenty /hillings for their care and pains in the premijfes.

VIII.	That the owner or occupier of the redory of Waterbeach for the time being may keep fourfeoro /beep in the town flock, which four feare, as well as thofe herein before limited and appointed to bo kept by the commoners, are only to go, aepaflure, and feed in fucb places, and at such times only, as the Jhetp have heretofore ufually done in Waterbeach aforesaid * and that the flock kept, or to be kept, by the fioid Pctef Standley, or his tenant or tenants of the farm now in the pojfejfion c/John Hemington, Jhall not exceed four hundred in num-1 her, and /ball not go or depaflure in Hill-field farther than Mill way

in Waterbeach aforesaid; and that the Denny Abbey flock Jhall not exceed eight hundred in number, and Jhall not go in Home Btn-riold or Wingfold, or any of the town fields \ and that there may be kept in the town flock two Jhetp for every five acres of arable land in Waterbeach aforesaid, by the owner or occupier thereof 5 and that lambs be deemed Jheep upon the eleventh day of November yearly.

IX.	That for the better di/HnguiJbing every one's cattle, the owner or owners thereof Jhall yearly, before they he put upon the common, brand them with a pitched brand with the first letter of his cbrifiian ana furname, and deliver a copy of such brand to the fenreeves, or one of them, on or before the first day of March yeaxly, on pain of forfeiting to the lord of the faid manot for the time being, for every beajl not branded as aforesaid, and for every time they fljall be found there not branded as aforesaid; twelve pence per head, and for ndgfeSl & tefufing to deliver a copy of the brand as aforesaid, five /billings peir

week.



Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. C. 25,—27.	f 1^41.*

week, fo long as the fame Jhall remain undelivered, to be levud and recovered by diftrefs and fale aforesaid.

X That for clearing and taking away all future doubts, it is hereby declared and agreed. That the chief capital numfton~houfe of the /aid Peter Standley, in Watferbcach aforesaid, called Denny Abbey, is and Jhallfrom henceforth always be deemed to be a commonable boufe in Waterbeach aforesaid.

XL That an aft of parliament, if it can or may, be obtained, for the better ejlablijhing and better enforcing the due execution of thefe presents infuch manner as counfel flyall advife, fo as not to enlarge the number or flint of cattle herein before limited. In witness whereof the parties frjl above-named to theje present articles, have hereunto Jet their bands and feals the day and year firjl above written.

Peter Standley, 6V.

may it pleafe your Majesty, that it may be enaded, 6V.

Commiffioners may tax the occupiers of fen lands 5 and may borrow money on the tax, and pay 51. per cent intereft. Infpe&ion of accounts to-be had annually by the commiiKoners. Commiffioners for Waterbeacb Level not to interfere with thofe of Bedford Level. No works to be made on the rivers Grant or Owze.

CAP. XXV.

An a$ for repairing the road leading from Ealand to the town of Leeds* in the weft riding of the county of York.

Certain tolls are granted from 1 June, 17419 for xi years, and to the end of the next Jeffion of parliament.

CAP. XXVI.

 An act for making a chapel lately built by John Coppin efquire, at Market Street, in the parish of Cadington, in the county of Hertford, a perpetual cure and benefice j and for other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XXVII.

 An act to enable the parijhioners of the parish of Saint Bo-, tolph without Aldgate, in the city of London, and count'y of Middlesex, to rebuild the church of the faid parish.

H E R E A S the church of the parish of Saint Botolph with-• v out Aldgate, in the city of Lqndon, and county of Middlesex, is a very ancient fabrick ; and notwithjlanding conftderable fums of money have been laid out by the inhabitants of the faid parish, in repairing and fupporting the fame, part thereof is in great danger of falling down, and other parts in a very ruinous condition: now to the intent the faid church may be rebuilt for the publick wor-fhip of God, and the inftrudtion of the inhabitants of the faid parilh in the true chriftian religion as now profeffed in the church of England; and that the faid fteeple may ^lfo be rebuilt, and that the fame may be effected in a manner that may be leaft burthenfome to the inhabitants of the faid parish, the churchwardens, ancients, and other inhabitants of the faid parish, do moft humbly befeech your most excellent Majesty, that it may be epadted, 6V.

Tniftcea.

445

174*0 Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. c. 28,-33.

Truftees to make afleflinents. No fettlement to be made by paying tbefe rates. Collectors to be appointed by the parish, on Thurfaav in every Eafler Week, to pay over the money to truftees. Collector to be excufed the office of Scavenger. Truftees may borrow money on the credit of this aft. Annuities of 81. xo s. per cent. Receipts, payments, &c. to be regiftered in books.

CAP. XXVIII.

 An act for repairing the roads from Doncafter through Ferrv-bridge, to the fbuth fide of Tadcafter Crofs; and a!fo from Ferry-bridge to Wea-therby, and from thence to Borough-bridge, in the county of York.

Certain tolls are granted from i May, 1741, for a 1 years% See.

CAP. XXIX.

Ah aft for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, in-, tituled,  An act for repatring and widening the road from Horfley Upright Gate, leading down Bowden Hill, in the county of Wilts, to the top gf Kings-down Hill m the parish of Box in thefaid county.

The aft is further continued for %\ years.

CAP. XXX.

 An act for appointing new commiffioners and truftees for putting in execution an aft pafled in the eighth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled,  An act for njefiing the efiate and effefts of John Coggs and John Dan, Goldfmtbs and copartners, in truftees, for the fpeedier payment of their creditors, andfor determining differences thereupon.

CAP. XXXI.

Art aft for repairing the road from Doncafter (through the parish of Peni-fton) Jn the county of York, to Salter’s Brook in the county of Cbefter s and aifo the road from Rotherham in the faid county of York, to Hart-diffe Hill in the faid parish of Penifton.

Certain tolls are granted from tsMay, 1741 %for si years.

CAP. XXXII.

 An act for repairing and enlarging the roads from the town of Selby, in the weft riding ot the county of York, to the town of Leeds; and from thence (in two several branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibfey) to the town of Halifax, in the fame riding.

Certain tolls are grantedfrom is May, 1741, for si years. 24 Geo. s. c. as.

25 Geo. s. c. 55.

CAP. XXXIII.

 An act to fupply	fomedefefts in the laws for repairing and rebuilding county	bridges, for repairing,	, ,

and providing boufes of correction. and for pqjfmg rogues and vagabonds.

WHEREAS	it does and may happenthat when county bridges	,.

are to be rebuilt or repaired, a piece or parcel of ground there- riSag the aft to adjoining may be of great ufe or serviceeither for enlarging such ,, Geo. a. bridges. or more commodioujly rebuilding them: and whereas there is c. 14. no power given by the laws in being for the rebuilding or repairing of county bridges to the jujlices of the	peace,to pur chafe any such pieces or

parcels



446	Annp	4ecimo	quarto	Gborgh II. c. 33.	[1741;

parcels of ground: and whereas byan off made in the thirteenth year efthe reign of his present Majcjly, intituled. An act for the amending and enforcing the laws relating ta rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and diforderly persons, and for reducing the feme into one adt of parliament; and also for amending the laws for eredting, providing, and regulating houfes of corrodtion ; it is (amongfl o~ ther things) enaded, That upon the preferment of the grand jury at the affixes, great feffion, or general gaol delivery, held for any county or liberty, that there is no houfe of correction, and that it will be necefe fory to provide one or more houfe or houfes of correction in such county or liberty, or that the houfe or houfes of correction in any such county or liberty is or are not fufficient, and want to be enlarged; the jujlices of the peace at their general or quarter sessions Jhall have power to build, ereCl, or enlarge one or more fit or convenient houfe or houfes of correction, or to pur chafe one or more convenient houfe or houfes for that pur-pofe, or to purchaje land to ereCt such houfe or houfes of correction upon* and to make a convenient backfme or backfides, outlet or outlets thereto : and whereas in feme counties and liberties, where it ismeceffary to have a houfe or houfes of correction, there is or may be no affizt, great feffion, or general gaol delivery, and in conference there can be no prffentment of such grandjury,fo that in such cafes the fetid ad is rendered ineffec-thfir^uartcr	t^eref°re f°r the better repairing and rebuilding county

reffionT™^ bridges, and for fupplying the defedts of the faid recited ad, fo purchafc lands far as the fame relates to the repairing, enlarging, building, to build	and providing houfes of corre&ion, be it enacted by the King’s

Wdaes.	moft ^ccWent wajefty, by and with the advice and confent of

®	% the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present

parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day or June, one thousand seven hundred and forty one, the juftices of the peace of any county, city, riding, liberty, or divifion, at their general fei-flons, or general quarter sessions aflembled, or the major part of them, shall have power, and are hereto authorized, to purchafc of, or agree or contradt with, any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate for any piece or parcel of land adjoining to or near to any county bridge within the limits of their refpedtive commiflions, for the more commodious enlarging or convenient rebuilding the fame; which pieces or parcels oFland shall not exceed one acre in the whole for any such bridge, and shall from time to time be paid for by the relpedtive county treafurers out of any monies rarfed or to be raised by virtue of an adt made io the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aCl for the more eafy affeffing, collecting, and levying of county rates; such treafurers being thereunto authorized, by orders under the hands and feals of the refpedtive juftices of the peace at their general feffions, or general quarter feffions, or the majctf part of them ; which lands fo purchafed, shall be conveyed to such person or persons as the faid juftices of the peace at their general feflions, or general quarter feffions, or the major part of them shall refpedtively appoint, in truft, and for the ufes and purposes of enlarging or rebuilding such bridges refpedtively.

II. And

 LjOOQie

AwwiedniD'quarto Geozou II. €.3$.	447,

II. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, and have That from and after the faid twenty fourth day qt June, one	r	n“

thoufand fevea hundred and forty one, the juftices pf tbp peapp lSSaS£u of any county, city, riding, liberty, or divifion, at their general feffions, or general quarter sessions aflembled, or the major part of them, where there shall be no afilzes, great feflion, or general gaol delivery held, upon the presentment of the grand

a to such juftices at their general feffions, or general quarter ns, shall have as full power and authority to repair or en» large any houfe or houfes of correction already built, or to pur-chafe any houfe or houfes for a houfe or houfes of correction, or to build or ereCt any houfe or houfes of correction, or to pur* chafe land to ereCt such houfe or houfes of correction upon, and to make a convenient backfide or backfides, outlet or outlets thereto, as if such presentment had been made at the afli^s* great feflion or general gaol delivery, in such manner as is di* reCted, and by the fame ways and means as are provided in and by the (aid recited aCt made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty; any thing in the faid a£t contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

III. And whereas it is emCted in and by the faid aft, made in tb$ thirteenth year of the reign of his prefint Majesty, That the juftice or juftices of the peace, who Jhall make any pafs for conveying any rogue, vagabond, or incorrigible rogue, Jhall at the fame time caufe to be do* levered to the confioble a certificate, afeertaining the manner of convey* ing such rogue, vagabond, or incorrigible rogue; and that when the place to uxtich the person or per fins apprehended are to be fent, lies remote, and there be one or more counties, ridings9 or dhifions inter-vening, the confiable or other officer* to whom such pafs and certificate jhall be given, Jhall forthwith caufe the person or perfins therein named to be conveyed to the next houfe of correction in the fame county, riding, or divifion, where he or they Jhall dwell: and whereas it has keen fometimes found inconvenient, and has created an extraordinary expence, to fend the person of perfins apprehended, who was or were to be immediately pajfed to fime aiftant county, riding, or divifion, by fuchjuftice orjuftices, to the houfe ofcorrection in the fame county, riding or divifion, where be or they dwell, such boufi of correction often tying out of the direct way to the place where such person or perfins was or were to be pajfed•, for remedy whereof be it further enaCted by	e

the authority aforefeid. That from and after the faid twenty fend vaga. fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty one, bonds to the it shall and may. be lawful for any juftice or juftices of the conve. peace, to fend any person or persons who shall be apprehended	°*

as a rogue, vagabond, or incorrigible rogue, to the houfe of c * * correction in the county, riding, or divifion, where he or they dwell, or to any other houfe of correction in the fame county, riding, or divifion, as shall be moft convenient for the pacing such person or persons; any thing in the faid aCt contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP.

 (^.ooQle

448

Preamble.

Aft 2 Geo. 2.

C. 22.

Anno decimo quarto GeorgiI II. c. 34.	[17+1.

CAP. XXXIV.

..	to	continue	an	all	for	the relief of debtors, t0/7£ re*

fpeH to the imprifonment of their persons, jnd two fubfe• quent ails for explaining and amending the fame; and also to continue an ah for the free importation of cochineal and indico.

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned are found to he ufeful and beneficial to the publick, and are fo near expiring, that it is fit they Jbould now be continued ; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament affembled, and by the authority of th$ fame, That an act made in the fecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An ail for the relief of debtors with refpeii to the imprifonment of their persons; which aft was to continue in force for five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer5 and also an aft Aft 3 Geo. 2. ma(ie \n the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, in-* *7-	tituled. An ail for explaining and amending an ail made in the lajl *

feffion of parliament, intituled,  An act for the relief of debtors with refpeft to the imprifonment of their persons; and also an aft and S Geo. n made in the eighth year of the reign 01 his present Majesty, in-c. 24. for relief tituled, An ail to explain and amend an ail pajfed in the fecond year of debtors.	tfje re\gn fa pnfent Majefiy,	intituled,	 An act for the relief

of debtors with refpeft to the imprifonment of their persons ; which faid afts were to continue in force until the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and forty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer; (hall, with the several articles and claufes therein con-continued for ta‘ne<*	l^e	claufe	in	the	faid	laft	mentioned	aft for fett-

7	years longer. mg mutual debts one against the other, which by the faid a# is Continued by made perpetual) be and are hereby further continued from the 21 Geo. 2.. expiration thereof, until the first day of June, one thousand c' 33,	feven hundred and forty feven, and from thence to the end of

Aft Geo 2 t*ie ^en next fe®on payment, and no longer, c.	fw iml	II* And be it further enacted by the authority	aforefaid,

portingcocki- That an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his present neaL	Majesty, intituled, An ail for the revival of an aH made in the

thirteenth year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Firfly intituled,  An act for the free importation of cochineal during the time therein limited, and also for the free importation of indico, which was to continue in force from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty four, for the term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer, shall be and is hereby fur-continued for ther continued from the expiration thereof, until the first day of 7 years longer. June, one thousand seven hundred and forty feven, and from a., thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CAP.

Continued by 27 Geo. 2. c. 18.

 v^,ooQle

I74t Of Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. C.	4491.

CAP. XXXV.

Jlft f&r continuing an aft paffed in the seventh year of the reign of bis present Majejfy, To explain and amend a, former aft palled in -the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the better regulating the manufafture of cloth in the weft riding of the county of York, and for making the faid afts more effectual.

WHEREAS by w ft R of parliament made and paffed in the

feventh year of the reign of his present Majesty King George citing the atfj the Second, intituled. An act to explain and amend an act palled 7 Geo. 1. in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George c* a5* the First, intituled,  An act for the better regulating the manufacture of cloth in the wejl riding of the countyof York ; it was enafted.

That if any owner, mafter, occupier, or millman, of any fulling-mills in the faid weft riding, Jbould, after the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty four,, negleft or refufe to fiamp on such feal of lead, as is therein mentioned, before such cloth Jbould be carried from the mill, in figures plainly to be fern and known, the true length ind breadth of such cloth, and also his name, or part thereof, upon the rivet of the faid feal, and be thereof lawfully conviftea, upon the oath of one or more credible wit-nefs or witnejfes, before one or more jujiice or jufticts of the peace for the faid Weft riding,, or of any corporation within the Jam? (fuch ju-Jtice or jufiices not being a merchant or trader in the woollen manufacture) such owner, mafter, occupier, or mill-man, Jbould forfeit for every futh offence, the sum of twenty JhiUings,, /f be recovered and di-ftributed as is therein direfted: and wfrereqs the faid aft of the seventh year of his present Majesty hath in general been of great ufe and benefit to all petfons concerned 'in the cloth trade in the faid weft riding \ but as fevtral of the directions and provifms in the faid aft have not proved effectual to anjwer the purposes thereby intended and as the fame aft being made temporary will expire at the end of this present fejjion of parliament; wjierefore, for continuing fp much of the faid aft as hath already been found beneficial* and for , explaining and amending the lame, ft? far as to make the law more effectual for the preservation of a trade fo advantageous and beneficial to the kingdom\ be it:enafted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and common* in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the juftices of the peace for the faid weft riding of the faid county of Juftices to York, not being dealers in woollen cloth, or being owners, choofe mea-farmers, or occupiers of any fulling-mill, at their next quarter ^chers^of feflions of the peace to be holden for the faid riding, next after doth. Midfummer, one thousand seven hundred and forty one, or at fome adjournment of the fame, and at their general quarter fef-fions of the peace to be holden next after Eafier yearly, lhall Vol. XVII.	G	g	and



450

ao4 appeie# their yearly falarie*.

On fearcher's death, or incapacity, the jiext jultice may choofe another,

to be approved by the juftices at the next Eafter feftons.

Doty of mea-furcrs.

Anno decimo quarto Gxorou IL c.35:	[1741.

and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to choofe and appoint fo many men ei good charadter and repute within the faid riding, being persons following, or having been brought up in the trade or occupation of a maker or drefler of woollen broad cloth in the faid riding, as they lhalt think convenient, to be meafurers and fearchcrs of cloth at the mills in the faid riding, over and above such persons as are or may be appointed fearqhers by virtue of the faid former alts, or either of them, and to appoint and ftation the meafurers and fearchers fo to be chofen, at such mills, and in such manner, as to the faid juftices their general or adjourned feflions shall feem meet and convenient; and shall and may aflign, allow, and appoint, to the faid meafurers fo to be appointed, such yearly falaries not exceeding the .yearly fum of twenty five pounds to each of them, as the faid juftices at the faid general or adjourned feflions, or the maior part of them, shall think proper.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enadtod, That if any person who shall be fo appointed to be a fearcher of such cloth, shall happen to die during the year which he is fo appointed to be a fearcher, or shall by fidenefs, or any other accident, be rendered incapable of executing the faid office ; that then and in such cafe it shall and may be lawful for any one such juftice of the peace as aforesaid, living near to the place where such fearchey <J*d or shall refide, to appoint fome other proper person qualified a$ aforesaid, to supply the place of such fearcher, until the next Rafter feflions, to be there by the major part of such juftices present confirmed, or another person appointed in his place; and the person fo confirmed or appointed, shall take the fame oath, and be inverted with the fame* powers, and liable to the fame penalties for any breach or negleft of duty, as the fearchers elected or to be elected at the Eajler feflton by virtue of tfiis act are or ought to be.

III.	And it is hereby further enabled, That the faid meafurers fo to be appointed shall and may, and they are authorized and directed, at the refpe<3ive fulling-mills where they shall re-fpetftiv^ty be ftationed or placed, jointly and together with the mill-men of the faid mills refpe&ivcly, meafure all the whole cloths and ends which shall be there milled refpedlively, at the rtfpe&ive times, and rn manner herein after mentioned ; that is to fay, such cloths or ends as shall be ftreamed or walhed in the coit or mill-ftream of the faid mills refpe&ively, shall be nieafured within fix, and not fooner than four hours, after the fame shall be fo ftreamed or walhed ; and such cloths or ends as shall not be fo ftreamed and walhed, (halt be nieafured within four hours after the fame shall come out of the (lock.

IV.	And it is hereby further ennfted, That no cloth-maker shall take away his cloth from any such fulling-mill, before the feme has lain four hours, after it has been ftreamed or walhed ; or before the fame has lain four hours after it has come out of the (lock (in cafe it shall not be fo walhed or ftreamed) unless the faim (nail be fooner meafured and damped m manner here-

2	in



1.74**] Anno dccjmo quarto Georgu II. C. *	451,

|n softer mentioned by the fearcher, jointly with the refpe^ive mill-men at whofc mills such cloth shall refpe&ively be nulled or fulled: and if any cloth-maker shall take away his doth from the null before the fame shall be fo .meafured and (lamped, e- pcnal yery per (on (b offending, and being thereof con vided upon the t^e oath of the mill-mart or meafurer at the mill where such cloth maker offend* was fo fulled, before one or more juflice or juftiecsof the peace ing agaiaft farthe faid riding, or any corporation within the fame (fuchjo* ^1S a<^*

(lice or jufticcs not being traders or dealers in the woollen ma-ppfadhire, or owners, farmers, or occupiers of any fuUim^miU)

♦very person fo offcndingJhall for every inch offence forfeit and pay the sum of twenty (hillings, to be levied and recovered in bach manner, as. the penalties infiidled and directed to be levied by the faid ad of the seventh year of his present Majesty are di* feded and appointed to be levied and recovered, and to be applied and difpofed of in manner following ; that is to fay, one moiety thereof to the infonner,<and the other moiety to the trea-hirer of the weft riding of the county of Tori.

V. And it is hereby further enaded. That every mUl-manp^^.^ who shall have the care of any falling-mill at the time of palling fearcher to this ad, oh or before the first day o&My, one thousand seven take an oath hundred and forty one, and every mill-man hereafter to be ap- brf°r* * ju-pointed to and employed as a mill-man at any such fuHing-miii, ttice* in the (aid riding, within ten days after he mall be fa first appointed and employed, and every meafurer and fearcher, at tne time he shall be appointed to the laid office, shall refpedhrely* and they are hereby required to take an oath before fome juftice pf the peace for the laid riding, or any corporation within the fame, that they will well and truly perform such meafaring and feiftpitlg, according to the intent and meaning of this ad;

Which oath such juftice of the peace is hereby authorized and required to adminifter, and to give such mill-man and fearcher an<1 have a ♦efpe&ivety a certificate of such oath’s having been admimftred and takeni

. VX And it is hereby further efta&ed. That the fuller or mill- Funer and m who (hail full or mill such cloth, and the meafurer or fearcher to fearcher who shall meafure the fame, shall affix or caufe to be fix leaden reals affined on every inch, doth, before it shall be carried from the a* ea5h *nd °* mill* two feals of lead, to be fumiffied by the clothier; one of c ot 1 which feals (fadl be fixed at one end of such cloth by the fuller or mill-man, and the other of the faid feals to be fixed by such feafchar of meafurer at the other end of such cloth; and such fpareher or meafurer, and fuller or milhman refpedively, shall rivet the feals by them refpe&ively to be*affixed on every such cloth, and each of them damp his name, or part thereof, upon the faid feal or rivet; and likewise (halt, in figures plainly to be Xeen and diftinguifhed, ftamp the length and breadth of every such cloth ; and immediately after the faid cloth shall be met- and eater a fared, fealed, and damped, asaforefaid, the fearcher (lamping defenption of the fame shall enter in a book to be provided by the treafurer,m* nod kept at the fulling-mill for that purpofe, the name and place and t’hemak-

G g 2	of

The (lamps

on the Teals to fliew the length of the cloth.

Penalty for the doth being under breadth.

452	Anno	dccimo	quarto	Georgii	II.	c. 35.	[1741.

et’s name and of abode of the maker of every such cloth, and the colour dr j>lace of a- fort ^ t^e flmc cj0th, and the length and breadth, on such **	feals by such fuller or mill-man and fearcher fo marked and im-

prefted; for which feals fo to be fixed, there shall be paid by the owner of such cloth to such mill-man the refpeChve Turns 1	following; videlicet, for the feals of every whole or long cloth,

Frice of fixing the sum of four pence; and for the feals of every end or half the/eals.	cloth, the sum of two pence ; three fourth parts whereof (hall

be accounted for and paid by such mill-man to the treafurer of the: faid weft riding for the time being, to be applied for such purposes as are herein after directed, and the other fourth part thereof to such fuller or mill-man, to and for his own ufc and benefit; and that no <other duty shall be paid for mcafuring of damping of cloth by virtue of this or the faid former aCts, or either of them.

VII.	And it is hereby further enaCtcd, That the length and number of yards fo damped on such feals as aforesaid (half be the rule of payment for such doth by the buyer of the fame.

VIII.	Provided, always, and it is hereby ena&ed and declar-' ed. That in cafe any long or whole cloth, or end or half cloth, after it is fully milled, and shall have lain four hours as afore-faid, (hail be under the breadth of one yard thirteen inches and half, for above one fifth part of the length thereof, then, and in such cafe, upon information thereof made before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace (fuch juftice or juftices not being traders or dealers in the woollen manufa&urc, of owners, farm* ers or occupiers of any fulling-mill) and upon proof thereof upon oath by one or more credible witness or witneftes, the maker or owner of such cloth (ball forfeit and pay for every such defeCt in breadth in such whole doth or end, the several penalties herein after mentioned 5 that is to fay, for the firfrinch such doth shall be under the breadth of one yard thirteen inches and half, the sum of two (hillings and fix pence; for the fecond inch, the sum offtve (hillings; and for every other inch such cloth shall be under the breadth aforesaid, the sum of fifteen (hillings; the faid penalties, after deducting thereout the cofts and charges that the faid informer shall fuftain and be put unto in such pro-fecution and conviction, shall be paid and applied as follows; videlicet; one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the treafurer of the faid weft riding, and shall be recovered and levied in such manner, as the other penalties are to be recovered and levied by virtue of this aCt.

IX; Provided always. That no clothier, or maker of woollen broad cloth, (hall, after the faid first day of May, forfeit of incur, before-men- or	liable to, any penalty for making cloth under the breadth

tioned. " herein before described and directed, other than the penalties inflicted and directed to be levied by this present aCt in the cafe herein before-mentioned ; any former law or ftatute to the con-? trary notwithstanding.

X.	Provided, That if it shall happen, that after any cloth Smac^aml ^ave *>cen	fealed,	and (tamped as aforesaid, any

.s	part

No other penalties tO DC

 L^ooQle

I74-1*] Anno dccimo quarto Georgii II. c.35*	453

!>art thereof shall by any accident be damaged and taken off, uch part thereof as mall not be damaged shall be again meafured, ^rcd^dTcal* fealed, and damped by a fearcher to be fent for for that purpof$, C(j who shall affix a new feal to the laid cloth in manner herein before directed, which feal shall then be a rule of payment for such cloth.

XI.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority pcnJ|| on forefaid. That if the owner of any such cloth (hall, when the frauds com-, cloth shall be brought home from the fulling-mill, and upon his mitted by the meafuring the fame, find such cloth to be of lefs length, or of fuller and lefs breadth for above one fifth part of the length thereof, than rcarchcr' the fame is by such (lamps or feals denoted or exprefled to contain, and (hall, before the fame has been expofed to Tale, make oath thereof before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace as aforesaid; and shall also at the fame time make oath, that thp faid admeafurement was made by him, before the faid cloth had been above four hours in his cuftody at home, and of the true length and breadth he found the fame to be upon such his admeafurement ; then, and in such cafe, the fuller or mill-man, and fearcher, who meafured and (lamped the cloth fo complained of being convidled by such oath of the clothier as aforesaid,

.fhall, for every such offence, jointly forfeit and pay the refpec-tive penalties and fums following; that is to fay, for the first inch in breadth, or half a yard in length, that such cloth shall fall (hort of the meafure (lamped and marked on the fame, the sum of five (hillingsand for every other inch in breadth, or half-vard in length, fo over-damped, the sum of ten (hillings ; the (aid penalties, after deducing thereout the cods and charges of such profecution and convidtjon, to be paid and applied as follows; videlicet, one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the treafurer of the faid weft riding, for the purpofe? , herein after mentioned.

XII.	And it is hereby enabled and declared, That it shall and Treafurer to may be lawful to and for the faid treafurer, to dedu6l and retain deduct the the fums of money to be forfeited by the meafurers and fe^rch-	°“t

ers refpe&ively, out of the yearly falaries of such meafurers and fearchers refpe&ively, as such falaries refpe&ively shall become ers, &c. due and payable.

XIII.	And it is hereby further enabled and declared. That Juftices and the several juftices of the peace before whom any convidlion shall fwchers to be made by virtue of this a61, as also the several meafurers and fortie^trea-1* fearchers fo to be appointed, (hall, and they are hereby required, furcr 4 times four times in every year at the lead, to return and tranfmit to a year of all the treafurer of the faid weft riding for the time being, a true and conviction*, perfedl account in writing of all the convi6lions to be made pursuant to this a6l, or either of the former a6ls, that shall happen within their knowledge, and of all the penalties and forfeitures inflidled or levied by means or on account thereof, which by virtue of this a6l, or either of the faid former acts, are made payable to the faid treafurer for the time being, to the intent hp jpay take order for the receipt and payment of thp faid penalties

and

 booQle

Provifo.

Dire&ions in cafe of a pro-fee ution.

Extent of thii

tft. ,

Information* to be made within 5 days

Application of the duties and penalties,

Anno dedmo quarto Georgii II. c. $5.	(1741.

and forfeitures, according to the tenor, and true meaning, and for the purpofesof this aft.

XIV. Provided always. That no mill-man or fearcher (hall, after the first day of May, forfeit or incur, or be liable to, any penalty, for faUIy or fraudulently meafuring, fealing, or ftamp-ing any doth, other than the penalties by this present aft in the cafe herein before mentioned; any former law or ftatute to the Contrary notwithstanding.

XVt And it is hereby further enafted. That from and after the fakF first day of May, in cafe any doth-maker, fearcher, mill-man, or any other perfon, shall bh profecuted for any of the offences mentioned in this or either of the faid former afts, after the cloth, relating to which such profecution shall be commenced, shall be fold to the merchant or cloth-buyer, every such merchant or cloth-buyer (hall, and he is hereby required and obliged, on demand of the person fo profecuted, to produce such doth, unless it shall appear on the oath of such merchant or buyer, or the person who packed the fame, to be made before one or more jufticc or juftices of the faid riding, or any corpo-ffction within the fame (which oath such juftice or juftices is and are hereby required to adminifter^r^fr) that such cloth was then drefled, prefled, and packed up, in order to be fent away from such merchant or buyer, to the intent that the fame, and the matter of such complaint, may be infpefted, inquired into, and examined ; and in cafe the merchant, buyer, or owner of such cloth shall refufe to produce the fame as aforesaid, such merchant, buyer, or owner shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied as aforesaid.

XVI.	And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid. That this aft, and all the penalties and claufes therein contain-isd, shall extend to all woollen broad cloth which shall be made, milled, drefled, or expofe^ to fale in the weft riding of the county of Tori, except white cloth, after thfc fame shall be put into hot water in order to be died.

XVII.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a-forefaid, That all informations on which any conviftion shall be made of any offence by virtue of this aft, shall be made within five days next after the difeovery of the fame offence, and not otherwise.

XVIII.	And whereas there is now in the hands of the treafurer of the zvefe riding of the county of York, a confederate sum of money, which hath arifen hy and out of the duties granted by the faid former (ifls, for the /tamptng and meafuring of broad cloth; now it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the treafurer of the faid weft riding for the time being, shall out of the money remaining in his hands, and which shall hereafter be received by him on account of the faid duties, and of the duties and penalties herein before direfted to be paid to such treafurer as aforesaid, in the first place pay the charges and expences attending the pafling this aft, and shall afterwards pay and apply





*74*•] Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. C. 36.	455

the faid duties and penalties, as the fame shall come in and be received, to such ufes and purposes as the fame are dire&ed to be paid and applied by virtue of this or the faid two former alts, or either of them.

XIX.	And it is hereby further enalted by the authority aforesaid, jufticet to fet-That after all the money to be expended in and about the ob- tie the dutie*. taining this alt shall be totally paid off and difcharged, it fhall

and may be lawful to and for the juftices of the peace for the faid weft riding, at their general quarter feflions held next after Softer, to make orders for the increafmg or diminirtung the rates and duties to be paid for meafuring, (tamping, and fealing of cloth. To as the fame shall never exceed four pence for a whole ' cloth, and two pence for an end or half cloth.

XX.	And it is hereby further enalted, that this prefcnt alt, This aft made and all the claufes, provifoes, matters, and things contained in PerPctual-the faid alt of the eleventh year of his late Majesty King George 7Geo.°a!c?»<! the First, and the faid alt of the seventh year of his present

Majesty, or either of them, which were to continue in force . to the end of this present session of parliament, other than and except such of them as are hereby revoked, repealed, altered, or otherwise explained, shall be and are hereby made perpetual: PuW|ck aft. and alfp, that this alHhall be taken and deemed to be a publick alt, and all judges, juftices, and other persons, are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXXVI.

An ail for opening a trade to and from Perlia through Ruffia.

WHEREAS by letters patent, dated at Westminster Preamble, re-twenty fixth day of February, in thefirfi and fecondyears of citing the pa-the reign of King Philip and §>ueen Mary, their majejiies did give p^ifip and * and grant to certain persons therein mentioned, by the name of Mer- Mary, chants adventurers of England, for the difeovery of lands, territories, ifles, dominions", and feigniorics unknown, and not before their late adventure or enterprize, by feas or navigation commonly frequented, the foie privilege of trading to the dominions and territories of the emperor of Ruflia : and whereas the liberties, powers, and privileges granted by the faid letters patent, were after- an<j tj,e wards by an ait of parliament made in the eighth year of the reign of 8 Bliz. mt Queen Elizabeth, confirmed to the faid merchants% and their fuccef printed.

Jors, by the name of The fellowship of Englifh merchants, for difeovery of new trades (now commonly called The Ruffia company^ by which the find fellowjbip are to have the foie privilege of trading to and from the dominions and territories of the emperor of Kuflia, lying northwards, north-eafiwardsy and north-wefiwards, from the city of London; as also to the countries of Armenia Major or Minor,

Media, Hyrcania, Perfia, or the Cafpian Sea : and whereas by an all made in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of King Wil- and to fcix Mam the Third to inlarge the trade to Ruflta, any fubjelt of this wiu* 3 c- 6* # realm hath a right to be made free of the faid fellowjbip, paying for such (sis admiffion five pounds, and no more; and whereas by an alt of

Lrg4	par-





.456	Anno	decimo	quarto	Georgu II. C. 36.	[174.1*

and 1* Car. %. parliament bajfed in the twelfth year of the reign of bis late maje/ly c* **•	King Charles the Second* intituled* An a& for encouraging and

encreafing (hipping and navigation, it is (amongjl other things) enabled. That no goods of foreign growth* production* and manufacture* which by the faid aft are to be brought into England, Ireland, Wales, the ijlands of Guemfey or Jerfey, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in Englifh or other flipping* navigated in fucb manner as therein is mentioned* flail be flipped or brought from any other place or places* country or countries* but only from thofe of the faid growth, production* or manufacture* or from thofe ports where the faid goods and commodities could only, or were, or ufudly had been* firjl flipped for tranfportation* and from none other places or countries* under the penalties of the forfeiture of all such goods* as also the flip in which they are imported* with all her guns* furniture* ammunition* tackle, and apparel, to be divided and recovered as in the faid aft is directed* with provifo that the faid aft flail not extend or be meant to refrain and prohibit the importing of any of the commodities of the Streights or Levant Seas, in Englirn built flipping* and navigated as therein is directed* from the ufual ports or places for lading them within the faid Streights or Levant Seas, or the importing any Eaft India commodities, loadcn in the like flipping, and fo navigated* from the ufual place or places for lading of them* in any part of thofe feas to the Jouthward and eajlward of Capo bona Speranza, although the faid commodities be not of the very growth of the faid ports or places reflectively : and whereas at the time of pajfing the faid aft lajl mentioned* it was not ufual to bring to this kingdom raw ftlk* and other goods and commodities of the growth* produce or manufacture a/* Perfia, through the dominions and territories of the emperor of Ruflia: and whereas it may be of great advantage to this kingdom* to open a trade to andfrom Perfia through Ruflia, by promoting the confumption of the woollen and other manufactures* goods* and commodities thereof* if raw ftlk* and other the goods and commodities of the growth, produce* and manufacture of Perfia be permitted to be imported into this kingdom from Ruflia, in return for such woollen and other manufactures as flail be exported from hence into Ruflia, and from thence carried into Perfia, and not otherwise\ be it enacted by the King's mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual apa temporal, and commons, in this present The Ruflia parliament aflembled, and bv the authority-of the fame. That impor^Per^^ “om anc* a^ter twenty fourth day of June* one thousand Jiancom-	feven hundred and forty one, it shall and may be lawful to ancf

modifies,	for any person or persons free or to be free of the faid fcllowfhip

of Englifl merchants for difeovery pf hew trades, commonly called The Ruflia company, exdufive of all others, to bring ana import into this kingdom, in Britifl built (hipping navigated according to law, from any port or place of or belonging to the Czar or Emperor of Ruflia* raw filk, or any other goods or commodities of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Perfia (provided such manufacture be made of the growth or produce feting pUr. of Perfia) being purchafed by barter with woollen or other ma-chaied by uufaCtures, goods, or commodities, exported from Great Bry

tain,

 CjOOQle

1741.] Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. c. 36.	457

tain to Rujfidy and from thence carried into Perfia (gold and fil- barter with ver in coin or bullion excepted) or with the produce arifing mano* from the fales of such manufadures, goods, or commodities, fo1 urcs* exported to Rujfia and carried into Perfia as aforesaid, and not otherwise, upon paying or fccuring the customs and other duties or w5th th# now payable for the fame by any law now in force, according to produce of such rules, methods, and directions, and in the fame manner luch manu-and form, and with such allowances, abatements, difeounts,	®x~

and drawbacks, and pnder fiich penalties, forfeitures, and dif-abilities, as are by law preferibed and pradifed on the importation of the like goods of the growth, produce, or manufadure of Perfidy imported into this kingdom from any port or place in the Levant Seasy by any person or persons free of the Levant or Turkey company ; any thing in the faid recited ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles die Second to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That onoathofthe no filk, or other produce, commodities, or manufadures of importer* Perfidy fhal) be imported into Great Britain through Rujfia by virtue of this ad, unlels the importer or importers thereof do take an oath, or being of the people called §)uakerSy a folemn affirmation, before the colledor, cuftomer, or comptroller of his Mai jefty’s customs (who are hereby impowered to adminifter the fame) at the port or place of importation, that to the beft of his or their knowledge and belief, the filk, and other the produce, commodities, and manufadures of Perfidy contained in his or (their entty or entries, was or were really and truly purchafed by barter with woollen or other manufadures, goods, or commodities, exported from Great Britain to Rujfidy and%from thence parried into Perfia (not being gold or filver in coin or bullion) or with the produce arifing from the fales of such woollen or o-ther manufadures, goods, or commodities, fo exported as a-forefaid, and not otherwise; and in default of taking fuch'oath or affirmation, all such filk, or other the produce, commodities, or manufadures of Perfidy fo imported mom Rujfidy shall be liable to be feized and forfeited, in like manner as if the fame had been imported contrary, to the faid ad made in the twelfth year 9f the reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled.

 An act for encouraging and increafing of/hipping and navigation.

III. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the aijthority aforesaid. That nothing in this ad contained shall ex-tend, or be conftrued to extend, to the permitting the ufing or tobe worn in wearing in this kingdom any wrought filks, or other the goods England ; or commodities of the manufadure of Perfidy mentioned in the ad pafled in the eleventh year of the reign of his late raajefty!King TVilliam the Third, intituled,  An act for the more ejfeftual employr 11 Will. 3* ing the poor, by encouraging the manufaftures of this kingdom9 which c* ,0# may be imported by virtue hereof through Rujfia; but the fame ad, and every daufe therein contained, fo far as the fame re- ^utlhall be lates to the importing the faid goods into the port of London on- exported a-ly, and to the catry*thercof, and payment of the duties, and gain on fe-

putting CJrity.

On fezure, the proof of their being Perfian goods, or not, mall be on the importer.

General ifiue.

Treble cods.

This aft not to affeffc the Eaft India com-pany.

Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. C.36.	[1741.

putting the fame into proper warehouses, and exporting them on fecurity, and to the feizmg add profccuting thofe goods and dividing the produce of such Seizures, and keeping proper accounts thereof, aild fubjcfting the pcrfons concerned to penalties and difabilities for breach of the fakt aft, shall be praftifed, and be of full force and effeft for the purposes aforesaid, as if the faid aft, and the fcyeral daufes therein contained, were particularly and at large repeated and fist down in the body of this aft.

IV.	Ana be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if arty queftion, difpute, or doubts shall arife, whether any of the goods or commodities to be imported by virtue of this aft be of the growth, produce, oMnarturafturc of Ptrfia* of not, or were imported -contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, and the fame shall for that rtafon be feized as forfeited \ the proof thereof shall be incumbent on the importer or claimer, and not upon the officer or informer? and the com* miffioners of the cuftoms, if they fee fufficient caufe, shall and may dircft the officer of the customs who made the fcizure, to proceed in the profecution thereof, or not; and judgment there* upon shall be given for recovery of the forfeiture.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if any aftion or fuit shall be commenced against any pcrfon or persons for any thing done in pUrfuance of this aft, the defendant or defendants in such aftion or fuit may plead the general iflue, and give this aft, and the fpeciai matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pur* fuance and by authority of this aft 5 and if it shall appear lo to have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall benonfuited, or difeontinue his aftion, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgment shall be given upon any verdift or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as defendants have in other cafes by law.

VI.	Provided alfo. That anything in this aft contained shall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, or hinder or deprive the corporation of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, from having and enjoying all and every such powers, privileges, franchife$, benefits, matters, or things? as do or shall belong to them, or which they could or might enjoy in any manner of wife, if this aft had not been made; any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithftartding.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That this aft shall be adjudged and deemed to be a publick aft, and shall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other pcrlbns, without fpecially pleading the fame.





i74*-J Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. c.yj.	45^

CAP. XXXVII.

An all for refir airing and preventing several unwarrantable fcbemes and undertakings in bis Majejlfs colonies and plantations in America.

WHEREAS in and by an act made in thefixth year of the Preamble, re-reign of his late Majefly King George the Firfl, intituled, citinSth€

An »5t for the better fecuring certain powers and privileges in- 6Gco# tended to be granted by his Majesty by two charters, for affur-ance of (hips and merchandizes at fea, and for lending money upon bottomry, and for reflraining several extravagant and unwarrantable practices therein mentioned, for fupprefling the fiiifchievous and dangerous undertakings and attempts therein mentioned and defcribed, and preventing the like for the future it was enalled, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufandfeven hundred and twenty, all and every the undertakings and attempts therein before deferibed, and all other publitk undertakings and attempts tending to the common grievance, prejudice and in-convenienee of his Majejlfs fubjelfs, or great numbers of them, in their trade, commerce, or other lawful affairs, and all public tJut-feriptions, receipts, payments, ajjignments, transfers, pretended affign-ments and transfers, and all other matters and things whatsoever, for furthering, countenancing, or proceeding in any such undertaking or attempt, and more particularly the ailing or prefuming to all as a corporate body or bodies, the railing, or pretending to raife transfer-rable flock or flocks, the transferring or pretending to transfer or af-jign any Jhare or Jhares in such flock or flocks without legal authority, either by all of parliament or by any charter from the crown, to warrantfuch ailing as a body corporate, or to raife such transferableflock or flocks, or to transfer fhares therein; and all ailing or pretending to aH under any charter, formerly granted from the crown for particular or fpecicl purposes therein expreffei, by persons who did or Jhould ufe, or endeavour to ufe, the fame charters for raising a capitalflock, or for making transfers or ajjignments,' or pretended transfers or afftgnments of such flock, not intended or defigned by such charter to be raised or transferred; and all ailing or pretending to all under any obfoleie charter, become void or voidable by nonufer or abufer, or for want of making lawful eleUions which were neceffary to continue the corporation thereby intended, Jhould, as to all or any such alls, matters and things as Jhould be ailed, done, attempted, endeavoured or proceeded upon after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty, for ever be deemed to be illegal and void, and Jhould not be prafiifed, or in any wife put in execution: and it was further enalled, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day d/'June, orte thousand ftven hundred and twenty, all such unlawful undertakings and attempts fo tending to the common grievance, prejudice and inconvenience of his Majejlfs fubjclis, or a great number of them, in their trade, commerce or other lawful affairs, and the making or taking of any fubferiptiens for that purpofe, the receiving or paying of any money upon juch fubferiptiens, the making or accepting of any alignment or

'	transfer.



Anno decimo quarto CjEORGH II. c. 37.	[174^.

transfer* or pretended a/fignment or transfer* of any /bare or /hares upon any fucb fubfcription; and all and every other -matter and thing whatsoever* for furthering* countenancing or proceeding in any fucb unlawful undertaking or attempt* and more particularly the prefuming or pretending to aft as a corporate body* or to raife a trdnsjerrable Jlock or Jlocks* or to make transfers or alignments of any /bare or /bares therein* without fucb legal authority as aforesaid; and all afting* or pretending to aft* under any charter formerly granted from the crown for any particular or fpecial purposes therein expreffed, by persons making or endeavouring to make ufeoffuch charter for any such other pur-pofe not thereby intended* and all afting* or pretending to aft* under any such obfolete charter as was before defcribed* and every of them* as to all or any such afts* matters or things as /hould be Jo aftea* done* atr tempted* endeavour cd* or proceeded upon after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty* /hould be deemed to be a publick nufance and nufances* and the fame* and all cpufes, matters and things relating thereto, and every of them^ /hould for ever thereafter be examined, heard* tried and determined* as common nufances were to be examined* heard* tried and determined by or according tQ the laws of this realm $ and all offenders therein* being thereof lawfully convifted upon information or indictment in any of his Ma-Jeffs courts of record at Westminster, or in Edinburgh, or in Dublin, /hould be liable to such fines* penalties and puniAments* whereunto persons convifted for common and publick nufances were by any of the laws Handfiatutes of this realm, fuljeft and liable* and moreover /hould incur and fujlain any further pains* penalties and forfeit tures* as were ordained and provided by thf Jlatute of provifion and premunire, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second: and it was further enafted* That if any merchant or trader at any time after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty* /hould Juffer any particular damage in his* her or their trade* commerce or other lawful affairs* by occafion or means of any undertaking or attempt* matter or th 'vig* by the Jaid aft declared to be unlawful* and would fue to be relieved therein; then and in every such caje such merchant or trades' /hould and might have his and their remedy for the fame by an aftion or aftions to be grounded upon that Jlaiute* againjt the persons* focieties or partnerships* or any of them* who contrary to that aft /hould be engaged or interefled in any such unlawful undertaking or attempt* and every fucB aftion and aftions Jbould be heard ana determined in any of his Majesty's courts of record aforesaid* wherein no effoin* protection* wager of law* or more than one imparlance* /hould be granted or allowed; and in every such aftion the plaintiff'/hould or might recover treble damages with full cofis of fuit: and whereas persons have prefumed to publiftj in America a Jcheme for fupplytng a pretended want of a medium in trade* by fetting up a batik on landfecurity* the Jlock ofJuch bank to be raised by publick Jubfcriptions for large fums of money * whereof fmall fomf were from time to time to be paid in by the particularfubfer tiers, and to be managed by directors* tnafurer and other officers* and dividends to be made as therein mentioned; and the faid company offub-feribers were to promife to receive the bills which they/hould iffhe for

6	atf

 t^oex e

4$i

1741.] Anno dedmo quarto GeorGII II. c. 37.

and as fo much lawful money as Jhould be therein refpeClively mentioned tn all payments, trade and bufinefs; and after the expiration of twenty years, to pay the poffeffor■ the value thereof in manufactures; and fundry otherfchemes,focielies, partnerfhips or companies, have been and may befet on foot in America, for the purpose of raifeng publick flocks or banks, and unlawfully ijfuing large quantities of notes or bills there, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the /aid recited aCl: and whereas doubts have arif in, whether the faid recited aft doth extend to, or can be executed in,'his Majeffs dominions, colonies and planta-tions in America, in regard that the information 'or indictment againfl the* offenders therein mentioned, and likewise the actions to be ground-ed upon that aCt, and thereby given to the merchant or trader who fbould fuffer am particular damage, were appointed to be heard and determined in fame of his Majeffs courts of record at Westminster,

&r in Edinburgh, or in Dublin, fo that the faid aCt without further explanation and amendment may not be fuff dent to fupprefs and prevent in America the mifchievous and dangerous undertakings and attempts therein mentioned, and thereby defgned to be prevented and Jup-preffed: for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your most excellent Majeftv, that it may be declared and enafted, and be it declared and enafted, by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament Aft 6 Geo. 1. aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid re- wilarged and cited a (ft, and all and lingular the paragraphs, daufes, fentences lengthened* and expreflions therein contained, for fupprefling, retraining or punching the extravagant or unwarrantable practices therein mentioned, did, do and lhall extend to all and every the publick, The faid a# extravagant and unwarrantable practices herein before mention- extend to ed or deferibed, and did, do and lhall extend to, and are and Amcnca# shall be in force, and carried into execution, in all and every his  Majesty’s dominions, colonies and plantations in America; and that all and every the undertakings, attempts, matters and things in the faid recited aft mentioned or deferibed, and prohibited to be afted, done, attempted, endeavoured or proceeded	,

upon, within the city of London, and other parts of this kingdom, as also in Ireland, and other his  Majesty’s dominions; and all other the undertakings, attempts, matters and things herein before mentioned or deferibed, are and lhall be deemed to be illegal and void in his  Majesty’s dominions, colonies and plantations in America alfo, and lhall not there be praftifed, or in any wife put in execution ; and that all offenders against the faid recited or this prbfent aft, being thereof lawfully convifted upon information or indiftment in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record in any of his  Majesty’s dominions, colonies or planta- p.negjm(j tions in America, lhall be liable to such and the like fines, pe- naltiet qo of£ nalties and punilhments, whereunto persons convifted in Great fenders. Britain for common and publick nufances arc by any of the laws or ftatutes of this realm fubjeft or liable; and moreover lhall incur and fuftain any further pains, penalties and forfeitures,-as, were ordained and provided by the faid ftatute of provilion and

Pre~



46z	Anno decimo quarto GeoKgii II. C. 3^.	[1741.

premunire, made in the fixteenth year of the reign of the (aid Sufferers here King Richard the Second 5 and that if any merchant, trader, to be relieved, or other person hath fuffered or shall fuffer any particular damage in his, her or their trade, commerce, exchange, or other lawful affairs, by occafion or means of any undertaking or attempt, matter or thing carried on, attempted or done in Amcrua? and by this a<ff, or the faid recited adt, declared to be illegal, and will fue to be relieved therein; then and in every such cafe such merchant, trader or other perfon, shall and may have his, her and their remedy for the fame, by any adlion or fuit grounded upon this aA% against the refpe&ive persons, focieties or part-nerfhips, or against any one or more of the persons, who contrary to this ad have or hath been or shall be engaged or in-terefted in any such unlawful undertaking or attempt; and every such a&ion and fuit (for what hath been or shall be Co undertaken, carried on, attempted, or done in America) shall be beard and determined in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record withm Treble da- any °f his  Majesty’s dominions, colonies, or plantations in A~ mages and full merica , and in every such a&ion and fuit the plaintiff (in cafe coits.	he	or (he recover) may and shall recover treble damages, with

full cofts of fuit.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all and every person and persons whatsoever, who shall be pof-fefled of or intitled to any promiflbry note or notes, bill or hills, which have been or shall be iilued by any such focieties, part-nerrtiips or companies of persons in Jmerica9 shall and are hereby impowered to commence or bring at any time hereafter, bis, her or their adion or fuit, in any court, ot record in any of his  Majesty’s dominions, colonies or plantations in America? against the refpedive persons, focieties, partnerfhips and companies who have or shall ifTue such notes or bills, or against any one or more of the persons who have been within the (pace of fix years laft part, or shall be hereafter engaged or interefted in any luch unlawful undertaking or attempt, or who (ball have figned such noth or notes, bill or bills, in order to recover prefect payment in lawful money of the full fum mentioned or expreff-£d in such note or bill, to which payment every such person is hereby declared to be perfonallv liable i and in such adkms or fuits, the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover and have judgment for immediate payment by the defendant or defendants in lawful money, of the full fum mentioned in such note or bill, together with lawful interest for the fame from the day of the date oi such note or bill, with full cofts o( fuit, although the time limited for payment according to the tenor of such note or bill thali not then be come or paft.

III.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to inflidl any of the fines, pains, penalties, forfeitures, punUhments, or treble damages a-forefaid, upon any person or persons whatsoever, who have or hath attempted, promoted, undertaken, affifted or carried on in America any of the matters or things declared to be illegal and

void

Notes of A-me'rican (o-ciettes profe-cutcd in any court of record, shall be paid immediately,

with lawful' interest and full cofts.

Profifet



t Alinb dteidmo quarto Geqrgii II. c. 3?,	463

Void by this of the ftSd recited aft, if such person or perfoas does or do within ten days after demand made, pay and difeharge such fum or Anns of money refpeftively, as shall be fecured or made payable by fiich note or notes, bill or bills; and defift from, give up, relinquifo, and wholly forbear to ad further m any fort, direftly or indireftly, in any such matter or thing, on or before the twenty ninth day of September.* one thousand seven hundred and forty one; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVIII.

 An act for the encouragement and increafe of feamen^ and for the better and fpeedter manning bis Majesty's fleet.

WHEREAS the welfare and profperity of bis Majesty's domi- prcamblc niom are greatly concerned \n giving all due encouragement to mariners and feamen to enter voluntarily into the /hips of the royal navy for the  service and defence of their country \ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituai and temporal, and com* mons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fifth day of Aldrch> one thousand seven hundred and forty one, every able Teaman who fhall, on or before the first day or Mayy one thou-firnd seven hundred and forty one, voluntarily enter himfelf to serve on board any of his Maiefty’s (hips of war, shall receive n^incrMfo!. and be intitled to a bounty of five pounds, over and above his wages ; and every ordinary feaman who shall on or before the first day of May* one thousand seven hundred and forty one, voluntarily enter himfelf to serve on board any of his  Majesty’s (hips of war* shall receive and be intitled to a bounty of three pounds, over and above his wages.

II. And it is hereby further enafted, That if any feaman Widows of tinder the degree of a warrant or a commiflion officer, entering feamen killed voluntarily into the  service of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccef- in the fenr“*» fors, shall be killed or drowned in the faid service, and (hall	u

leave a widow, to, whom he was lawfully married $ every such bounty, widow fending or producing to the commiflioners of the navy a certificate under the hands of the minifter, churchwardens, and overfeers of the poor of the parifo wherein (he refides, that foe 19 the real widow of the faid feaman fo killed or drowned, shall receive such sum of money by way of bounty, as foall amount to, and be equivalent with, one year’s pay or wages of such fea-rnan, computing the fame according to the rate of the monthly wages or pay he ferved for, or was intitled to, at the time of his death; and the commiflioners of the navy for the time being, are hereby authorized and required, upon producing such certificate at the navy office, to order and direft the payment of such bounty-money accordingly.

III. And whereas by an aft of parliament made and paffed in the Aft 1 Geo. ?. first year of the reign of bis present Majesty^ intituled,  An act for c. i+. recited.

en-

 LnOOQie

464	Anno	drtimo quarto Georgii II. c. 38,	[1741.

encouraging Teamen to enter into his Majesty's service, it was

enabled, That no person wbatfoever, who Jhould lift and enter bimfelf to serve his Majesty as a feaman on board any of bis Majesty's /hips or - vefjeIs, Jhould be liable to be taken out of his Majesty s  service by any procefs oft execution whatftoever (other than for Jome criminal matter) unlejs for a real debt, or other juft caufe oft afiion, and unlefts before taking out such procefs or execution (not being for a criminal matter) the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein, or Jome other person or persons on bis or their behalf Jhall make affidavit before one or more judge or judges of the court of record, or other court out of which such procefs or execution Jhall iffue, or before fome person authorized to take affidavits in such courts, that to his or their knowledge, the fum juftly due and outing to the faid plaintiff or plaintiffs from the defendant or defendants in the a fit on, or cauje oft afiion, on which such procefs Jhould iffue, or the debt or damages and cofts for which such execution Jbould be iffuei out, amounted to the value of twenty pounds at the leaft, a memorandum of which oath Jhould be marled on the back of such procefs or writ, for which memorandum or oath no fee Jhould be taken: and that if any person Jhould be arrefted contrary to the intent of the faid afi, it Jbould be lawful for one or more judge or judges of such court, upon complaint thereof made by the party himfelf, or by any his fuperior officer or officers, to examine into the fame by the oath of the parties, or otherwise, and by warrant under his or their hands and feeds to dtf-(barge such fteamen fo arrefted contrary to the intent of the faid afi, without paying any fee or fees, upon due proof made before him or ,	them,	that such feaman fo arrefted was actually belonging to one oft

his Majesty s fhips or veffels, and arrefted contrary to the intent of the faid afi; mid also to award to the party fo complaining such cofts as such judge or judges Jhould think reafonable 5 for the recovery whereof he Jkall have the like remedy that the person who took out the faid execution might have had for his cofts, or the plaintiff in the faid afiion might have had for the recovery of bis cofts, in cafe judgment had been given for him with cofts against the defendant in the faid afiion: and it was thereby further enabled, That it Jbould and might be lawful for any plaintiff and plaintiffs, upon notice first given in writing 0/ the caufe of afiion to such jeaman or fteamen in bis Afaje-x	Jlys	ftrvice,	or left at his or their {aft place of reftdence before bis

entering into his Majesty's service, to file a common appearance in any afiion to be brought for or upon account of any debt wbatfoever, fo as to intitle such plaintiff or plaintiffs to proceed therein to judgment and outlawry; and to have an execution thereupon, other than against the body or bodies of him or them fo afiually belonging to one of his Majesty's Jhips, as aforesaid; now it is hereby further enacted, ThUaato That fo much of the faid adt of the first year of his present extend to Ire- Majesty as relates to the preventing and prohibiting any feaman land.	from being taken out of the  service of his Majesty, Iris heirs or

successors, or to any other of the matters and things herein before recited, (hall, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and forty one, be exercifed, executed, take effedt, and be of force within the kingdom of Inland.	,

IV. And

174*0 Anno decimo quartoGeorgii II. c. 3T.	465

IV.	And whereas mariners and feafaring men, taking advantage 0/*Seamen in tbeprefent war with Spain, have infijied on very extravagant wages, merchants^ by which the trade of the nation, and the manning of the royal navy, p^idmorethan is put under great difficulties; for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed 3Ss.permonth by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the twenty fifth except fucb day of Marche in the year of our Lord one flioufand seven hun- contra&s as dred and forty one, until the tirft day of March following, person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, shall by them- JIf l74.0, felves, or by any other person or peifons, direcStly or indirectly, EXP.* by way of gift, loan, premium, depofit, or by any other‘means, device, or contrivance whatsoever, give or pay, or agree to give or pay, to any common feaman, mariner, or feafaring man, or any person employed or to be employed as fuch, on board any merchant Ihip or veffel; nor shall any such feaman, mariner, or feafaring man, or other perfon, as aforesaid* direCtly or indirectly, by any the means aforesaid, take or receive more wages, pay# or hire, than after the rate of thirty five (hillings per month, and in the fame proportion for any greater or leficr time than a month, for his  service during the whole or any part of the vovage he shall be bound for or go upon, excepting what shall be paid or received by virtue of; and according to, such contracts in writing, which have been, or shall be, made on or before the eleventh day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred and forty, really and bona fidey according to the method, and in the manner, preferibed in and by an aCt of parliament of the fecond year of his present  Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft ACt 1 Geo. II. for the beter regulation and government of feamen in the merchantsc*

Jhips; and all contracts, agreements, bonds, notes, yrritings, in-ftruments, and fecurities, of what nature or kind foever, for the paying or receiving more or greater wages, pay or hire, than as aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aCt, if made or entered into after the twenty fifth day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred and forty one, and before the firit day of March following, are hereby declared to be, and shall be ab-folutely void to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and if made or entered into after the eleventh day of Marchy in the year one thousand seven hundred and forty, and on or before * the twenty fifth day of the fame month, shall be void only as to fo much of the wages, pay, or hire thereby agreed for, as shall exceed the rate and proportion of thirty five (hillings per month, according to the true intent and meaning of this aCt; and if any penalty on person or persons, or bodies politick or corporate, shall give or givinggreater pay, or agree to give or pay, to any feaman, or other perfon, wages, any more or greater wages or hire, than as aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aCl, such person or persons, or bodies politick or corporate, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit treble the fum or value fo given or paid, or agreed to be given or paid, as aforesaid, for the whole voyage on which such (hip or veflel is or shall be bound, the faid penalty to be divided and paid in moieties; one moiety thereof to the ufe of the King’s majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moi-Vot. XVII.	H h	ety



Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. C. 39.'	[1741.

tty to the informer; and to be recovered by aftion of debt* bill, plaint, or information, in any of his  Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminjltry and in the court of Exchequer in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. EXP.

V.	Provided, That nothing in this aft shall be conftrued to extend to any contrafts or agreements for the hire of any (teaman, or persons employed as fuch, in voyages from any parts beyond the feas, to any other parts beyond the Teas, or to Great Britain.

CAP. XXXIX.

 An act for furveying the chief ports and bead lands on the coafis of Great Britain and Ireland, and the iflands and plantations thereto belongings in order to the more exaft determination of the longitude and latitude tbererf.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An * aft for providing a publick reward for such person or persons as shall dilcover the Longitude at fea, the commiffioners therein named? or any five or more of them, have full tower to bear and receive arty propofal or propofah that /ball be made to them^ for difeovering the faid longitude; and in cafe the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, /ball be fo far fatisfied of the probability of any fitch difio-very, as to think proper to make experiment thereof \ they /ball certify the fame under their hands and feals to the commiffioners of the navy for the time beings together with the persons names who are authors of such propofals; and upon producing such certificates the faid com-* mijfioners are thereby authorized and required to make out a bill or bills for any sum of moneys not exceeding two thousand pounds, as thefaid commiffioners for the difeovery of the longitudes or any five or more of thems fball think necejfary for making the experimentsy payable by the treafurer of the navy to Juch person or persons as /ball be appointed by the commiffioners for difeovery of the longitudes to make thole experiments: And for a due and fufficient encouragement to any such person or persons as fball difeover a proper method for finding the faid longitudey it is thereby further enafteiy That the authors or d'tfiove-rers of any such method/hall be intituled to the refpeftivc Jams therein mentioned, if it determines the faid longitude auordinjg to the refpec-live degrees of exaftnefs in the faid aft deferibed; and that a moiety of such reward or fum /ball be due and paid, when the faid commijfi-onerss or the major part of them% agree that such method extends to the fecurity of Jlips within eighty geographical miles of the /bortSy which are places of the greatefi danger: And whereas it is dbfilutely necejfary for making such difeovery ufeful at fidy and for the fecurity of Jbips approaching near the /horeSs that the chief ports and bead lands on the coafis of Great Britain and Ireland, and the iflands and plantations thereto belongings Jbould be firfi fiurveyed, and the longitude and latitude of such places determined more cxa ftly than has hitherto been done: And whereas feme doubts have arifeuy whether by the words of the faid aft of parliament the faid fum of two thoufand

pounds

 L^ooQle

1741.] Anno decimo quarto Georcii IL C. 40.

pounds appointed for making such experiments, or any part thereof tan be applied for such furvey, or fixing the longitude or latitude of Jiub places; be it therefore ena&ed by the King's molt excellent tnajefiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame; That the (aid commiffioners for difcovering the longitude, or any five or more of them, shall have full power to apply fiach part of the (aid (um of two thousand pounds mentioned in the faid ad, as has not already been laid out in experiments, as they shall think neceflary, for the making fiich furvey, and determining the longitude and latitude of the chief ports and head lands, on the coafts of Great Britain and Ireland, and the iflands and plantations thereto belonging; and that such fum or foms, part of the laid two thousand pounds, which the Cud commiffioners, or any five or more of them shall think necefianr, shall be paid immediately by the treafurer of the navy, to fficnperfon or per-fons as (haJJ be appointed by the faid commiffioners for the cTifcovery of the longitude, to make such furvey, and determine fudi longitude and latitude, out of the money that shall be in tbe hands of such treafurer, unapplied, for the ufe of the navy.

CAP. XL.

An act to tnabU tbe commiffioners for building * bridge crofo the river Thames, from tbe city of Weftminftcr to the appoftte fhore in tbe county of Surrey, to raife a further sum of money towards finifhing tbe faid bridge, and to perform the other trufis repofea in tbemy and for exchanging of tickets unclaimed in the Weft minder fridge lottery of tbe twelfth year of bis present Majeftfs reign9 and for making provi/ion for tickets in the faid lottery, kfit burnt, or otherwise deftroytd.

WHEREAS the money already raised for and towards building a bridge crofs the river TY&mesffrom tbe Woolftaple, or. thereabouts, in the parijh of Saint Margaret in the city ^Wcft--rninfter, to the oppofite Jhore in the county of Surrey, by virtue of fevtral alts of parliament made in the reign of bis present Majefiy, will not be fumient to anfwtr and defray the expends of fin:firing and completing ike building of the faid intended bridge, and the Jeveral other neceffary works by thefaid alls of parliament directed to be done andperformed; therefore may it pleafe your Majcfty that it may fce ena&ed, ($?.

•75,0001, to be advanced by 51 lottery tickets. Adventurers allowed •I. 10s. for every 50 tickets they fublcripe for. Directors of the formtr lottery continued, set. per cent, for every prize, amounting in the whole to 41,1501. to be deduced. Refidue of the monies to be applied * to the budding the bridge. Penalty on feUiag chances of rickets for lefs fhmn the whole time of drawing. 5001. penalty on felling interefts in tickets uot in the persons pofleifion. *Commiflioncrs may ^purchafe lands, it. <0 make new wap.

Hh 2	CAP.

4 fy





468	Anno	decimo	quarto	Georgii	II.	c.	4i.	[1741.

I

Preamble.

T reafury to iilue out of the Sinking Fund s.ooo.oool.

Other fums appropriated to the  service of the present fear.

CAP. XLI.

 An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of one million out of the finking fund, and for applying other fums therein mentioned, for the  service of the year one thousand /even hundred and forty one; and for allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals ufed in fire engines for draining tin and copper mines in the county of Cornwall; and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this session of parliament ; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer biUs% lottery tickets, and orders, loft, burnt^ or otherwise de-ftroyed; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of clerks and apprentices.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE your  Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament afTembled, being defirous not only to raife such fupplies as are neceflary to enable your Majesty to carry on the prclent war with fucceis, but also to ufe such ways and means therein, as that your Majesty may have the better and more fpeedy cffe<ft of the laid fupplies, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum of one million out of the furplufles, excefles, and overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund, towards the supply granted to your Majesty for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty one; and to that end and purpose do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enaCted by the King’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That by or out of such monies as now are, or (ball from time to time be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the faid furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund, (after paying or referving fufficient to pay all such fum or fums of money as have been directed by any former aCt or acts of parliament to be paid out of the fame) tnere shall and may be iflued, and applied, a fum not exceeding the faid fum of one million, for and towards the supply granted to his Majesty for the  service of the faid year one tnoufand seven hundred and forty one; and the commifli-oners of his Majesty treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, are hereby authorized and empowered to iflue and apply the fame accordingly.

II.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That the sum of thirty nine thousand five hundred eighty eight pounds, ten (hillings and ten pence three farthings, now remaining in

the

 L,ooq le

*74*•] Anno decimo quarto GeoRgii II. C.41;	4<?p

the receipt of his  Majesty’s exchequer, granted for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty, but not applied for thfc  service of that year; and also the sum of eleven thousand four hundred thirty four pounds, and four (hillings, remaining in his  Majesty’s exchequer, referved to be difpofed of by authority of parliament, shall and may be iffued and applied as part of his  Majesty’s supply granted for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty one; any law, ftatute or provifion to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

III.	And whereas for many yeari paft there have been no confider-able new loads or veins of tin and copper difeovered\ and the greatejl and mojl conjiderable mines of tin and copper within the county of Cornwall are become fo deep> that all means for the draining water out of them have already proved ineffectual \ and it hath been found by experience^ that under the present duties upon coals the application qf fire engines to the draining the waters out of the mines in the faid county of Cornwall bath been impracticable^ from the great expence attending the fame; Therefore for the encouragement of such valuable works, wherein a great number of tinners, labourers and adventurers are employed, and fubfift thereby; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty Coals ufed In fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty one, the(tin-works for all coals which shall be ufed in fire engines, for the drain-

ing water out of the mines of tin and copper, within the faid edadrawback county of Cornwall, and for which duties have been first an- of ail the di*-fwered and paid, a drawback shall be allowed and made of all ties, such duties, upon proof by oath made before the cuftomer or colle&or of the faid duties (which oath he is hereby impowered and required to adminifter) that such coals have been fo ufed and applied, which drawback of all the faid duties shall be returned and paid by the collector of the faid duties to such per-fon fo making proof as aforesaid.

IV.	And whereas it may fo happen, that there may be a want of money for carrying on the current  service of thefaid year one thousand seven hundred and forty one, before monies fufficient may have arifen into the exchequer from the faid furpluffes, to fatisfy and pay the faid fum of one million by this ah granted; in such cate it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners of his  Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commimoners of the treafury for the time being, by warrant under their hands to

permit and fuffer any person or persons, body or bodies politick Mortey to be or corporate, to advance and lend to his Majesty at the receipt borrowed on of his exchequer, fo much money as together with the monies the fmkW then remaining in the faid exchequer of the faid furpluffes, ex- percent# ceffes or overplus monies commonly called The SinkingFund> shall intereft. be wanting to compleat the faid fum of one million, upon credit of the growing produce of the faid furplufles, exceffes or overplus monies, and to be repaid out of the fame, as they shall quarterly afterwards arife, together with an interest for the forbearance thereof in the mean time, after a rate not exceeding

H h 3	three



470	Anno decimo quarto Georgn 1L c, 41:	[1741.

fhfee rounds ten (hillings per centum per annum j any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Applicationof * V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-the mppliei. rity aforesaid, That all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one aft of this fefljon of parliament, intituled.  An act for granting an aid to his Majesty land tax, b a bandtax*t0 be rat fed in Great Britain,the  service of the year we thoufandfeven Hundred and forty one, and fo much money (if any such be) oftthe tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain, after '	aH the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame

aft, and all the intereft, premium, or rate and charges thereon, v and the charges thereby allowable for railing the food land tax, ihall be finished, or money (ufficierft shall be referved in the •	exchequer	to	difeharge the fame •, and all the monies coming

into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other aft of this fcflion of parliament, intituled,  An act for eon-Malt tax, timing the duties upon mplty mum, cyder y and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Adojefy certain duties upon malty nsumy cyder* and Perry, in that pare of Gteat Britain called Scotland, for the  service of the year mu thousand seven hundred and forty one, and (o much money (if any fuch. be) of the duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made, or to be made on the fame aft, and all the intereft, premium, or rate and charges thereon, qnd the charges thereby allowable for railing the laid duties, shall be fatisfied, or money fufficient shall be referved in the exchequer to difeharge the fame * and all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon onp other aft of this feflion of parliament, intituled, S^lt tax* -An for iraxting tend continuing the duties upon fatty and upon red and white herring J, for the farther term of Jeven year s, and fer allowing rock fait to be ufed in making fait front fea water at the Jolt Works at Meath in the county of Glamorgan; and fo much money £if any such be) of the duties thereby granted and continued, as shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame aft, and all the intereft, premium or rate and charges thereort, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the faid duties shall be fotisned, or money fufficient ihall be referved in the exchequer to difeharge the Money re- fonae J aw*	funa	of	thirty	nine thousand five hundred

maininginthe eighty eight pounds, ten (hillings, and ten pence three farthings, exchequer, granted for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty, but not applied for the  service of that year; and the Aim of eleven thousand four hundred and thirty four pounds, four (hillings, remaining in the receipt of bis  Majesty’s exchequer, referved to be difpofed of by authority of parliament; and the sum of one million by this aft granted as aforesaid, (had he further appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the feyeral ufes, intents, and purposes herein after expreffed, fubjeft nevertheless to such reftriftions as are herein after prescribed * that is to fay.





1741'] Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. 0.41*

VL It is hereby enaCted and declared, That out of all or anv the aids or fupplies aforesaid, there shall and may be i(2ued and applied any (urn or fums of money, not exceeding two millions two hundred sixty four thousand fix hundred ninety one pounds, ten (hillings, ana ten pence, for or towards the naval services herein after more particularly exprefled; (that is to fay) For or towards defraying the charge of the ordinary of his Majesty's navy, and for half-pay to fea officers, for or towards victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards fea services in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed,

VII.	And it is hereby also enaCted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred and five thousand two hundred feventy five pounds eighteen (fallings and eight pence, for or towards the charge of tranfports hired to carry the forces to America \ and any fum or fums of money not exceeding one hundred twenty four thousand five hundred (ixty four pounds* eight (hillings and three farthings, for the expence of victuals provided for the soldiers employed in the expeditions in America.

v III. And it is hereby also enaCted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten thousand pounds, upon account, for or towards the support of the royal hospital at Greenwich, and for the better maintenance of the feamen of the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in the  service of their country.

IX.	And it is also hereby enaCted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforesaid, there shall and may be i(Tued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding one hundred ninety one thousand two hundred ninety fix pounds, four (hillings, and eleven pence, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of ordnance for land  service performed and to be performed, and Tor defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land services, not provided for by parliament.

X.	And it is also hereby enaCted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies as aforefeid, there shall and may be ifiued and applied any dim or fums of money not exceeding one hundred twenty four thoufarid fifty two pounds, and five (hillings, for defraying the charge of fix thousand nine hundred and thirty piarines, commiffion and non-commiflion officers included, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty .one; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding ninety thousand two hundred and one pounds, ten (hillings, for raiding and maintaining four thousand fix hundred and twenty additional marines, commiffion and non-commiffion officers included, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred gnd forty one.

XI.	And it is hereby Jikewife enaCted, That out of all or any

Hh4	'	th*

47*

2,264,6911. 10s. iod. for naval services.

105,2751. 18s. 8d. fortranf-ports to carry the forces to America. 124,5641. 8s. and $ farthings, for victuals for the forces in America.

10,0001. to Greenwich hofpital.

191,296!. 4s. nd. to the office of ordnance.

114,051!. 5s. for the murines.

90,201 L tos. for maintaining additional marines.

4.

ad. for 5705 additional land forces.

47*	Anno	decimo quarto Georgii It. c. 41.	£	1741.

the aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding 1,705.194!;	one million seven hundred and three thousand one hundred

id. 3 farthings nmety four pounds, fix (hillings, and two pence three farthings, ingThHand” ^or or towards maintaining his  Majesty’s land forces, and other forces for the services herein after more particularly exprefled; that is to fay, any ufes follow- fum or fums of money not exceeding eight hundred eighty three ing, viz. thousand one hundred eighty nine pounds, two (hillings, and 6d* forwards	Pence> f°r defraying the charge of twenty nine thousand and

and gsuxifons. thirty three effective men, commifllon and non-commifiion officers included; and also including two regiments df foot employed on the expedition under the late lord Cathcart, and two thousand three hundred twenty two invalids; for guards, gar-rifons, and other his Majesty's land forces in Great Britain, Gu-v	and Jerfey, for the year one thousand seven hundred and

forty one; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding one hundred fixteen thousand three hundred twenty two pounds four (hillings, and two pence, for railing and maintaining five thousand seven hundred and five additional land forces, commiflion and non-commiffion officers included, for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty one; and any fum or fums of money 264,511). 16s not exceeding two hundred sixty fix thousand five hundred ana <d. halfpenny twelve pouhds, fixteen (hillings and five pence halfpenny, for for garrifons maintaining his  Majesty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations Gi^altaj0 &c Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garrifons at * ‘ Annapolis Royals Canfoy Placentia, Gibraltar, and Georgia, for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty one; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding four thousand nine hundred forty eight pounds, eighteen (hillings and four pence, upon account for the out-penfioners of Chelfea hofpital, for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty one; and any fum or fums ^	of money not exceeding thirty fix thousand one hundred fifty

id! halfpenny seven pounds, nineteen (hillings, and one penny half-penny, forextraordi- for defraying several extraordinary expences and services incur-nary expence? red jn the year one thousand seven hundred and forty, and not 1740° yCar provided for by parliament; and any fum or fums of money 53 995I. ms. not exceeding fifty three thousand nine hundred ninety five 4d. for a regi-pounds, thirteen (hillings and four pence, for maintaining a ment of foot regiment of foot raised in America, for his Maj/efty's service, confiding of thirty fix companies, for the  service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty one, commencing the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and forty in-clufive; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding eleven 4^. for officers thousand fix hundred and eleven pounds, thirteen (hillings and attending the four pence, for maintaining the charge of several officers ap-Wd^Cath pointed by his Majesty to go with the forces on board the fleet cart's expedi- in’the expedition under the command of the late lord Cathcart, tion on board for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty one; and the fleet. any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one thousand two hundred feventv seven pounds ten (hillings, for maintaining the cers to attend charge of the ftaff officers, appointed by his Majesty, to attend

the

4,q4S1. iSs.

4a for out-penfioners of Chelfea hofpital.

36,1571.19*

in America.

n,6nl. 13s.

‘v





1741*] Anno dcclmo quarto GeorGH II. c. 41.	473

the hospital eftablifhed for the  service of the expedition under the hofbital the command of the late lord Cathcdrt, for the year one thou- «^hlifted for fand seven hundred and forty one; and any fum or,fums of^iti0n# money, not exceeding feventy five thousand nine hundred fifty 75,9511.7s. two pounds, seven (hillings and four pence farthing, for defray- 4d. farthing ing the expence of fix thousand HeJJians, taken into his Ma- tor jetty’s pay, from the twenty fifth day of March exclulive, to “n the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred 50,1051.14s. and forty one, inclufive, being two hundred feventy five days; 7<1* unpaidof as also the sum of thirty thousand two hundred and nve pounds,the fourteen (hillings and (even pence, for what remains unpaid for force£ levy-money for the faid forces, purfuant to a treaty dated the ninth day of May, one thousand seven hundred ana forty5 and ^ ^ the sum of forty nine thousand fix hundred and eight pounds; pf fix (hillings, and one penny, for what remains payable of the fubfidy for the fubfidy for the fix thousand Heffians taken into his  Majesty’s Hcflians. pay, to the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and forty one, purfuant to a treaty dated the faid ninth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and forty; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding sixty nine thousand eight 69,8411.59^. hundred forty one pounds, five (hillings, and four pence half- halfpenny, for penny, for defraying the expence of fix thousand Danes taken fix thoufimd into nis  Majesty’s pay, from the twenty fifth day of March ex- Dancs* clufive, to the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and forty one, inclufive, being two hundred feventy five days; as also the sum of twenty five thousand eight hun- 15,875b un-dred feventy five pounds, for what remains unpaid for the levy- paid of the le-money for the faid forces, purfuant to a treaty dated the four- *7 moacy* teenth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, new ftile; and also the sum of forty four thousand five 44,5691.8*.id. hundred sixty nine pounds, eight (hillings, and one penny, for payable of the what remains payable of the fubfidy for the fix thousand Danes fobfidy. taken into hi*  Majesty’s pay, to the twenty fifth day of Decern-her, one thousand seven hundred and forty one, purfuant to the faid treaty dated the fourteenth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, new ftile; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty nine thousand three hundred 1913001.7s. pounds, seven (hillings and (ix pence, upon account of half-pay to the reduced officers of his  Majesty’s land forces and marines, *** omccrs# for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty one, fubjeft nevertheless to such rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as are herein after preferibed concerning the fame; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding four thou- 4***1* for fand one hundred twenty fix pounds, for paying of penfions to penfion* tore-widows of such reduced officers of his  Majesty’s land forces and	CCf#

marines, as died upon the eftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fixteen, for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty one; which faid fum of four thousand one hundred twenty fix pounds, shall be iflued to such person or persons, as his Majesty (hall, by warrant



474	Anno	decirao quarto Georgii II. c. 41.	[1741*

rant or warrants under his royal fign manual, direft or appoint to receive the lame, to be by him or them paid over to such widows of half-pay officers, or their afligns, according to such eftabliftunents, Efts, or other direftions, and with and fubjeft to such conditions, qualifications, or other allowances for the fame, as his Maiefty, by such and the like warrant or warrants, fliall be gracioufly pleated to direft and appoint.*

XII. And it is hereby also enafted, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be ifiiied and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding three hundred thousand pounds, for the further enabling his

to

300,000! fcpport the Queen ot Hungary.

Majesty in the moft effectual manner to support the queen of Hungaryf for preventing the fubverfion of the houfe of Aufiria, and for the maintaining the pragmatick fanftion, and fupport-ing the liberties and balance of power in Europe.

Alii. And it is also hereby enafted, That out of all or any the aids pr fuppEes provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding c,onl. 10. id. five thousand twenty one pounds, ten (hillings, and one penny aalfjpenny, to halfpenny, to replace to the linking fund the like fiira paid out of t^c to good the deficiency of the additional (lamp of the additi? duties at Cbri/lmas, one thousand feVen hundred and thirty nine, onal (bmp purfiiant to a claufe in an aft of parliament paffed in the fourth duties. year of his Majcfty’s reign, for raising one million two hundred thousand pounds by annuitiesjmd a lottery for the  service of the year one thousand (even hundred and thirty one; and any fum or »o,oool. to the films of money not exceeding twenty thousand pounds, to re-linkuig fund, place to the finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame to the governor and company of the bank of England for one year’s interest due on or before Hie eighth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty, being after the rate of four pounds per centum on the principal lum of five hundred thousand pounds by them lent on the credit of the fait duties towards the supply of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty five, pur-fuant to a claufe in an aft of parliament paffed in the eighth year of his Majeftv’s reign, for granting and continuing the du* ties upon fait, and upon red ana white herrings, for the further term of four years; and any fum	or fums of money, not ex-

1 s	ceeding twenty three thousand seven hundred and eleven pounds,

more to the ’ (hillings and fix pence, to replace to the (aid finking fund finking fund. l^c like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency of twelve (hillings per barrel on fweets or wines made from 2?nV t\fh or foreign fruits, or fugar, at Midfummer% one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, at three pounds per centum per ponum interest on five hundred thousand pounds charged there-

oool to the on» anc* anX ^uir) or ^ums money not exceeding four thour repairing	fend pounds, towards the repairing	and finiftiing the collegiate

Wcftminfter	church of Saint Peter, WejhninJler,	and to enable the dean and

Abbey. chapter of the faid collegiate church to purchafe three leafehold houfes now (landing on the north fide of the faid church,-and to pull down the fapae, iq order to lay open the whple north

 v^ooQie

I741-] Anno decimo quarto Georcii II. c. 4t;	475

fide of the faid church; and any fum or Aims of money not exceeding ten thousand pound*, towards the maintenance of the xo.oool. to-Britijb forts and fetUements belonging to the royal African com- wards main-pany of England, on the coaft of Africa \ and there dull and *5® may be iflued to the truftees for eftabltfhing the colony of Gear* can o s. gia in America, any fum or fums of money not exceeding ten io,oool.tothe thousand pounds, by them to be applied for the further fettling Q*onyi f and improving the faid colony; and any fum or (urns of money, eorg,a' not exceeding twenty thousand pounds, for the re-fettling and re-establishing the unhappy fufferers of the province of Carolina^ in the late dreadful fire at Charles Town; and any fum or fums Carolina. * of money, not exceeding fix thousand two hundred forty nine 6,149!. i6s^d. pounds, fixteen (hillings, and four pence three farthings, tolfoIthinPk make good the lofs fuftained by several merchants^ and by the ^ th^faikire officers commanding the fix new raised independent companies oF HenryPop-of foot in the ifland of Jamaica, by the failure of mailer Henry pfe.

Popple, appointed by his Majesty, agent to the faid companies; alfoiSiil. 17* and any fupor fums of money, not exceeding one thouland eight *4* * far~ hundred and fixteen pounds, feventcen (hillings, and four pence three farthings, to makegood the lofs fuftained by Richard Fitz* william efquire, captain of an independent company of foot in the ifland of New Providence, on account of the pay of the company under his command, by the failure of the faid Henry P°ppl*uappointed by bis Majesty, agent to the laid company; and any (urn or fums of money, not exceeding fix hundred and alfoSyol. fifty pounds, to make good a lofs fuftained by the receiver general of Scotlandy by the failure of the faid Henry Popple.

XIV.	And it is also hereby enabled. That out of all or any the 1615], 49. *d.

aids or fupplies provided as aforefeid, there shall and may be %	**

iflued .and applied any (um or fums of money, not exceeding S^dcSSencr two thousand fix hundred twenty five pounds, four (hillings of the general and three pence three farthings, for making good the deficiency fund.

of the general fund for the year ended at Michaelmas, one thousand seven hundred and forty.

XV.	And be it further enacted. That the (aid aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid shall not be ifiiiedor applied to any ufe, intent, or purpose whatsoever, other than the ufes and purposes before mentioned, or for the several deficiencies or other payments dirc&ed to be fatisfied thereout by any alt or alts, or any particular daufc or claufes for that purpole contained in any other alt or alts of this present fefiion of parliament; and as to the faid fum of twenty nine thousand three hundred pounds, seven (hillings and fix pence by this alt appropriated on account of half-pay, as aforesaid; it is hereby enaded and declared by the authority aforesaid. That the rules herein after preferibed shall be duly obferved in the application thereof * that is to

fay. That no person shall have or receive any part of the ru|cs for the ' fame, who was a minor, and under the age of fixteen years, at ideation 0f the time when the regiment, troop, or company, in which he half pay, Ipryed, was reduced; that no person shall have or receive any part of the fame, except such persons who did altual  service in

fop?

 CjOOQle

47 6	Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. c.41.'	[174^.

fomc regiment, troop or company; that no person having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any eccle-fiaftical benefice in Great Britain and Ireland, shall have or re* ceive any of the faid half pay, that no person shall have or receive any part of the fame, who hath refigned his commilfion, and has had no commilfion fince; that no part of the fame shall be allowed to any person by virtue of any warrant or ap-‘	pointment,	except to (uch persons, who would have been other-

wife intitled to the fame as reduced officers; and that no part of the fame shall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to fiich as were lately taken off the eftablilhment of half-pay in Great Britain: And whereas by an Aa13Geo.lL aft of parliament made m the thirteenth year of his Majesty's reign y intituled,  An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of one million out of the (inking fund for the  service of the year one thou-fcnd seven hundred and forty: and for enabling his Majesty to raife the further fum of two hundred thousand pounds out of the growing produce of the faid fund; and for granting to his Majesty the sum of twenty one thousand pounds, one (hilling and eight pence halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of his Ma-jefty’s exchequer, arifen by fale of lands in the ifland of Saint Chrijlophers, and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this session of parliament, federal fupplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to frueral ufes and purposes therein exprejjed, among/} whicby any fum or fums of money not exceeding thirty four thousand five hundred eighty seven pounds, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majesty's land forces and marines,fubieft nevertheless to such rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as in The overplus andby the afore faid aft werepreferibed in that behalf ; now it is hereof laft year's by provided, enafted, and declared by th$ authority aforesaid, half pay, how That foTnuch of the faid fum of thirty four thousand five hun-to e applied, ejghty seven pounds, as is or shall be more than fufficient to fatisfy the faid reduced officers according to the rules by the faid aft preferibed to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of such overplus, shall or may be difpofed of to such officers who are maimed or loft their limbs in the late wars, or such others as by reason of their long service, or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper objefts of charity, or to the widows or children of such officers, according to such warrant or warrants under his  Majesty’s royal fign manual, as shall be Jigned in that behalf; any thing in this aft or the faid former aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provifion for loft exchequer bills, lottery tickets. See. Further time given to clerks and apprentices. EXP.

A

CAP,



4 77

1741.} Anno detimo quarto Georgii II. c. 42;

CAP. XLII.

An all for the prefcrvation of the publick roads in that part of Great Britain called England.

Wf H E R E A S the highways of this kingdom are greatly dama-* ^ ged and made ruinous by the excejftve weights carried thereon: For preventing thereof, be it enabled by the King’s moil excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual and .temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty one, it shall and may'be lawful to and for all truftees appointed, or who shall hereafter be appointed, by any adt ora&s of parliament for the repairs of any highway or highways within that part of Great Britain called England, or for any fiye of them, at any or as many gate or gates, bar or bars, as they have eredled, or shall ereft, for the receiving of any toll or tolls, to order and caufe to be built or eredted any crane, machine or engine, which they shall judge proper, for the weighing of carts, waggons, or other carriages, for the conveying orany goods or merchandize whatsoever, and by writing figned by them, or any five of them, to order all and every or any such carriage or carriages, which shall pafs through any such gate or bar, to be weighed, together with the loading thereof; and for them, or any five of them, or for any person or persons impowered by them, or any five of them, to receive and take, over and above the toll already granted, or hereafter to be granted, the sum of twenty (hillings a hundred weight for every hundred weight which every such cart, waggon or carriage, together with the loading thereof, shall weigh, over and above the weight of sixty hundred; and that the money arifing from such additional duty of twenty (hillings the hundred, shall be applied to the repair of such highway or highways where such gate or gates, bar or bars, are or shall be placed.

II.	Provided always, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty one, it shall and may be lawful for any farmer or other person to carry goods for hire, from the fifteenth day of April to the twenty ninth day of September, in carriages drawn on wheels bound with ftreaks or tire of any breadth; any law or ftatute to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That in cafe any person shall begleft or refufe to pay such additional duty of twenty (hillings the hundred as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any five of them, or any person or persons impowered by them or any five of them, to levy the fame by diftrelTs and fale of goods ot the person or persons fo negledting or refufing, in such manner as they are impowered to levy any other toll or duty which is or shall be given by any other ftatute

or

6

Preamble, amended by 11 Geo. II. c.

Truftees appointed to repair the roads may caufe weighing engines to be e-re&ed at tht toll-gates i

and shall weigh carriages and goods}

and take sot# a hundred for all above 6000 weight, to be applied to mending the roads.

Farmers may carry goods for hire, fcc.

Colle&ors may feize for the additional duty.

478

Anno decimo quarto Georgii II. c. 42.	£1741,

or ftatutcs for repair of such highway or highways, where such cranes, machines or other engines shall be placea.

^rSns (Tdo-	** ** further ensured by the authority aforesaid, That

fing the cPr	any person or persons shall or do hinder, or with force, or

lelfors jo their otherwise attempt to hinder or obftruft the weighing any such duty.	cart,	waggon	or	carriage as aforefeid, or the feizing, diftraining

or carrying away any such diftrefs, or any matter or thingwhich shall be feTzed, diftrained or taken for default of payment of the faid additional toll or duty of twenty (hillings the hundred; or shall refeue the fame, or ufe any violence to any person or per-fons concerned in such weighing, diftraining or leizure; every such person (hall, on oath thereof made by one witness before a juftice of the peace of. the county or place where such offence, shall be committed or such offender shall dwell, be font to the *	common	gaol	of such county or place for three months, and

(hall forfeit the sum of ten founds; half thereof to be paid to the informer, and the other half to be employed in the repair of the (aid highways •, which penalty shall be levied on the goods of such person fo offending as aforesaid, by a warrant from such juftice; and if the penalty be not paid in three days after diftrefs made, the person who shall be authorized by the faid warrant to make such diftrefs^ may fell the faid goods, and detain out of the money ariling from such fale the faid penalty of ten pounds, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner of the faid goods. What csrri- V. Provided always. That nothing in this aft shall be deem-ages shall ed or conftrued to extend to carts, waggons, or other carriages not be weigh- employed only about hufoandrv, or carrying of only chcefe, but-ed#	ter, hay, ftraw^ com unthremed, cur chalk, or any one (lone,

block of marble or piece of timber, nor to caravans, or the covered carriages of noblemen and gentlemen for their orivateufe, or such timber, ammunition or artillery as shall be for bis Ma-jefty’s service.

VI.	And whereas an aft was made in the fifth year of the reipi of his late Majesty King George the Firjl9 intituled.  An act for making more effectual the several afts paffed for repairing and amending the highways of this kingdom 5 which bath proved in-fufficient for that purpofe, by reason that the faid all extends to fucb	1

Waggons and carts^ only as travelfor hire, ahd by reason of many aijfi- I cultics in the manner of convicting and punijhing the offenders againfi 1 Aft $ Geo. 1. the fame \ For remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority	!

c.ii.itrength- aforesaid, That the laid aft, and all and Angular the daufes,	(

penalties and forfeitures therein contained, shall extend, and | be conftrued to extend to all waggorts and carts, and to the owners and drivers thereof, his and their horfes, with the geers, j bridles, halters and accoutrements, whether travelling for hire, or not for hire, or in any manner whatsoever; and that all and every person and persons who shall offend against the faid aft, or this present aft, shall for every such offence (being thereof convifted upon oath within the space of three days next after such offence before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, city, liberty qjc divifion, where such offence

2	(hall

«

ened, and made more extenftve.

In part repealed by 15 Geo. z. c. 2

1741*] Anno decimo quarto Geougii II. C. 43,	479

lhall be committed, or where such offender or offenders shall happen to be) feverallv forfeit, be fubjeft and liable to, the re-fpeftive penalties hnd forfeitures in the faid aft contained; to be levied, recovered and applied in such manner, and to such ufes, as in and by the faid aft is mentioned and direfted; and his and their horfes, with the geers, bridles, halters and accoutrements,

(hall for the space of three days next after such offence be and remain fubieft and liable to such feizures and diftrefles, and for the ufe and benefit of such person and persons, as they would or might have been, had they been feized or diftrained in the faft, during the commiffion of such offence.

VIl.	And be it further enafted. That if any aftion or aftions shall at any time or times hereafter be brought a^ainft any person or persons whatsoever, for any matter or thing which he,

(he or they shall do, or caufe to be done, by virtue or in exe-cution of this aft, that in such cafe the defendant or defendants in every fuch* aftion or aftions shall and may plead the general General iflbe. iffue, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter in evidence on any trial or trials to be hereafter had in such aftion or aftions; and that if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any such aftion or aftions shall difeontinue such aftion or aftions, or become nonfuit, or if judgment lhall be given against such plaintiff or plaintiffs in such aftion or aftions, that then the defendant or defendants in every such aftion or aftions shall recover his or their treble Treble cofts* cods ot fuit; any law, cuftom or ulage whatsoever to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIII.

An act to enable Thomas Smith, efp lord of the manor of Farlington in the county of Southampton, to supply the town of Portfmouth, and parts adjacent, with good and wbolefome water, at bis own proper cofts and charges.

WHEREAS the conveying good and wholefome water to the town of Portfmouth in the county of Southampton, and the partt adjacent, will be very deferable, and of great ufe and benefit to the inhabitants thereof, as well as for the garrifon, the pubfick offices, and /hipping; may it therefore pleafe your mod excellent Majesty that it may be enafted, &c.

Frclh water to be brought to Portfmouth, from fprings in Farlington.

Pipes to be laid through the King's roads, and private eftates, paying for all damages. Damages to be fettled by a jury. Verdi&s to be in -rolled by the clerk of the peace, which shall be binding, and not removed to another court. Ground shall not be entered on, tul fatisfaftion paid.

Pipes may be laid through the lfreets, &c. of Portfinouth. Not to da~ mage the fortifications. Provifo, in behalf ot other fprings.

The End of the seventeenth Volume.

