ACTS

OF

ASSEMBLY,

PASSED in the

Province of NEW YORK

From 1691, to 1718.

LONDON;

Printed by John Basketty Printer to the Kings most Excellent Majesty, And by the Assigns of Thomas and Henry Hills,deceas’d. MDCCXIX.

INDEX

TO

New-York Laws.

An Act for Quieting and Settling the Disorders that have happened within this Province, Secto-

ring Their Majesties prefen Government the like ders for the future. . Page f

An Act declaring what are the Rights and Privileges of Their Majesties Subjects inhabiting within Their Province'of New-York. a

An Act for Settling, Quieting^ and Confirming unto the

and Free-holders within this Province, several and

An

t

Rights respectively.

An Act for the Enabling each respective Town within this Province to regulate . their Fences and High-ways, and makip their Peace and orderly Improvements. 6

An Act for Defraying the Publick and NecejfaryCharge throughout this Province, and for Maintaining the Poor, and Preventing ibid'

An Act to ease People that are Scrupulous in >. 8

An Act for the Regulating the Buildings, Streets, Lanes, Wharfs, Docks and

' \ Allies of the City of New-York. . 9

An Act to divide this Province and Dependencies into Shires and Counties. 1

An Act for Settling Fairs, and Markets. 13

An Act for the Supervifing Intestates Estates, and Regulating the Probate of Wills, and Granting Letters of Administration. 16

An Act for calling Long-Island the Island Naflfaw.

a 2

*7

An

11^050

Pass'd.

1691.

1692'.

INDEXto

ilr

Pass’d An Act for Refraining and Punishing Privateers and . Page 19

for Settling a Minify, Raising a Maintenance for them in the

City df New-York, Gwtfrf) of Richmond, Westchester, W Qpeeas-County.

ibid.

1 dpj. An Act againfunlawful By-Laws, aw? 2)

yf# againf the Prophanation of the LorcCs , ca/W Sunday^ 24

16^7. An Act for Raifng a Tearly Rate to pay the respective Collectors. 27

X698. Act for Refraining tad Punishing Privateers and Pirates. 29

AA for the Regulating Elections of Rvprefontatives in General ibid.

An Act to Enable the respective Towns within this Province to build and repair their Meeting-houses, and other publick 32

An Act for Preventing of Trespasses. ' J - 33

so prevent vexatious Suits, and Settling and Qyieting the Minds of His Majestys peaceable Subjects within this Province* 34

An Act for the Vacating), Breaking, and Annulling feVirtl extravagant Grants of LandTtatie by Qofonti Pletcher,1 late Governor of this Province - under His

Majesty. 35

tyoo. An Act againf Jesuits and Popish Priefis. 41’

An Act for the Enccmragement of Seamen. 42

An Act for declaring the Tbwn tf Eastthefter, in the County of Westchester, 4

- difihtft Parishfrom the Town of Westchester in the County aforesaid. 43

r

v M

1701. An Act for the more regular Proceedings in the of for the several Cities and Counties within this Province. 45

An Act for.Repealing an Act of General Affeihbly of this Province, intituled,

- An Act for Defraying the Publick and Necessary Chaise throughout this Province, for Maintaining the Poor, and Preventing Vagabonds j except so

’ mtufctheredfxts tdates to Vagabonds 3 and for Appointing more effectual Meant

fir Defraying-the publick ana necessary Charges in each Q'ty and County, and for

J Maintaining the Poor. 4

An Act for Allowance to the Reprtfenttitives 48

An Act to oblige the Owners^ and Pqffeffors of unimproved Lands in the County of Albany, Westchester, Rkhtfrohd, aw? Orange, to pay the Proportion of their Quk-ffynt? arid Taw Vaised for the Support of tie Government* and their County Charges. . ’ ,.. •/, 49

An Act for the Settling and Amending the High-e&ays and Roads in the County of Ulster. 50

' An Act for Regulating the Fences in the County of Ulster." j 51

x 70 2 ( An Act for Settling the Militia of this , and making it more ufefsd for the

Security and Dqence thereof, and for Repealing of all firmer heretofore \nade in this Province relating to the fame. 53

An

NEW*Y:0 R K L A W S.

v

An Act ag/tinft Forging, Counterfeiting, and Clipping of Foreign which

i current Money in the Colony of New-York. O Page^S

an Act for Regulating Slaves. .* >-> ibid.

'An Act for the DeJlrcfyirtg -of Wolves within thit Colony* tfo

An Act to ascertain the AJJtze of Casks, WeBricks within this

Asp Act for the Laying out. Regulating, Clearing and Preferring Common

High-ways throughout this Colony.v 6$

An Act fa the better Explaining, and more in Execution, an. Act

• of GeneralyAffembly, made in the Third Tear of the late isTwig William 4

Queen Mary, Intituled,An Act for Defraying the publick and necessary Charge

• f tnrougliout this Province, and for Maintaining the Poor, and Preventing Va-gabonds. . 69

An Act to Repeal the lafi Ctause in an Act of Assembly, Intituled, An Act for the Quieting and Settling the Disorders that have lately happened within this ‘'Province. *• - 1 73

An Act fa the better Laying out. Regulating.,Clearing, publick

- Common' High-Ways’ in this Colony, and for the Erecting a County-

■ Goal and County-House in the County of Richmond. 74

An Act to prevent the Running away of Negro Slaves out of the City t jfAlbany, to the French at Canada. 7

An Act for Reviving and Continuing, an Act, Intituled, An Act for Regulating . Slaves.

An Act for Continuing an Act for Laying out. Regulating, Clearing, and Prefer-. ving publick Common High-ways throughout this Colony. ibid.

An Act fa the Preservation of Deer. ibid.

An Act fa Defraying the common and necessary Charge of the Manor of Ranflaer-. wick, in the County of Albany. ibid.

An Act. fa an Allowance to the Burgess of the Borough Westchester. 80

An Act to encourage the Baptizing cf Negro, Indian, and Mulatto Slaves. 81

An Act for the Explaining an Act, Intituled, An Act for the Laying out> Regulating, Clearing, and Preserving publick Common High-ways throughout this . Colony. . 83

An Act fa the Encouragement of the Post-Office within this Province, 84

An Act to prevent Damages by S&iht'in. the County of Westchester, Queehs-County, and the County of Richmond. 87

* 1 . i -

An Act fa the more effectual Preservation of Deer, and other Game, and the De-firuftton of Wolves, Wdd Cats, and other Vermine. ibid.

An Act fa the Encouragement of Whaling. 88

An Act to relieve this Colony from divers I and Extortions. - %9

b An

Pass’4

17°*t

1703.

-'i

1705.

170 6, 17° 8.

vi

INDEX to

Pass’d y#? /«► Reviving an Act of the General Affemlfydf (bit Prirnnce, Intituled, t?o& An Act against Forging, Counterfeiting, and Clipping of Foreign Goin^ which is current Money in the Colony of 7

An Act for the Regulating and Preventing the Corruption of the Current

- ibid

i 709.

o ♦ 0

An Act for Supprejfling bntm&tisy* ' T , ibid

for Preventing the Conspiracy of S90

An Act for the easier Partition of 'Lands in Joynt-Tenancj, or in Common,

Act, for Levying Six thousand Pounds.

An Act for the Currency of Bills of Credit for lpivthoufand " ' ibid.

to prevent Selling or Giving cfRttmy or other Strong Liquorf, to the |n-e jdiansi J . / ibid.

An Act for Levying divers Sums of Money for Defraying the Charge of this lonfi v ibid

An Act for Laying d Duty on the Tonnage of and Slaves '.;

An Act for the Treasurers paying certain Sum of Money* pp

An Act for Reviving an Act of General AffemMy, , An for the bet-

ter Settling the Militia of this Province, and making ic more useful for the •,' Sesutky, &4 Osfepce thereof. ibid

An Act to Relieve Assessors. $0d

An Act for Reviving an Act for Encouraging of Seamen* < v , ibid’

An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace to nominate AJfeJfors in

' case of Death tox

An Act to prevent the Removal of Actions of Twenty Pounds from the Mayor's ' Court afNew'-York, and other Courts. ibid

An Act to prevent the Exportation of Gold and Silver Coin out of this r ox

An Act for the Currency of Bills of Credit for Four thousand Pounds. ibid.

An Act for the Levying Ten thousand Ounces of Plate, or Fourteen thousand five hundred forty jive Lyon Dollars. 105

An Act for the Currency of Bills of Credit for Ten thousand Ounces of or

_ Fourteen thousand five hundred and forty five Lyon io£

An Act for the Treasurer's IJfiting BHh of Credit the present Debt of the Ex-

- peditton to Canada, and other Uses. 708

An Act for Reviving an Act, Intituled, An Act to prevent the Selling or Giving of Hum, or other Strong Liquors, to the Indians in the County of Albany.

no

An Act for the better Watching and Guarding the City of Albany. ibid.

An Act to determine, settle, and tfctrtain the Bounds and Limits of the County of Orange. ni;

An Act for the City and County of Albany to pay the Arrears due to their Representatives, and for other Uses. ' 'J ’ ibid

An

NEWr-fYiO;R < vjLiA W S. yii

An Act to-Repeal an Act of General Assembly, Jntitukd, An Act to obUge Robert.

Liwngflonto account, according to the Purport’ of an Act, Intituled, an Act -• Appointing and Enabling Commissioners to take and state the Publick Accounts of this Province. Page in

A Catalogue of Feet, Established by the Governor and , at the humble Re-v quest of the Assembly. "• 115

An All for Regulating and Eft'ablijhingFees. 1 '123

An Act for Laying an Eqcife on all Strong Liquors retailed in this Colony. 2$

An AftJfr Continuing an Act for Laying Duty on the Tonnage of Vessels and

J Slaves. ibid.

An Act for Reviving an Act of General An Act for the better^ttling t^e Militia of this Province, and making it more Useful for " the Se^nrity aqdA Defence thereof ‘ \ 12

An Act for Reviving an Act, Intituled, An Act for Regulating and Returning able and fuifiaetxjyiars in Tryals at Law. :; 1a8

An Act for the better Settlement and AJfuring of Lands in this Colony. ibid.

An Act to Repeal a Qause in an Aftj Intitu>- An Act again# Forging, Counterfeiting and Clipping of Foreign Coin, which is Current Money in the Co-

♦ loriy wNeW^1RnkX\- > ~ - ' V 130

An Act to retrench the growing Inter eft of of ibid.

AnAftJtocoilefttheAm . . 'ibid;

An Act for Raising Forces to aj/iji in the Expedition to Canada. " 133

An Act forLevyveg the Sum of Ten thousanFounds. ibid.

An Act for the Currency of Bills of Credit for Twenty five thousand Ounces of Plate.

An Act to appoint Commissioners io purchase and other

the Expedition to reduce Canada. ibid.

An Act for the better Rewarding of Volunteers on the against

Canada, to be levied in the Gties of New-York and Albany, and the Pay of

• other Officers, and Uses relating to the fame Expedition. ibid.

An Act for Continuing an Act, Intituled, An Act for Laying an Excise on all Strong, Liquors retailed in this Colony. ...... .134

An Act for the more effectual putting in Execution an Act of General Intituled, An Act for Laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Vessels and Slaves, ibid.

An Act to enable Thomas Whiteheads fell of fame part of the Lands

devised to him by hit- Father, under the Limitation of a general EntaiU 35

An Act for the Security and Defence of this Colony, during the Expedition to Car ' nada. . . . . , ibid.

Pass’di

tyopi

1710.

1711.

An All for Reviving an Act, Intruded, Ah' Aftto prevent foiling or g of

• Rum, or other strong Liquors, to the 3 and to prevent the

• xf any of the Clothing, Arms, or Accoutrements, [ent by Her the

• Service of the present Expedition. \ *3*

viii .INDEX to

Pass’d An Act for Raffing Two thousand eight hundred and fifty five Ounces of

1711. Page 136

An Act to oblige the Manors in the County of Westchester to pay their Taxes. ibid.

An Act to prevent the Impairing the Fortifications. ibid.

An Act for Reviving an AHy IntituledAn Act to prevent the felling or giving 6f Rum, or other strong Liquofs, to the Indians in the County of Albany'. ibid.

An Act Reviving an Act* Intituled.\An Act for the better Settling the Militia of this Province, and making it more Useful for the Security and Defence thereof. 137

An Act to authorize the surviving Comm for the Expedition to 'reduce Ca-» nada, to aH and pUrfue the Powers committed to as fully if Captain John De Peyfter deceased were {till alive; and to make Provision in case of the Death of any other of the Commissioners. r. yihid.

An Act for the Treasurers Paying Three thousand hundred and fifty Ounces of Plate to his Excellency. •?-. ibid,

1712. An Act to encourage the making Linseed-Oyl. $9

An Act for Paying Eight thousand twenty five Ounces of Plate to his Excellency.

, k ibid.

An Act Reviving an Act* Intituled, An Act to prevent the felling or giving of Rum, or other strong Liquors, to the Indians in die County of Albany f for Reviving an Act for the better Watching and Guar ding the Gty of Albany.

An Act for Prohibiting all Persons* but John Parmiter and his Assigns* to make. Lamp-black* during the Space of Five Tears. ibid.

An Act for Paying the Arrears due to the Forces late raised in the County of Suffolk,' for the Expedition against Canada in the Year One thousand hundred and nine. . ibid.

An Act for Paying the British Officers. ibid.

An Act for Paying Fifteen hundred Ounces of Plate* for Securing of the Frontiers about Albany. . ibid.

An Act for Paying the respectiveDues in Arrear* and to be coUeHed. ibid*

An Act for making good the Publick Credit* given by an Act of General Affeittbly made in the First Tear of Her Majestys Reign* for Raising Eighteen hundred Pounds for the Vfes therein tnentionedi and for Discharging the remaining part of the Money still due on the Sum advanced upon the Credit of the said Act* with the Interest thereof. ibid*.

An Act for Preventing* Suppression* and Punishing the and LtjurreHion

of Negroes*and other Slaves.

An Act for better Repairing the Fortifications of the City of Albany, and Town of Schene&ady, and Providing their Military Watches with Fire-wood. 145

An Act to enable Mary Bratt, the Widow Johannes Bratt, late of the County of Albany, to dispose ofpart of the Lands ana Tenements formerly belonging to the said Bratt, for Payment of his Debts, and Education of his Children. ibid.

NEW YORK LAWS.

An Act to -enableWilliam Anderson to fell a Lot of Ground in Qyedi-street, the

Estate of the said William in Right of Deborah hit Wife deceased, for the ment of Debts controlled by his said Wife before their Intermarriage. Page 145

An Act that certain Monks Levied mthe Inhabitants o/Kingi-Co’unty, remain* Jng in the Hands of the Collector, be paid to the Treasurer ibid.

An Act for f.lesting or Appointing Four AJfeJfors in the City Albany.

ibid*

An Act to appoint Commissioners to Exatnine and State the Claims alledged

as Debts of the Government. , ibid.

An Act for Reviving an Act, Intituled,An Act for the better Settling the Mi-, litia of this Province, and making it more Useful for the Security and De-’ fence thereof >. and for Repealing all former Acts heretofore made in this Pro- vince relating to the fame.' 14

An Act for the Treasurer s Paying Two hundred and fifty Ounces of Plate to his Excellency, and that Colonel Peter SchuylerV the Treasurer for Oner hundred Pounds formerly allowed him. ibid.

An Act for Repealing part of a Clause in an Act, Intituled, An Act for the more . ef&dual Preservation of Deer, and other Game, and the Destruction of Wolves, Wild Cats, and other Vermin.; 147

An Act to Impower Frederick Phillipfe, a Minor, to remove Kings-Bridge. a . inore commodious.Place, and for Confirming the Toll, thereof. . ibid.

An Act Reviving and Continuing an Act, An Act for the better Set*

tling the Militia of this Province, and making it more Useful for the Security and Defence thereof; and for Repealing all former Acts heretofore made in this.

Province relating to the fame. 149

An Act for a Supply to be granted to Her Majesty for Supporting the Government.

j ibid.

An Act to takeaway Doubts and Scruples relating to the Letting of the Excise.

' ‘ ibid.

An Act for Continuing an Act, Intituled, An Act for laying an Excise on all strong . Liquors retailed in.this.Cplony, r ibid.

An Act for % Du t chefs-Cojinty to Elect a a Treasurer, Assessors, and

Collectors. 150

' • ‘ L \

An Act for the Treasurer s'Paying sundry Sums of Money to the several Per font hereafter named. ibid.

An Act for Mending and Keeping in Repair the Post-Road from New-York rn Kings-Bridge. ibid.

An Act for laying an Excise on all firong Liquors retailed in this Colony. 152

An Act for the further Laying out. Regulating, and better ways throughout this Colony. 155

An Act for laying a Duty on Goods sold by Am ft ion. Vendue, or Outay. 157

An'-Act for the Treasurer s Paying One hundred and twenty five Ounces of Plate unto Peter van Brugh, and Hendrick Hansen, late Commissioners at

Albany. ibid.

c An

IX

Pass’d

1712.

1713.

X

/ I N D to; r:

Pass’di M Art to oblige'.the County}#? XJl&er what that County it in

1713.; - dfo*/Jacob Rutfen, 'and Adrian Geiretfe, .*« 'Page 157

<•: - '• . . .\ \.yv,.

1714* An Act for a\$upyfo to be granted to ller Majesty for Supporting the Government

for. the enfuirigTear... Y; yjp

An Act for Levying and Laying the federal Duties therein mentioned* for the Uft

■' of this Colony. ibid.

An Act for Collerting and Paying to the County-Treasurer' the Arrears of Taxer in the County of Richmond, for Defraying the publilk and necessary Charge of the - 'same County ’ ’ / - v . ibid.

An Act for the TreasurefsPaying to his Excellency a Sum of Money for Presents to the Five Nations of Indians, and for his Expence in going to Albany to treat with them. ‘ ibid.

An Act to relieve Samuel Steel, Commander of and all others

concerned in the staid Ship and Cargo, .from the Duty, of Seven and a half per Cent, imposed by an Art of Assembly made in the Twelfth Tear of Her Reign. 1 '; ibid.

An Act for Reviving an Art of General intituled,' An

Pi& to prevent Damages by Swine in the Countybf Westchester, Queens-Comty,

and the County of Richmond. ’ / ' ’ ^9;

An Act for Lfcenfing Hawkers and Pedlars within this Province for FourTedrsl'

ibid.

An Act for the Paying and Discharging the fove and Sums of Money

: claimed as Debts of this Colony, to the named > anf to

, make and enforce the Currency of Bills to the Value of Twenty

' thousand six hundred and eighty Pou, for that Purpose; also to make void

'all Claims and Demands made or pretended to be due from this Colony before the . First Day of June, One thousdna seven hundred and fourteen; and to prevent , this Colony from being in Debt for the future. ibid.

An Act for the Treasurefs Paying the Monies therein . ' 1$ j

An Act for the Treasurefs Paying the Arrears due to the Clerk and Door-keepers to ' the General AJfetnbly of this Colony, and Paying the Printers Salary. ibid.

An Act to entitle Garret De Graeuw, and his Assigns, to the Fishery cf Pprpoifes, during the Term of Seven Tears. ibid.

An Artfor Shortning of Law-Suits, and Regulating tty Practice of the Law. 196

Act Art for Appointing Commissioners to let to Farm the Excise throughout this

lony. . . x 158

An Act for Preventing the Multiplicity ,of Law-Suits. ' 199

'An Act for Regulating Fences for the everal Cities arid Counties within this

• ’ '? - ' ' ihid.

An Act for Encouraging the Indian Trade at Albany. aoi]

An

NEWiY O R K L:A W S.

xi

An Act for.the better Explaining one Act of General y, passed in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and An Act for

Payingn and Discharging the several Debts ana Sums of Money claimed as Debts of this Colony, to the several Persons therein named j and to make and enforce the Currency of Bills of Credit to the Value of Twenty seven thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, for that purpose s also to make void all Claims and Demands made or pretended to be due from this; Colo*

.. ny, before the iFirst Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and fourteen j and tp prevent this Colony from being in Debt for the future. Page 203

An Act for a Supply to be granted to Hit Mfor Supporting Hit in the Province of New-York, and for Striking Bills of Credit for. that

v *04

An Act Declaringr That all Persons of Foreign Birth, heretofore inhabiting .within tkif Colony, and dying seized of any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shallte for ever hereafter deemed, taken, and Naturalized; and for Naturalizing all Protestants of Foreign , now inhabiting Within this Ostomy* .' . . 211

An Act for laying a Duty on Goods sold by Auction, Vendue, or Outcry. 215

An Act for Appointing an Agent, and Direct the Treasurer of this Colony to pay \ the Sum of Five hundred Ounces of Plate John Champante, Agent,

" to negotiate the Affairs of this Colony at the Court of Great Britain. . - ibid.

An Act for Preferring of Oysters, ibid.

An Act to enable Sarah Crego, the JVidow of Richard Crego, late of New-York,

- Mariner, deceased, to fell aLot of Land in the said City. ibid.

An Act for declaring John Slofs Free from the Duty of . a j

An Act for Building a County-House and Prifin in Dutchess-County, within this Colony. :,;• ;' ‘ : " .ibid.

An Act for the Encouraging Navigation. uibid.

■An Act for Reviving an Act, Intituled, An Act for the better Settling the Militia of this Province, f and making it . more Ufefui for the Security and Defence thereof} and for Repealing all former Acts heretofore made in this Province relating to the fame. ibid.

V v - \

An Act for the Treasurer s Paying several Persons therein named; and for Paying the Excise in Arrear to the Treasurer. ibid.

-An Act for Continuing an Act of General Assembly, Intituled, An Act for Appoint-

ing Commissioners to let to Farm the Excise throughout this Colony. 217

An Act to relieve Robert Lurting, Vendue-M of the Province 0/New-York, from divers Penalties in a certain Act of General Assembly, made in the Twelfth . Year of Her late Majesty, Intituled, An Act for laying a Duty on Goods sold by publick Vendue or Outcry. ibid.

An Act for Repairing the County-House and in the County of tTlfler. ibid.

An Act for Relieving the Inhabitants of the Colony of South-Carolina from the Duties laid and paid in this Colony of New-York, for such Goods, Staves, 'and Merchandizes, as they Jhdl Import into this Colony during the Time of Months. ibid.

■' ‘

Pass’d

XII

INDEX to

Pass’d An Act for the better Repairing the Fortifications of the City of Albany, Providing

i^ij, their Military Watch with Fire-wood, and Discharging of other the and necessary Charges of the said City, Page . 117

An Act for the Defiroying of Wolves in the County of Orange. .218

An Act for Reviving and Continuing an An Act to prevent the

Running away of Negro Slaves out of the City and County of Albany to the French at Canada, ... ibid.

An Act for the better Repairing the Fortifications of Schenectady the County of Albany, and Providing their Military Watch with Fire-wood, . 219

An Act to oblige the Inhabitants of each particular Ward within the City of New-York, to make good their respective Quotas of all Publick Taxes, 220

An Act to exempt Hannah Martin, Dr. Christian Cooper, and Mr, George Smith, from Payment of the Tax for 'twelve Negroes Imported from South-Carolina.

ibid.

An Act for Discharging Captain Peter Vanbrugh, and Hendrick Hansen of the Qty of Albany, of, for, and concerning the , and other Stores of War, formerly in their belonging to this Colony, 221

An Act for Continuing an Act, Intituled, An Act for the easier Partition of Lands in Joynt-Tenancy, or in Common. ibid.

1716. An Act for the Treasurers Paying to his Excellency One thousand and twenty five Ounces of Silver Plate, 223

An Act for Defraying Wolves and Foxes in the County Westchester. ibid.

An Act to oblige all Vessels Trading into this Colony ( except such as are therein excepted I)to pay a certain Duty; and for the further Explanation and rendring more Effectual certain Clatifes in an Act of General of this Colony, Intituled, An Act by which a Duty is laid on Negroes, and other Slaves, Imported into this Colony. 224

An Act Nominating Commissioners to farm the Excise through the Colony, 22

An Act for Discharging Colonel Kilian Van Ranflaer, Major Dirick Weflels, and Mindert Schuyler Efdi of the City of Albany, for and concerning the

Ammunitions, and other Stores of War, formerly in their Hands, belonging to this Cclony, ibid.

An Act for the better Repairing the Fortifications of the Gty of Albany, and Providing their Military Watches with Fire-wood* ibid.

ijiy. An Act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the City of New-York, to raise the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, for altering the Course of the Common-Sewer at the Ena of the Broad-street; and for Cleansing and Scouring the Dock of this City, 229

An Act for laying a Duty on Goods sold by Auction, Vendue, or Outcry. ibid.

An Act Reviving an Act, Intituled, An Act for Encouraging the Indian Trade ox Albany. ibid.

An Act for Annexing that Part of the Manor of Livingston, which now lies in Dutcness-County, unto the County of Albany. 230

An Act for Exempting the Pink Charlotte from Paying the Duty of Tonnage. 231

An

NEW- Y lO JL K VL 3A W S.

xnt

Ah 'Act;deck*ing nSfaop now Mon the-Stocks the Conn.efticw, 'Mpng^ Pass’dl

'sing'taMzfaito bte^Kirec:Srcfctbe Duty cf {Towage* ;.f. 'Page 231'

i?» Atf 'to clear a Sloop upon the Stocks in the Province of New-York, belonging to c;Cfl/^Jolm Johhfony /r(?w rf# Vutyof Tonnage: - - ibid.

An Art declaring a Stoop' called the Good Intent, built at Newport in Rhode-

Island, belonging to MeJJieurs Benjamin Faneuil, Thomas Bayeux, Andrew 1 Frefn^u,’^ David^MinvieHe, f ree* ibid.

/fid Atf io eridble'Mtiy,the Widow and Executrix of John Corbdtt deceas'd, to

Convey and Assign a certain Dwelling-House and Tenement,' and the Ground XAhereunto belongingfifuate and being on the West-fide of the ^$ud-streetr/» the City of New-York. ibic£

An 'Artp'EkMng d CountyAioufe and Prifon /VDutchefs-County.; 1 ibidi

An (Art Reviving, <*» Art, Intituled, An Act for the better Settling the Mi-yjitla OTmi^lwViiiie^,* tmd making it more Uifeful for the Sectirity -and-De-^ fence thereof; and for Repealing all former Arts heretofore made in this Pro-

in -y u-., v;v>-a v;\

~4* Art fir^tle f(efrothing the taking of extravagan and UfitryC ' 23 5,

An jfirt fw Regulating^e Fexr^ between the City of New-York and the Island wN&iiiTI. * V-' iCi >4j .v «* .'i.

k<-^ .c^ravoil f.:; .7 zil':..y .J v. 1 it-

_ more Effectual an Art of the General

f VJ __________ AnAftTor PrevenringvSupprefling,/and P&niflt*.

•h ing the Conspiraey;'ahcblnfutt eftion oh Negrcies and other JSUves. . -‘-237

An Act ffekhurage' 'thilkfroying df Foxes And Wild Cats in Kings-Count'y)

Of Suffolk#" 01 i:; : ir

An Act for Paying the Executors of Thomas Codrington Efe the Arrears due •"‘for his Service in General Assembly, from June,

hundred and five,- till the Twenty fiventh.Day of September, Seventeen Area and eighty ~ '*' ! *' A ‘ ' ...aWA

ibid;

An Act for Exempting the Snow, or Vessel called the Leghorn, from Paying the

a

X

<An:Art for Exempting the Sloop Mary and Hannah, from Paying the Duty* of Tonnage.

*}9

‘An Art fot Paying Johannes Jansen^ D^vid Provost, and Leonard Lewis, Esqs; v. the Arrears-due co^hem:for their ]Services in the-General Assemblyi . asrRepre-- fentatives for the City and County of New-York. ibid.

ytwFariw the Excise of this V. for the Tbrm Free

An At

And to.enablethe Farmers thereof to fame*

ibid.

A* Art,EAyingfdndbtlcharging^ from tUs'tjohnj to the Per-, fa/is therein named »' and forrai^nd pmrtng into.the Hands of the Treasurer

*44

An

XIV.

'I U D JE <t '.to./ :i

Pass'd Ah Revising an Act, Intituled, An Act Prohibicingali PerfbtWj but

1719; J Parmiter and nis Assigns. to make LftifcJHack,' duting the Space of Five

Years. . ...... . Page a86

An Act to irrjeft the Property of a certain DtS&eUing-Heufey:aHd Grtfuhd^ihereunto

belonging, in the City of New-York, m Daniel Christopher the Sow of ,')Dawel Robert deceas'd, . : ‘ . ,jr:, ibioi

An Act for the further Enabling ThomasAVhitehead to sett Anddisposevf fame

part of the Lands^ devised to him by his. Father, the Limitation of a

general Entail t\u :vui w ~ ibich

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Raw Hides fr'A; ibid*

...K: i-nu’A \p v 'l

•tyiB, An Act to prevent finallStallions running at , and tog/dd aM<Iforfis under

the Size therein mentioned, >- , - " a8j

jAn^A&for an Allowance to the

An Act for Granting to the Freeholders and Inhabit anti efthe precinct-of CatSkill and Coxhadtey in the Gfunty Albany, 4^ Privilege of ^kitfingj.faply, a Su-

' -pervitin\' c' ‘ ‘ ' ,'v- ibid.

Act for Reviving and Continuing an Act of treheralAjfembly, JInhttde4, fiA $fit for Licensing Hawker? and Pedlars within this Province. *1" ‘ " 28$

'jfr.Mfir Agmom Caron,:Abraham

Henricus Bod, Ja0>busJ&ir, Jan Pit, Samuel;I^star4s. " v’'

An Act for the Reviving an Act of General Assembly, Intituled, Ar^Act frt th^ better Settling the Militia of this Ptdvincei and nuking it mo^jefu£ for the Security and Defence thereof. ' 285

;An Act for Efiablishing Pilotage*

f.

., v.z

A

An Act for Encouraging the Returning of Neat Cattle and Sheep to thelrbwnersl

An Act Repealing that part of an Act, Intituled, An Act for Reftraiun^ the taking of Extravagant and Excessive Usury, whereby was feauted to Six

per Cent. pet AnnUm. ^ •. l-r:. v a8§

An Act for Reviving an Act cf General Assembly, Intituled, An Act for the easier . Partition ofiand^in joynfc*Tenancy, for in Common,.land making "the fame -. more Ufeftland Effectuilfcr the Purposes therein’mentioned. ’289

An Act for the Explaining of certain Clauses in one Act of the if this Colmey, Intituled, An Act for ja Supply to.be granted co H Majesty .—ter the Supporting His Government In. the Province of 'Newrlfark, : and for Striking Bills of Credit for that Purpose, passed in the fear Seventeen hundred and fifteen; and for the Fdcplaimnjg^t&in Qauses if the-General

Assembly of this Colony,made in the Pear Seventeen hundred -

‘ tuled. An Act to oblige aliydfeis Trading'into this Colony ( except such as are therein excepted j to pay‘a certain Duty; and for the hirther Explanation and making more Effectual certain'Qauses in an Act by which* a Duty is i laid on all Negroes and other Slaves Imported into this Colony. ibid.

An

IV

NEW-YORK LAWS.

An Act to enable the 7 reasurerof this Colony to remit Ambrose Philips Esq; the Pass’d

Sum of One hundred eighty [even Ounces and one half of Elate, for the Service of j 718.

this Colony, Page 291

An Act for Paying the Quantity of Fifty three Ounces and one half of Plate unto Johannes Van Zant, and the Quantity of Tw Ounces and one half of Plate unto Willempie Uytden Bogart, Widow, ibid.

An Act for Settling the Boundaries between the Lands granted by Patent unto Cornelius Coel, Adrian Gerritfe, Matthias Ten Eyck, Jacobus Du Bois, Johannes Schipmoes, Roeloff Swartwont, Cornelius Lammerfe, Peter Pieterfe, Lawrence Ooufterhout, and lannetfe Newkirk, , lying and being in the county of Ulster, commonly called the Town o/Hurley, and toe Lands granted by Patent unto Colonel Henry Beekman, Captain Thomas Garton, and Captain Charles Broadhead, Trustees for and on the behalf of the Inhabitants of the Town of Marble-Town in the county of Ulster aforesaid, ibid.

ACTS

[Much junk removed.]

ACTS passed by the General Assembly of the Colony of New-York, in Anno Dom.

1691. in the Third Year of King William and Queen Mary.

An Act for Quieting and Settling tie that lave lately

r happened within this Province, and fir Establishing and -

ring Tlerr Majesties present Governmentaga 'mft tie like

; orders for tie future

OR ASM UGH as the Good and Quiet, Ease, Profit, Benefit* and Advantage of the Inhabitants within this Province doth chiefly consist in, arid altogether rely and depend upon their bearing true Faith and Allegiance unto Their Majesties Crown of England, which is, and can only be the Support and De-

fence of this Province : And whereas the late hasty and in-considerate Violation of the fame, by the setting up a Power over Their. Majesties Subjects, without Authority from the Crown of hath vitiated and debauched the Minds of many People, &c. and hath also brought great Waste, Trouble and Destruction upon the good People of this Province, Their Majesties Loyal Subjects : For the Prevention whereof, in time to comp. Be it therefore Enabled and Ordained by the Governor and Council, and Representatives met in General Affernbly, and it is hereby Enabled, and Ordained by the Authority of the f, That there can be no Power

and Authority held and exercised over Their Majesties Subjects in this Their Province and Dominion, but what must be derived from Their Majesties, Their Heirs and Successors. And we do hereby Recognize, and Acknowledge, That Their Majesties William and Mary, are, and as of Right they ought to be by the Laws of the Realm of England,our. Leige Lord and Lady, King and Queen of England, France and Ireland, and the Dominions, thereunto belonging, &c.

That thereby Their Princely Persons are only inVefted with the Right to Rule this Their Dominion and Province, and that none ouehtpr. can have Power, upon any Pretence whaifoevrr,'~ro ule onexercise'any Power over Their Subjects in this Province, but by Their immediate Authority under Their Broad Seal of Their Realm of England, as now Establi fil’d.

N.B. The remaining part of this Act is Repealed by special Dir eft ion from Her Majesty Queen Anne, by an Act of 'Affernblypag in the Third Tear of Her-Reign, Fob

A Act

1

Anno Regni Tertio Gulielmi & Marias.

Repealed An Act declaring what are the Rights and Privileges of Their

ti Maytxfy,. Majesties SuhjeBsinhabiting within Their Province of New-

York.

.;j ^Forasmuch as the Representatives of this Their Majesties Province cf fjeifl-York, now convened in General Assembly,' a^deeply (enfible of Thbfr — f Majesties most' grxa°u$ Favour* tdReftoAfig \o> them, shed^ndotjbted Rights and Privileges o t'Englishmen,by declating .TTneir Royat Will and Plea-fur e In 'Their Letters Patents to his Excellency,* Whom they- have •appointed Their Captain General and Governor in Chief over thisyTbeif Province,’ he flould, with the Consent of Their Counfrom need, flail

quire, summon and call General Assemblies^of being Free-bolderry

according to the Usage of Their Majesties other Plantations in America; And that t(iis ijioft Excellent Cotiftitytion, so necessary, find fonmeh e(lfemed by our \ ‘Ancestors, may ever continue unto Their Majesties1 ;Subject$ within' this Then-Province of fwew-Torh, the Representatives of- thk' Their Majesties Province, .convened in General AflemHy, d^ wi^i^ and:.§pbniillicyt}’, bdjrtbly.stray. That the Rights, Liberties, Privileges, and Franchises?, dccOrdi^gv to the Laws and Statutes of Their Majesties Realm of England, ‘may be confirmed unto Their Majesties most Dutiful and Loyal Subjects inhabiting within this Their Province of New-York,by Authority of this General Assembly, Be it Enabled by tie

Governor, Council, and Representatives suet in General and it is hereby

Entiled and Declared by the Authority of the same, That the Supreme Legislative Power and Authority, under Their-Majesties William and Mary, King and Queen of England, &c. shall for ever he and reside in a Governor in Chief and Council appointed by Their Majesties, Their Heirs and Successors, and the People, by their Representatives, met and convened in General Assembly. That yhe Exercise and Administration of the Government over the said Province, fhalk purfyant to Their Majesties Letters Patents, be in the said Governor irt Chief and Council, with whose Advice and Consent, or with at least Five of them, he is to rule and govern the fame, according to ihe Laws: thereof and for any Pefe<ft therein, according to the Laws cf Eflg/dW, ind not othervfcife. That jin case the Governor in Chief Should die, or be absent out of this Province, and that there be no Person within the Paid Province commissionated by Their Majesties, Their Heirs or Sticceflors, to be Governor >or Commander in Chief. That then the Ccmncil for die time being, or so many of them as are irt the said Province, do take upon, them the Acftninistration of the Government, and the Execution of the Laws thereof, and Powers and Authorities belonging to the Governor in Chief and Council j the First in Nomination irt which Council is to preside until the said Governor shall return and arrive in the said Province again, or the Pleasure of Their Majesties, Their Heirs and Successors, he further fc#»wn. : i -

_ .That for the good Government and Rule of Their Majesties Subjects, a SeUU fm* of a General Assembly be held in this; Province once every Year. That every Free-holder within this Province, and Free-man In any Corporation, shall have his free Choice and Vote in the Electing of the Representatives, without any manner of Constraint or Imposition j and that in all Elections, the Majority of Votes shall carry it. And by [Eree-hdders} is. to be understood every one who shall have Forty Shillings per Annum inFree-hold. -

That the Persons to be elected to fit as Representatives in the General Assembly, from time to time, for the several Cities, Towns, Counties, Shires, Divisions, or Manors of this Province, and all Places within the same, shall be according to the Proportion and dumber hereafter expressed, that is to say,

For

Jrmo Regn’t TertioGulielmi Markfe.

For the City and County of New-York, Fdur. ' For the County of Suffolk Two. For Qyeens-County> Two. . For Kings-County^ Two. For the County of Richmond, Two. For the County of Westchester, Two. For the CoUntyof Ulster, Two. For the City and County of , Two. Fdr' the Manor Ranjlaerwick One. And for Dukes-^Comiy, Two. And as many more as Their Majesties, Their Heirs and Successfors, shall think fit to Establish.1 That all' Peri Tons chosen and assembled, in manner aforesaid, or the major part of them, shall be deemed and accounted the Representatives of this Province in General AA-fembly. That the Representatives, convened in General Assembly, may appoint their own Times of Meeting, during their Sessions, and may Adjourn their House, from time to time, as to them shall seem meet and convenient'. That the said Representatives, as aforesaid convened, are the foie Judges of the Qualifications of their own Members, and likewise of all Under-Elections; and only, from time tO time, purge their House, as they shall see Occasion. That no Member Of the General Affemhly, or their Servants, during the time bf their Sdfioiis, arid whilst they are going to and returning from the said Af&mbty, shall be Arrested, Sued, Irapriibned, or ahy way Molested or Troubled, nor be compelled to make answer to any Suit, BiHj Plaint, Declaration, or otherwise f Citfes of High-Treason and Felonyf only excepted.) That all Bills agreed uponVy the said Representatives, or the major, part of them, shall be: preferiteduntd the Governor and Council for their Approbation and Cohfent. All artd every which said Bills, so approved of and consented to by the Governor and Council, shall be - esteemed and accounted the Laws of this Province. Which said Laws shall continue and remain in Force, until they be di&llowed by Their Majesiie&j Their Heirs or Successors, or expire by their own Limitation. That in all Cafes of Death or Absence of any the said Representatives, the Governor for the time being, shall issue out a Writ of Summons to the respective Cities, Towns*' Counties, Divisions or Manors, for which he or they so deceased or absenit, were chosen. Willing and Requiring the Freeholders of the same to Elett others in their place and stead,; r ... o .;l,

• That no Free-man shall be Taken, or Imprisoned, Or be deprived: of his Freehold or Liberty, or free Customs, or Out-lawed, or Exiled, or any other ways Destroyed; nor shall be Faffed upon. Adjudged >o^ Condemned, butby-th^ lawful Judgment of his Peers, and by the Law of this Province;. . i , Justice nor Right shall be neither fold, denied or delayed to any Perjoivwirhin this Province. •* .• > . .* . • hv'O

- That no Aidj Tax, Talliage or Custom, Loan, Benevolencd, 'Gift, Excise, Duty or Impafition whatsoever, shall be Laid, Asseffed, ImpOfed^ Levied or Required of or bn any of Their Majesties Subjects within this Province, &c. oi their Estates, upon any mafiner of Colour or Pretence whatsoever, but by the Ad and Consent of the Governor and Council, and Representatives of the People in General Assembly met and convened. 1

That no Man, of what-Estate or Condition soever, shall be prat out of hia Lands,. Tenements, nor Taken, nor iriiprisoned, nor Disinherited, notBanished, nor any ways I>ettroyed or Molcftacb without first Nrinfl hgotight to answer by due Course of Law. '

That a Free-man shall not be Amerced for a finall Fault, but after the manner of the Fault, and for a great Fault after the Greatness thereof saving to him his Free-hold; and a Husband-man, saving to him his Wainagejnd a Merchant^ saying to him his Merchandise; and hone of these Amercements' shall be Affef- fed, but by the Oath of TvyelVe hoheft: arid lawful Men of the Vicinage, Freu rvided, the Faults and Misdemeanors be anti in Contempt! of Courts of Judicature^ All Trials Bull be by the Verdict of Twelve Men, and as near as may be, Peers and Equals, and of the Neighbourhood of the Place where the Fads shall arise> or grow, whether the fame be by Indictment, Declaration, Information, or ©ifterways, against the Person Offender or Defendant.

That

4

Atmo Regki Tertio Gulielmi & Marise.

, That in all Cafes Capital and Criminal, there shall be a Grand Inquest, whb shall first present the Offence, and then Twelve good Men of the Neighbourhood to try the Offender, who, after his Plea to the Indictment, 'shall be allowed his reasonable Challenges.

That in all Cafes whatsoever. Bail by sufficient Sureties shall be allowed and taken* unless for Treason and Felony, plainly and specially expressed and mentioned in the Warrant of Commitment > and that the Felony be such as is re-strained from Bail by the Laws of England. -- That no Free-man shall be compelled to receive any Soldiers or Mariners, except Inn-holders, and other Houses of publick Entertainment, who are to .Quarter, for Ready Money, into his House, and there suffer them to sojourn against their Wills, provided it be not in time of actual War within this Pro-yince.

That no Commission for proceeding by Martial Law, against any of Their Majesties Subjects within this Province, &c. shall issue forth to any Person or Per+ ions whatsoever, left by Colour of them any of Their Majesties Subjects bede-stroyed or put to death, except all such Officers and Soldiers as are in Garrisonj and in Pay during the time of actual War.

: That all the Lands within this Province shall be esteemed and accounted Lands of Free-hold and Inheritance, in free and common Soccage, according to the ^Tenure of East-Greenwich in Their Majesties Realm of England*

[ . That no Estate of a Feme Covert shall be fold or conveyed, but by Deed acknowledged by her in fame Court of Record, the Woman being secretly,ex-i amined, if she doth it freely, without Threats, or Compulsion of her Husband.; That all Wills, in Writing, attested by Three or more credible Witnesses, shall be of the feme Force to convey Lands, as other Conveyances, being Proved and Registred in the :proper Offices in each County, within Days after the Testators Death.

v That all Lands and Heritages within this Province and Dependencies, shall be .free from all Fines, Licences upon Alienations, and from all Heriocs, Ward-ships. Liveries,. Primiers Seizins, Year, and Day, and Waste, Escheat and Forfeiture upon the Death of Parents and Ancestors, Natural, Unnatural, Casual or Judicial, and that for ever. Cafes of High-Treason only excepted.

That no Person, of what Degree or Condition soever throughout this Province* chosen, appointed or commissionated to officiate or execute any Office or Place, Civil or Military, within this Province, &c. shall be capable in the.Law to take upon him the Charge of such Place before he hath first taken the Oaths appointed by Act of Parliament to be taken in lieu of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and subscribe the Teft.

That no Person or Persons which profess Faith in God by Jesus Christ his only Son, shall at any time be any way molested, punished, disturbed, disquieted, or called in question for any Difference in Opinion, or Matter of Religious Concernment, who do not under that Pretence disturb the Civil Peace of the Province, &c. And that all and every such Person and Persons may, from time to limey and at all times hereafter, freely have and fully enjoy his or their Opinions, Perswasions and Judgments in Matters of Conscience and Religion, throughout all this Province; and freely meet at convenient places within this Province, and there worship according to their respective Perswasions, without being hin-dred or molested, they behaving themselves peaceably, quietly, modestly, and religiously, and not using this Liberty to Licentioufnels, nor to the civil Injury or outward Disturbance of others. Always Provided, That nothing herein mentioned or contained shall extend to give Liberty to any Persons of the Rotnish Religion to exercise their manner of Worship, contrary to the Laws and Statutes of Their Majesties Kingdom of England.

- i

5

*s*r

Anno Regni Tertto t5ulielitii; & Maria?.

4% \Act fit. Settlings Quieting* and Confirming, % the Citks9 Left Proh*-.

Towtisy\Manorsy and FrAe-holders. thiiPftftirrce, theirtionaty* fiveral Grants^Ratetfsj, mdsRigbts>irespectively^'» V.

iQrafrmjch as the many Changes,.- Alterations, jlnd Disturbances, that h'avfe been lately given unto Their tylajesties Subjects inhabiting-within this Their Province, hath and dothvery: much discourage the Settling, Improving, and the Growth and Strength thereof j - and that it is now absoluteljr necessary,: for, the quieting and fapsfying,Their Majesties good Subjects Within the feme,' that the Right? and Privileges formerly held by and granted -to-the respective Cities, Towns, Manors, and)Free-holdets within this Province, should be now' Ratified apd Confirmed, jBe it therefore Hnaded by the Governor, Council^ and Representatives convened in General Assembly, and it is hereby ppa^ed and Declared by the Authority of the' fame. That all the Charters, Patents, and Grants* made, given,-and granted, and well and truly executed Under the Seal of this Province, Constituted and Authorized by Their late dnd pres^nt Majesties, thp; Kings of Englapdyand Registred in the Secretary's-Office, unto the several and respective Corporations or; Bodies Politick of the Citipsy Towns, and ^Manors,; gnd also to the several and respective Freeholders:withirt this Province, are and shall for ever be deemed, esteemed, and reputed good and effe$uai Charters, / Patents, and Grants authentick in thfe Law, against Their Majesties, Their Heirs, and Successors, for ever* notwithstanding the Want of Form in the Law, or; the Non-feizance of any Right, Privilege, or Custom, which ought to have been 'done heretofore by the Constitutions- and Directions Contain’d in the respective Charters, Patents, and Grants alOresaid.

And be it further Enacted, &c. That all the Charters, Patents, and Grantsy made, given, and granted, as aforesaid, unto all and every the several and respective Corporations or Bodies Politick of the Cities, Towns, and Manorsy and their Successors, and also unto all and every the several and relpe£fciv6 Freeholders, their Heirs and Assigns for ever within this Province, are, to'all Intenti and.Purposes whatsoever, hereby Ratified and Confirmed, to Have, Hold,' Exercise, Occupy, Possess, and Enjoy all their and every of their former Rights, Customs, Prerogatives, Privileges, Preheminencies, Practices,. Immunities, Liberties, Francjhifes, Royalties, and Usages; whatsoever, in-: as. full and ample. Manner as if none of these Changes, Alterations, Disturbances, Want of other Forms in the Law, or the Non-feizance of any Rights, Privileges, or Customs of any of the Corporations aforesaid, had never happened, or been neglected; Any thing herein contained, or in any other Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Provided, That nothing herein contained Hull be construed or taken to bar any Person or Persons of his or their former and just, Right or Pretences to any House, Tract,'. or Parcel of Latid within, this Province. Always; provided, That he or they ’that, have any fudi just Right or Pretence, do make his or their Claifn within the space of Five Years next after the Date hereof. And also provided, That nothing herein contained shall be intended or construed to the Prejudice or Hindrance of the Title or Claim of any Person under Age, Feme Covert, Compos , Imprisonpieat} or beyond the Sea.

6

■sate

Regxi Tertio Gulwlmi & Msirkfc.

j4# for the Enabling each Town within this Pro-

vinceto Regulate their Fencesand Highways, and make pru-

dential Orders for their Peace and orderly

"Hems the respective Towhs within this Province, &c. are fof pirf cumfhnced as to have different and distinct Ways in thei# Improvements of Tillage and Pa&urage1, and that it is altogether fieeessary; that they may be qualified and made capable in the Law to rtufke such pru4 dential Rules and Orders for the better Improvement of their respective* Towns, and the Regulating their Fences and High-ways accordingly } Be hf therefore Enacted by the Governor and Council, and the Representatives met in General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That the fteeJ holders of every respective Town within this Province are hereby Impowered and Authorized to Meet and Assemble themselves together at such Times and Places as are appointed and expressed in their respective Grams ’and Patents i and when so Assembled, to Make, Establifo, Conftkute, and Ordain, frorri time to time, such prudential Orders and Redes, for the better Improving their respective Lands in Tillage, Pafhirtge, or in any otheir reasonabie1 Way, as mall, by die Majority of Freeholders so Assembled, as aforesaid,; be thought good arid convenient.

And also. When the Free-holders of each tfespective Town within this Province are Assembled, as aforesaid, they are hereby further Authorized arid Impowered to Nominate and make Choice in each of their respective Townsji annually, and once every Year, Three Persons to be Surveyors and OrdererS of the Work, for the Laying but and the Amendment of me High-ways and Fences within the Bounds and Limits of their respective Towns within this Province; which .Periods, so nominated and thofen, shall take upon them the said Office, and are hereby Impowered to Lay out. Set forth. Regulate, and Amend all stich High-ways and Fences as shall be established, in such Manner, Form, and Way, as shall be agreed upon and directed by the Majority of the Free-holders of each respective Town,; as aforesaid. Always provided^ That such Orders as are made, conformed, and ordained, shall be kept and regifored in the Towns Books for that purpose, and consented to and approved by the next Court of Sessions of the Peace in the Counties where the respe- diye Towns are, otherwise to be of no Force or Virtue whatsoever.

Ibid.m.

An Act for Defraying the P and Charge

throughout this Provmcey and for Mcuntaming the &>of} and

Preventing Vagabonds*

.. G

Flrasmuch as it is necessary that each respective County within this Province should have Power to establish a Rate for the Defraying of their respective and publick Charge, Be it therefore Enacted by the Governor, Council, and Representatives convened in General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That there be Elected and Chosen annually, ana once every Year, in each respective Town within this Province, Two Free-holders, who are hereby Impowered to Assess and Establish a certain Rate upon each of the Freeholders and Inhabitants within their respective Towns} which Assessment, or

certain

i nr. if

Anno Regni Tertio Oulielftii & Maria?,

certain Race, shallr upon a certain Day, as the Inhabitants of the respective Towns shall appoint, be delivered to a certain Freeholder, which shall be like wife chosen in each respective Town aforesaid, to Supervife and Examine the publick and necessary Charge of each respective County. Which Persons, so duly chosen, shall Elect and Constitute a certain Treasurer for each respective County, which Treasurer shall make such Payments for the Defraying of all the publick and necessary Charge of each respective County, as shall be appointed and ordered by. die Persons lb chosen for‘the SuperviCfig thepublickjCharges of each respective County. " ' 1

And be it further provided, d?c. That any such Assessment of Rate, njatfe, ordained, -of appointed'by the Persons so chosen, shall be colIe#ed;ahd gathered by the Constable, or any other Person chosen or appointed thereunto j as also, if any Person or Persons fltiH refuse to pay the said Assessment 6r Rate, that it may be lawful for them tbit'are chosen, as aforesaid, and they are hereby Authored to issueonr their Warrants to the Constable, under the it Hands and Seals, of any other Persons appointed by them, to collect and levy the feme by Distress on theit Goods and Chattels. . ' . 1

- And Be it further Enacted, &c: That the Xreasurerof each respective County within this Province, shall keep a distinct Book of AGConipts, containing, a par* tktdan Attempt of all the Money, Rates, arii Affeflfmerits aforesaid, "and also of all Dfsbursements and Payments by 'Urarrant aforesaid., and once ev^ty Yeat be shall bring in his' Accompts to such Persons as shall fee appointed foi the

Audit of the fame, under the Penal tyof One hundred Pound,1 dxcept prevented by Death or Sicknefsi - } *' . - v -

And further. Whereas it is the Giiftom and Practice -of Their Majesoes Realm of EnglandV and all the adjachtit Colonies in That eVOiy rt*

foedive Town and Parish doth ’take care and' prOyide for the Poor, who do inhabit in their respective Pdecinds, as aforesaid--Therefore it: is Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the time to come, - the refeediv^ Tree* holders, elected and chosen, as aforesaid, in every Town, Parish, and Pre-cind, mall make provision for the Maintenance and Support of their Poor respectively.

And for the Prevention and DiscouVagement of "Vagabond^ arid idle Persons to come into this Province from other Pajts, aptf also from ape part of the PrtV vince to another. Be it Enacted, _£rc.That all Perfqps that shall come to" mfiab bit within this Province, of any Tart of Place thereof, and hath not a yifiblb Estate, or hath not a manual Occupatjop, Bull, before he be admitted an Jobs- '■ bitant, give sufficient Surety, That he shall not,be a Burden of; Charge to the respective Place he shall come to inhabit. Which Security shall continue for Two Years.

Provided always, That all thofethat Have' manual Crafts of Occupations, may at all times come and inhabit in any place rvvkhiii this Province:, and bt always admitted, provided he make Application within: Eight Days alter his Arrival in any City, Town, or County, as aforesaid, unto such Person of Perj-(bns as are appointed for Governing the respective Pans. ’ ’ I

And also. All Vessels that shall Bring any Paf&Hgers into this Province, the Mailers of such Vessels flrall, within Pour and twenty Hours after Arrival, bring a List of fetch Passengers he brings into the Province, with their Qualiry and Conditions, unto the chief Magistrates of each respective City, Town, oi* County, as aforesaid, tinder the Penalty df Ten Pounds, current Money of this Province.

Always provided. That if any Vessel bring in any Person, as aforesaid, not able to give Surety for their Well-Demeanour, that then, and in such Case, that the Mailer of such Vessel or Vessels shall be obliged toTransport all such to the Place from whence they came, or at least out of this Province and Dependencies.

v And

8

Anno Regni Tertio Gulielmi & Marine.

And also, If any Vagabonds, Beggars, or others, remove C om one Town to another, and cannot give Security, as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to the Con-liable to return such Persons to the Town from whence they came.

&52Si

Confirmed

An Act to eafi People that are Scrupulous in Swearing.

•*,/.))? ‘ 1 -'Forasmuch as there are sundry Persons within this Province and Dependencies, out of a tender Conscience refuse to give their Evidence jon Oath in any Matter or Thing depending in any of the Courts within the feme j Be it therefore Enabled by the Governor and Council, and Representatives now met in General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That , in such case the Person or Persons so refilling the feme, shall give in or deliver their Evidence or Testimony in manner and form,following, that is to fey, IA.B. do solemnly prom if e, as in the Presence d God, to the

and nothing but the Truth, to the Matter or Thing in •. i

And be it further Enacted,* &crThat if any such Person or Persons so refusing, as aforesaid, shall be Summoned to serve upon any Jury iu any: Court within this Province, then such Person pj Persons shall make the Engagement following, that is to fey, / A.B. do solemnly promise, as in the that I will well and truly try the Ijfue between C.D. and fit I. Defend

dant, according to Evidence. Ana in case any such Person or Persons so called

to .Evidence, and to serve . upon any Jury, and declaring, as aforesaid, shall afterwards be £onvided of wilful, FaHhpod, that then, and in such case, such Persons shall undergo the; fenqe Punishment as in case of wilful Perjury is ap- and

Expired,

There was also Puff'd (it t.he fame time these following Acts, Viz.

N A dfor Establishing Courts of Judicature for thO Ease and Benefit of each respective City,* Town, and County within this Province, for Two Years. :

An Act for Railing of Two thousand Pounds for Paying and Defraying the Incident Charges, according to Establishment, of One hundred Fuzileers, with their proper Officers, for One whole Year. - -•1

."An Act for Settling the Militia. ol.

An Act for the Allowance to thfc Representatives. Vide Fol.

An .Ad to Enable the City and County of Albany to Defray their necessary 'Charge.; : ;'

An Act for Establishing a: Revenue for:the Defraying the publick Charge of Repealed. the Province, for Two Years.

An Act to Enable his Excellency to Defray his extraordinary Expence, and to Indemnifie the Collector for the Receipt of several Sums of Money on Pretence of Cuftoin and Duty.

An Act for Pardoning such as Eave been active in the late Disorders.

ACTS

9

‘ X

- ~ m-gJ*

A C T S palfed by the General Assembly £jf the Colony of New-York, in firi

v the Third Yeafr of Their Majesties Reigp.

WHEREAS the City of , and Metropolis of th|s

Province, was chiefly Erected by the Inhabitants thereof for the Propagating and Encouragement of Trade and Commerce, and fof the Good, Benefit, and Welfare of Their Majesties Subjects inhabiting within this Province. And fptasmuch as it is very necessary for Traffick and Commerce, that Buildings, Streets, Lanes, Wharfs, Docks, and Allies of the said City be conveniently regulated with Uniformity, for the Accommodation of Habitations,' Shipping, Trade, and Commerce; and that all Impediments an£l Obstructions that, may retard so necessary a Work, may be removed .Be it Ey-^acted by the Commander in Chief, and Council, ana Representatives met m General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council of the said City, shall and may, at their Will ami Pleasure, Elect, Nominate, or Appoint One or more diltreet and intelligent Person or Persons to be the Surveyors or Supervisors of their Buildings, Streets, Lanes, Wharfs, Docks, and Allies, and to see that the Buildings, Streets, Lanes, Wharfs, Docks, and Allies of the said City, be conveniently regulated with Uniformity, for the Accommodation of Habitations, Shipping, Trade, and Commerce, according to such Rules and Orders of Building, and laying out of iStreets, Lanes, Wharfs, Docks, and Allies, as shall be established by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council of the said City, who ate hereby Authorized and Impowered to make such Rules and Orders for the better Regulation, Uniformity, and Gracefulness of such New Buildings as shall bp tredted for Habitations, and also of such Streets, Lanes, Wharfs, Docks, and Allies, as shall be found convenient for the Good of the Inhabitants. And it shall be lawful for the Mayor, Aldermen, and the Common-Council, or for the Mayor and Aldermem in their 'Court, to administeran Oath upon the holy Evangelists, unto the Surveyors or Supervisors, of the true and impartial Execution of their Office in; that behalf.

And whereas in the laying out of the new Lots for Buildings, some Contro-verfie may arise, by a Lot or Lots of Ground, which, if built upon, would be very incommodious and prejudicial to one of the principal Streets of this City, and hurtful to the Trade and Health of the Inhabitants, Be it therefore Enacted, &c. That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Chuncil of the said City, for the time being, in Common-Council assembled, shall and may, and are hereby Impowered and Required to obstruct any Building or Buildings

C i - "• - that'

ao Anno Regrit Tertio Gulielmi & Marias.

that may narrow the said Street, or any other Streets within the said City. And •the laid Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council, shall and may, by Virtue ;of this present Act, continue the said Street, commonly called T Broad Street, .according to its present Dimensions j and if in the doing thereof, or in the laying out for. the future any Streets, Lanes, Wharfs, Docks, or Allies, and they do take any Persons Ground, they are to give Notice to the Owners or Parties interested in the Ground, to be so taken for the Intent, as aforesaid. And to r\thejend that reasonable S?tisfaftioa may be riven for all such Ground as fh&il 'he taken'and employed for the Ufeaforefua, the Commander ip^Chief, and iCfoyHciU j may assess the Value of the Lots now in ControverGe $ and for other Ground* the Mayor, Aldermen, and -C^imoo-tfouncil, shall’and may treat and agreejwith the Owners, and others Interested therein f and if there be any Person that shall refuse to treat in manner aforesaid, that in such case the Mayor lkhd Aldermen in their Court, are hereby Authorized, by Virtue of this Act, to issue out a Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the said City, who is hereby required to Impannel and Return a Jury before the said. Coujtt of Mayor ° -gm Aldermen: Whichjnry, upon their Oaths, to beadministred'by the said : 1 ‘ ' "'Court, are to enquire andaffefs such Damages and Recompenfo as they'shall judge fit, to be awarded to the Owners', and others interested, according to their several and respective Interests and Estates of any such Ground, or aw part thereof for their respective Interests and Estates in thej fame, as by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council shall be adjudged fit to be converted to the Purposes aforesaid; and such Verdict of the jury,- and J^dgm^dk of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen thereupon, and the Payment ofihp 'said Sum and Sums of Money so awarded or adjudged to the Owners, or others ,having Estate or Interest, or Tender* or Refusal thereof, shall be binding* tp . all Intepts and Purposes, against the said Parties, their Heirs, Executors, Ady :ttiinistrators, and Assigns, ? and all others claiming any Title and Interest to tbf laid Ground, and shall be a full Authority to the said Mayor,- Alderm^n, an4 Common-Council, to cause the said- Ground to be convened’and pfed for.tfye ‘Purposes aforesaid; any thing contrary herein, or in any other Law to.thy ‘contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

‘ And forasmuch as the Filth and Soil of the said City, lying in the publxck Streets thereof, doth often prove a common Nusance upto the Inhabitants and 'Traders to and from the said City, and very prejudicial to their Health; Fof the Removal thereof. Be it further Eqafted, &c. That die Numbers and Places ‘for all common Sewers, Drains, and Vaults, and the Order and Manner of "Paving and pitching the Streets, Lanes, and Allies of the said City, shall by designed andfet out by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council of the said City, together with the said Surveyors or Supervisors appoihted in manner aforesaid; and when they Assemble, mail have Power and Authority to order and direct the making of Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, or to cut into any Drain or Sewer already made, and for the Altering, Enlarging, Amending, Qeanfingj and Scouring of Vaults, Sinks, or common Sewers. And for the better effoft; ing thereof it shall and may be lawful tp and for the said Mayor, Akfermeh, and Common-Council, together with the .Surveyors and Supervisors, at xheir laid Meeting, to impose any reasonable. Tax upon all Houses within the said City, in Proportion to the Benefit they shall receive thereby, for and towards the Making, Cutting, Altering, Enlarging, Amending, Cleansing, and Scouring all and singular the said Vaults, Drains, Sewers, Pavements, and Pitching aforesaid. And in Default df Payment of the said Sum to be charged, it malt and may be lawful to and forthie said Mayor and Aldermen, &c. so Authorized* as aforesaid, by Order of Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to ley, the said -Sum and Sums of Money, so assessed* by Distrefe and Sale of the Goods of the Parties chargeable therewith, and refilling or neglecting to pay.the feme, rendring the Overplus, if any be. ‘

: J Always

ie

Anw Regni feriit? Oulifelfab® Mari&v __________

-.', Always ihovididy* and'/be it further Ena&edyt^v; That nothing hereiiV. ion-•iain’d, ihlltbe conftmedto Change* Alter, Shortep, Lengthen, Narrow* ofc •Enlarge: any‘«»f the./Streets, Allied, .-and Lanes within this City, as thdy’lftfe now laid out, and remain at the Publication hemdf > mot. to1 break cfirdh^li •any Persons Ground bow/an Fence dr JEnclosed 5 or to take away any P$8qiis House or Habitations > any thing herein contained-to the contrary Hereof drfitrty urifonotwnhftandirig. -•';’. t; ^' jC> 1

-:v

' tv

An Act to clhiiile this Province and Dependencies into Shires

:I

rtu.'U

, ^Offlfmuch as Mistakes mayr arise about the Limits and Bounds of the 'P' ijp^hfa'£buiitiesi within this Province jV for, prevention whprepf^,)^ ft •k"* Enacted'by the Commander inChief, and Couricil, ana Repreiejitatiyes, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Province be divided into Twelve, Counties, as iolloweth.,

• < The City and County of New-York contain all the Island commonly called Manhattans-Island,rManningSrIflmd,xh^ Tw^ Islands, and the Three OyJter-Islandsj Manhatta)is-Island to' becalledtfie City of New-York, and the

Land on the Main to the Eastward of Mdnhattans-f/land, (ds faras the-Government at present extends, and the To: And Northwards along Hudsons-River as far as the High-Lands.

The County of Uljlerto contain the Towns of Kingston, , and

Town, Foxhall, and the New Pellz, and all Villages, Neighbourhoods, and Christian Habitations on the West-fide , from the Murderers-

Creek, near the High-Lands, to the SawyersX/reek.

The County of Albany to containthe Manor of Ranflaerfwick,

and all the Villages, Neighbourhoods, and Christian Plantations on the East-fide of Hudsons-River, from the Roel of Janfens-Creek : A,nd on the West-fide,

from the Sawyers-Creek, to the uttermost Ena of

Dutches-County to fee from the Bounds of the County or , on the

South-fide of the High-Lands, along the East-fide of , as far as

Roel of Janfens-Creek: And Eastward into the Woods Twenty Miles.

The County of Orange to begin from the Limits and Bounds of East and WeJl-Jersey, on the West-fide of Hudsons-River, along the said River to the Muraerers-Creek,or Bounds of the County of Vlfter : And Westward into the Woods as far as Delaware-River,

The County of Richmond to contain, all Statten-Island, and the Islands of Meadow on the West-fide thereof.

Kings County to contain the several Towns of , Bedford, Brookland,

Flatbufh, Flatlands, Neiuwtruch, and Graves-ena, with the several Settle-

ments and Plantations adjacent.

Queens County to contain the several Towns of New-Town, Jamaica,

f, Hempstead, Oyjler-Bay, with Horse-Neck, and the several Out-Farms,

dts, ’ Sptdements, and Plantations adjacent, and the Island called the Two-others, ana Hullets-Island.

The

12 Anno Regfl 't Tertio Gulicltni & Mam,__________

0The County of Suffolk to contain the several Towns of

field, Brookhaven, Southampton, Southold, EasthamptWy to Montauk Burnt, 5 iets-island, Isle of Wight, Fishers-Jjlandwith the several Ou&-

Farios, Settlement^ and Plantations adjacent. < (:,v>

Duke 5-County to contain the Island of Nantucket, Elizabeth-

yiand, and AIp-fAans-Land,'.. __________ .* r:-; ;i

1 The County of Cornwall to contain and all the Territories: in

those Parts, with the Islands adjacent.

There'was also Pafr'd at the same time these following Viz.

N Act for Regulating Damages done in the‘time of the late piforders, /*\ and for Uniting the Minds of Their Majesties Subjects, and* for Calling home such as have absented from their Habitations, &c.

An Act for Railing One thousand five hundred Pounds, to pay One hundred : and fifty Men for Six Months, for t|ie Reinforcement of the Frontiers 'it

A

Aits Pafsd in April, 1691,

N Act for Railing One thousand five hundred Podnds, to pay Two hundred Men, for the Defence of the Frontiers, dye, -

An Act for the Destroying of Wolves, Repealed.

>7

X

X

ACTS

*3

V N

ACTS passed by the General Assembly in August and October, 1692. being the Fourth Year of Their Majesties Reign* 1

An Act for Setting Fairs and Markets.

WHEREAS great Inconveniency doth arise unto the Inhabitants of this Province, for want of certain Market-days in each respective Gity and County throughout the fame, and the Trade of the Province is like wife very much discoutaged for want thereof as well as for the want of publick Fairs in each respective Gity and County, to be heldandkept at lead once in every Year : For Remedy whereof, and that Trade and Commerce may be the better encouraged and propagated, for the Good and "Weal of all the Inhabitants aforesaid, Be it therefore Enacted by the Governor, and Council, and Representatives convened in General Assembly, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That there shall be held and kept in the respective Counties aforesaid, upon every Thursday of the Weelc at Jamaica, within Queens-County ort Long-Island, and on every Saturday of the Week at Kingston in the County of U, on every Wednesday of the Week at IVefichester in the County of Westchester> publickand open Markets^ to which Markets it shall and may be lawful for all and every the Inhabitants and Sojourners of this Province, to go, frequent, and resort, and thither to carry all fons of Cattle, Grain, Viduals, Provisions, and other Neceflaiies, together with all forts of Merchandize whatsoever, and at the publick Marketplace that shall be assigned and appointed in each respective Town aforesaid, them to expose to Sale or Barter, in Gross or by. Retail, between the Houts of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Sunset of the fame E>ay, without the Payment of any Toll, or any other Let, Hindrance, or Moleftatidn whatsoever.

, And be it further Enacted, &c. That there shall likewise be held and kept in each respective City and County throughout this Province, and at the Times and Places hereafter named, Twice yearly and every Year a Fair. To which Fairs it shall and may likewise be lawful for all and every Person or Persons, Inhabitants, Strangers, or Sojourners of this Province, dye. to the said' Place and Places, at the said Time and Times where the said respective Fair and Fairs-are to be held and kept, to go, frequent, and resort, and thither to carry, or cause to be carried, all forts of Cattle, Horses, Mares, Colts, Grain, Victuals,

Provisions, and . other Necessaries, together with all forts of Merchandize of what Nature soever, and them to expose to Sale or Barter in Gross of by Retail, at the Times, Hours, and Seasons that the Governor or Rulers of the said respective Fairs, for the time being, shall proclaim and appoint.

D And

*4

Anno Regrit Quarto Gulielmi Mariae.

And be it further Enacted, drc. That there be kept yearly, for the City and County of New-York, Two Fairs at the City of > the first Fair an-

nually to commence the last T uefdayof in every Year, and to end upon the Friday then next following, being in all Four Days inclusive, and no longer; and the second Fair to commence the first T of November in every Year, and to end upon the Friday then next following, being in all four Days inclusive, and no longer.

And also. That there be held and kept One Fair annually, and once in tlje Year, for Kings-County on Long-Island, at Flatbujh in the said County, to commence the second Tuesday of October every Year, and to end upon the Friday then next following, being in all Four Days inclusive, and no longer, 1 '

And also. That there be held and kept Twp Furs yearly for Queens-Cwnty on Long-Island; the first Fair to be held annually at Jamaica within the said County on the first Tuesday in May in every Year, and to end on the Friday then next following, being in all Four Days inclusive, and no longer; the fecona Fair to commence on the third Tuesday of , and to end on the Friday then next following, being inall Four Days inclusive, and no longer.

And also, That there be held and kept Two Fairs yearly for the County of Suffolk on Long-Island; the first Fair to be held at Southampton the first Tuesday of July in every Year, and to end on Friday then next following, being in au Four Days inclusive, and no longer; and cne second Fair at , to commence the second Tuesday of September, and to end upon the Friday then next following, being in all Four Days inclusive, and no longer.

And also. That there be held in the City and County of Albany Two Fairs yearly; the first Fair to be kept at Albany, and to commence the third Tuesday of July* and to end on the Friday then next following, being in all Four Days inclusive, and no longer. The second Fair to be held at Crawlier in wick on the third Tuesday in October, and to end on the Friday following, being ip all Four Days inclusive, and no longer.

And also. That there be held and kept Two Fairs yearly for the County of Ulster; foe first to be kept at Kingston on the third Thursday in March, and to end on the Saturday then next following, being Three Days inclusive, and no longer; and the second Fair to begin the second Thursday in , and to end on the Saturday following.

And also. That there be held and kept Two Fairs yearly for the County of

Wefichester; the first to be kept at the Town of in the said County

on the second Tuesday in May, and to end on the Friday following, being in all Four Days inclusive, and no longer. And the fecona Fair to be kept at Rye in the find County, and on the second Tuesday in October yearly, and to end foe Friday then next following, being in all Four Days, and no longer.

And also, That there be held and kept Two Fairs yearly in the County of Richmond; the first on the North-fide of the Island on the last Tuesday in June, and to end on the Friday following, being in all Four Days inclusive, and no longer; and the second Fair to be kept at the said Place on the last Tuesday in

September, and to end on the Friday then next following, being in all Four Days inclusive, and no longer. All which Fairs, at the Times and Places aforesaid, in each respective County respectively, shall be holden, together with a Court of Pypowders, and with all Liberties and free Customs to such Fairs appertaining, or which ought or may appertain, according to the Usage and Customs of Fairs holden in Their Majesties Realm of England.

And for the more regular Government of the several and respective Fairs' afore-mentioned, the Governor shall commissionate and appoint such Person or Persons m each respective County aforesaid, where such Fairs are to be holden and kept, to be Governors and Rulers of the said Bairs respectively. Which Governor or Ruler, so appointed and commkfionated as aforesaid, is hereby Authorized and Impowered to have and hold a Court of Pypowders, together

le

Anno Regni Quarto Gulielmi & Mariae. 15

with all Liberty and free Custom to such appertaining. And diat they, and every of them, may have and hold there, at their and every of their respective Courts, the said Days, from Day to Day, and Hour to Hour, from time to time, upon all Occasions, Plaints ana Pleas of a Court of Pypowders, together with all Summons, Attachments, Arrests, Issues, Fines, Redemptions, and Commodities, and other Rights whatsoever to the fame Court of Pypowders any way pertaining, without any Impediment, Let, or Hindrance whatsoever. Always Provided, That the Governor or Ruler of the said respective Fairs afofe- ' said, shall. Publish, or cause Cry and PubliiK within and without the Liberties of the said respective Fairs where they mall'hold the fame, the Time that they ought to hold it, and no longer. And that every Governor or Ruler of the respective Fairs aforesaid, at the beginning of his Fair, shall there Cry, Proclaim, and Publish how long that Fair mall endure, to the intent Merchants'and others shall not be at the fame Fairs over the Time so Published, Upon paid of being Fined for the fame : . Nor that the said Governor or Ruler shall not hold their respective Fairs over the due Time hereby limited, upon pain of Forfeiting the keeping of the said Fairs unto Their Majesties.

And for preventing of Abuse in any of the aforesaid Fairs and Markets;, Be it further Enacted, &c. That the Governor or Ruler of the respective Fairs aforesaid, shall yearly appoint and limit out a certain and special open Place within the respective Towns aforesaid, where the respective Fairs are to be held and kept, where Horses, Mares, Geldings, Colts, and other Cattle may be fold?

In which said certain and open Place, as aforesaid, there shall be, by the Governor or Ruler aforesaid, put in and appointed one sufficient Person, or more, to take Toll, and keep the same Place from Ten of the Clock in the Morning until Sunset of every Day of the aforesaid Fairs and Markets, upon pain to lose and forfeit upon every Default Forty Shillings: And that every Toll-gatherer^ his Deputy or Deputies, shall, during the Time of every the said Fairs, take the Sum of Nine Pence, as due and lawful Toll for every such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Colt, sold at the said open Place to be appointed, as aforesaid,' afld between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Morning, and Sunset of the same Day, if it be tender'd, and not at any other Time and Place and shall have present before him or them, at the taking of the fame Toll, the Parties to the Bargain, Exchange, Gift, Contract, or putting away every such Horse,

Mare, Gelding, or Colt, and also the fame Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Cok fO fold, exchanged, or put away $ and shall then write, or cause to be written, in a Book to be kept for that purpose, die Names, Sirnames, and Dwelling-places of all the said Parties, and the Colour, with one special Mark at least, of every such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Colt, on pain to forfeit at and for every Default contrary to the Intent hereof the Sum of Forty Shillings, current Money aforesaid. And the said Toll-Gatherer or Keeper of the Lid Book, shall. within'

One Day next after such Fair, bring and deliver his said Book to the Governor or Ruler of the said Fair, who shall then cause a Note to be made of the true Number of all Horses, Mares, Geldings, and Colts sold at the said Fair, and ftiafl there subscribe his Name, upon pain to him that shall make Default therein, to lose and forfeit for every Default the Sum of Forty Shillings, current Money aforesaid, and also to answer to the Parry grieved by reason of the fame his Negligence in every behalf. And the said Governor or Ruler, his Deputy or Deputies, shall take for the Entring of every Horse, Mare, Gelding, and Coir, fold in the respective Fairs, as aforesaid, for Toll of the fame, the Sum of Nine Pence, the one Half to be paid by the Buyer, and the other Half by the Seller.

Provided always, That nothing herein contained, shall be taken or construed' to infringe upon the Rights and Privileges of the Cities of New-York, and Ranjlaerfwitk; but that the Mayor and Aldermen, and the Proprietor of the Manor of Ranflaerfwick, of their respective Cities and Manor, for the time being, shall always ber purfoant to the Dire#ions of their respective Charters

and

16

Anno Regrit Quarto Gulielmi & Mariae.

and Grants, the only Rulers or Governors of the afore-mentioned Fairs to be held in their respective Cities and Manor; any thing contained herein to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding,

WHereas the Right of Orphans, and the Estate of such as die. Intestate throughout this Province and Dependencies, are often concealed* wasted, imbez.elled,'and destroyed, to the utter Ruin of many Orphans, and the Prejudice of the next oft Kin to such as die Intestate, for want of having good and ftfficient Persons in each respective County throughout the Province, for the due, and regular Enquiry after the fame; Be it therefore Enacted by the Governor,- and Council, > and Representatives convened in General Assembly, and.it is hereby Enia&ed by,the Authority of the same, That on or before the Twenty fifth Day. of March next, in the Year of o.ur Lord, One thousand six hundred ninety three,' there shall be Elected or Appointed in each respective Town throughout the .Counties within this Province, Two able and sufficient Free-holders, who shall, upon the Death of any Person or Persons jn their respective Towns, repair unto the House, Place, or Habitation where the deceased did.reside, within. Forty eight. Hours.after the Intettnent of the said deceased, and there make Enquiry, if the deceased made any Will, or had ^ny Real or Personal Estate;- not devised by him at the time of his or their •Death ,• And if upon Enquiry, that he.made.no Willi but died. Intestate, then, and in such .'case, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons, elected Or appointed jn each respective Town, as aforesaid, to make ftrid, and diligent Search and Enquiry into all the Real and Personal Estate that the said Intestate died possessea of, and the same to Inventory, and bring, or; cause to be brought unto such Person or Persons in the County where such Intestate died, who shall, by the Governor for the time being, be delegated, on purpose for iupervifing Intestates Estates, &c. in each respective County throughout the Province, and the fame with him File, declaring upon their Oaths, That the said Inventory doth contain a true and perfect Account of the said Intestates. Estate, that has come unto their Knowledge. Whereupon the Person or Per- Tons so delegated, as aforesaid, shall issue out his or their Warrant to Two good and sufficient Free-holders, inhabiting within the Town where the Intestate died, for the Appraisement of the Goods and Chattels left by the Intestate, and Inventoried, as aforesaid : And upon Return thereof to him, he shall cause the same to be secured, or fold for the most of their Value, and the Produce thereof to remain in his Hands, or put out into good and sufficient Hands, who shall be able to produce the fame again, when the next of Kin shall appear in Right to claim the fame. And if the said Intestate, at the time of his Death, did leave a Wife and Children behind him, then, and in such case, the Wife shall only have the Right of Administration upon the said Intestates Estate, as the Law doth direct, and not otherwise. But if the said Intestate did leave only Orphans behind him, and has no Relations or Kindred who will Administer upon the said Intestates Estate, then the Supervifbr of each respective County, delegated as aforesaid, shall only have the Administration and Care of the said Intestates Estate, and the same shall secure, as aforesaid, for the Use, Benefit, and Behoof of the said Orphans, and not otherwise j and the said Intestates Estate, so Inventoried, as aforesaid, shall cause to be well secured, and improved to the best Advantage, for the Behoof of the said Orphans, until they

Marry,

Anna Regrii Quarto Gulielmi & Manse. 17

Marry, or come to the Age of One and twenty Years. And that he shall U^ewife take effectual Care for the Educating and Instructing the said Orphans iji the Holy Protestant Religion, and that they be honestly maintained, according to the Capacity of the said Intestates Estate, and not otherwise.

_ And be it further Enacted, &c. That the Probate of all Wills, and Letter® of Administration, shall be from henceforth granted by the Governor, or such Person as he shall delegate under the Seal of the Prerogative-Office for that Purpose appointed. And all Wills relating to any Estate within the several Counties of Orange, Richmond, Westchester, or Kinglhall be Prov’d at New-

York before the Governor, or such Person as he shall delegate, as aforesaid.

But in regard of the Remoteness of other Counties from and to

prevent the great Charge and Inconveniencies of bringing Witnesses so for, the Court of Common-Pleas in each of these remote Counties, are hereby Im-, powered and Authorized to take the Examination of Witnesses to any Will within their respective Counties, upon Oath, and the fame, with the Will, to certifie to the Secretary’s Office at New-York, with all convenient Speed, under the Hand of the Judge and Clerk of the said Court, that the Probate thereof may be granted accordingly. And in the time of the Vacancy of the said Courts of Common-Pleas, or upon any extraordinary Occasion or Necessity, the relpe-dfcive Judges of the Inferior Courts, afliftea with Two Justices of the Peace, within the said remote Counties, may and are hereby Impowered and Authorized, at any time during the Vacancy of the said respective Courts, to take the Examination of Witnesses to any Will produced before them, upon Oath, and" tb certifie the fame, as aforesaid. And in case any Debate or Controversie shall arise about Swearing and Examining such Witnesses, or allowing the Will, the said Court, or Judge and Justices, may hear and; determine the fame. A.rtd ifi any be unfatisned with their Proceedings therein, they may appeal to the Governor, or to such other Person delegated) as aforesaid, before the Probate of-such Will be granted.

And be it further Enacted, (jc. That the several Judges of the respective Courts within "the said remote Counties", in open Courts, and on extraordinary Occasion or Necessity, out of Court, alfifted with Two Justices of the Peace, as aforesaid, may and are hereby Authorized and Impowered to grant Probates of any Will, or Letters of Administration, to any Person or Persons, where the Estate of the Person making such Will, or of the Intestate, on which Letters of Administration are desired, doth not exceed the Value of Fifty Pounds i any thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided always, That any Person or Persons concerned in the Probate of such Wills, or Letters of Administration, to be granted by \he Judge of the said Courts, as aforesaid, may, within Three Months after the granting thereof, bring his or their Appeal or Appeals therein before the Governor, or such other Person delegated, as aforesaid.

mmm

An Act for calling Long-Island the Island of NafTaw. ,SS£i

BE it Enacted by the Governor, and Council, and Representatives convened in General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That the Island commonly called and known by the Name of Long-Island, shall from henceforth bb called The Island of Najfaw : And that after the Publication hereof, all Their *Majesties loving Subjects are hereby required, in all Grants, Patents, Deeds, Conveyances, Bargains of Sale, Bills, Bonds, Records, and other

E Instruments

i8 Anno Regni Quarto Gulielmi & Mariae.

Instruments in Writing, that shall hereafter be made, granted, conveyed, bargained, fold, and executed, for or concerning the said Hland, or any Part or Place within the same, or in any County thereof, to call and denominate the said Island in all such Deeds and Escripts, as aforesaid. Island

any thing contained in any former Act to the contrary hereof in any wile not-wkhstanding.

<-•>/ \*ff \y*/ '»// \*t/ \y*/ w// vx//v t />*\ /m'I /ak,^ /m^ /a.»\

There was also Pdfs’d at the same time these following Viz.

AN Act for the Railing Two thousand eight hundred and sixty Pounds, to pay Two hundred and twenty Men, with the incidental Charges, for the' Security of the Frontiers at Albany, for Seven Months.

An Act for Railing and Paying Eighty Men in Ulster and Dutches-Caunty, for the Security of Albany.

An Act for Establishing a Revenue upon Their Majesties, and for Defraying the publick and necessary Charges of the Government.

An Act for Establishing Courts of Judicature for Two Years.

Expired. An Act for Granting to Their Majesties the Rate of One Peny per Pound upon all the Real and Personal Estates within this Province of New-Torh, &c. to be allowed unto his Excellency the Governor.

An Act for the Encouraging a Post-Office.

An Act for Satisfying and Paying the Debts of the Government.

An Act for Establishing certain Rates upon such Goods and Merchandize as shall be brought unto Their Majesties Beam in the Weigh-hdufe at New-

York, '

- > 1 -

Ljooooie

ACTS passed by the General Assembly of the Colony of New-York, in April and -

her,

An Act for settling a Minifiry, and a Maintenance for confirmed

them in the City of New-York, County of Richmond, West* " y’1697' chester, and Queena-County.

WHEREAS Prophaneness and Licentiousness hath of late Over-spread this Province, for want of a settled Ministry throughout the fame i To the end the fame may be removed, and the Or* dinances. of God duly Administred, Be it Enacted by the Govern nor, and Council, and Representatives convened in General Af* fembly, and by the Authority of the same, That in each of the respective Cities and j Counties; hereafter mentioned and expressed, there fiilll becafted, inducted, and established, a good Sufficient Protestant Minister, to .officiate and have Care of Souls,within One Year next and after the Publication hereof. That is to say, In the City of New-York One j in the County of Richmiui One j in the County of We/ichester Two,* One to have the Care <?f Westchester, Eastchester, Tonkers, and the Manor of the other to have the Care of Rye, Mtwironeck> and Bedford»in jQjteens-County Two One to

have the Care of femaica, and the adjacent Towns and Farms; the other to have the Care of Wmpjiead, and the next adjacent Towns and Farms,

And for their respective Encouragement, Be it further Enacted, &c. That there shall be annually, and once every Year, in every of the respective Cities and Counties aforesaid, AiTessed,. Levied, Collected, and Paid, for the Maintenance of each of their'respective Ministers, the respective Sums hereafter mentioned, that is . to lay, For the City and County of Neto~York> One hundred Pounds; For the Two Precincts of Westchester^ One hundred Pounds, to each Fifty Pounds, to be paid in Country Produce at Money Price. For the County ofjRkhtnmiy Forty Pounds, in Country Produce at Money Price. And for the Two Presides; of Qygens-Countyy One hundred and twenty Pounds^ to each

Sixty Pounds, in Country Produce at Money Price.

And

20

Anno Regni Quinto Gulielmi & Marias.

And for the more orderly Railing the respective Maintenances for the Ministers aforesaid. Be it further Enacted, &c. That the respective Justices of every City and County aforesaid, or any Two of them, shall every Year issue out their Warrants to the Constables to Summon the Free-holders of every City, County, and Precinct aforesaid, together, on the second "Tuesday in January, for the chusing of Ten Vestry-men, and Two Church-wardens; and the said Tu-ftices and Vestry-men, or major part of them, are hereby Im powered, within Ten Days after the said Day, or any Day after, as to them shall seem convenient, to lay a reasonable Tax on the said respective Cities, Counties,'Parish, or Precinct, for the Maintenance of the Minister and Poor of their respective Places: And if they shall neglect to issue their Warrant*, so as the Election be not made that Day, they shall respectively forfeit Five Pounds current Money of this Province. And in case the said Free-holders duly Summoned, as aforesaid, shall not appear, or appearing, do not cliufe the said Ten Vestry-men and Church-wardens, that then in their Default, the said Justices shall, within Ten Days after the said second Tuesday, or on any Day after, as to them shall seem’ convenient, lay the said reasonable Tax on the said respective Places for the respective Maintenances aforesaid. And if the said Justices and Vestry-men shall neglect their Duty herein, they shall respectively forfeit Five Pound* current Money aforesaid.

And be it further Enacted, &c. That such of the Justices and Vestry-men that shall not be present at the time appointed, to make the said Tax, and therefore be convicted by a Certificate under the Hands of such as do appear, and have no sufficient Excuse.for the fame, shall .respectively forfeit Five Pounds Current Money aforesaid. And a Roll of the said Tax so made, shall be delivered into the Hands of die respective Constables of the said Cities, Counties, Parishes, and Precincts, with a Warrant signed by any Two Justices of the Peace, Impowering him or them to levy the said Tax, and upon Refusal,' to distrain, and fell by publick Out-cry, and pay the same into the Hands of the Churchwardens, retaining to himself Twelve pence Pound for Levying thereof. And

if any Person shall refuse to pay what he is so Aftefled, and the said Constables do strain for the fame, all his Charges shall be paid him, with such further Allowance for his Pains, as the said Justices, or any of them, Hull judge reasonable. And if the said Justice or Justices shall neglect to issue the said Warrant, he or they respectively shall forfeit Five Pounds current‘Money aforesaid. And if the said Constables, or any of them, fall hf their Duty - herein^ they shall respectively forfeit Five Pounds current Money aforesaidJ And the Church-wardens so chosen shall undertake the said Office, and receiveand keep a good Account of the Moneys or Goods levied by this Act, ancfothe fame issue by Order from the said Justices and Vestry-men of the respective Cities, (bounties, Precincts, and Parishes aforesaid, for the Purposes and Intents aforesaid, and no otherwise. And the Church-wardens shall, as often as-thereunto required, yield an Account unto the Justices and Vestry-men of-all -tlieif Re-; ceipts and Disbursements. And in case the Church-wardens, or any of them,1 shall neglect their Duty herein, they shall respectively forfeit Five Pounds ‘current Money aforesaid, for every Refusal. r A;

And be it further Enacted, &c. That the said Church-wardens Jtf their respective Precincts aforesaid, shall by Warrant, as aforesaid, pay unto the* respective Ministers the Maintenance aforesaid, by Four equal ana quarterly Payments, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of Five Pounds current Money aforesaid, for each Neglect, Refusal, or Default; the one Half of all which ^forfeitures shall be disposed of to the Use of the Poor in each respective Precinct where the fame doth arise, and the other Half to him that shall Prosecute the same.

;_Always

i

Anno Regn't QuintoGulielmi & Mariae. a i

Always Provided, and be it further Enacted, &c. That all and every of the respective Ministers that shall be settled in the respective Cities, Counties, and Precincts aforesaid, shall be called to officiate in their respective Precincts by the respective Vestry-men and Church-wardens aforesaid. And always Provided, That all former Agreements made with Ministers through this Province, shall continue and remain in their foil Force and Virtue j any thing contained herein to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

There was also Pass'd at the same time Acts, Viz«

AN Act for Railing Six thousand Pounds for the Paying of Three hundred Expired. Volunteers, and their Officers, to be employed in the Reinforcement of the Frontiers of this Province at Albany.

An Act Confirming and Continuing unto Their Majesties the Revenue efta- Expired. blished by an Act of General Assembly, made in the Fourth Year of Their Majesties Reign, for Defraying the publick and necessary Charges of the Government Five Years longer than the Term therein mentioned.

Acts Vafs'd in October, 1

AN Act for the Raising Five hundred Pounds, and for Paying One hundred Men, to be raised for the Reinforcing the Frontiers of this Province in the City and County of Albany.

An Act to Enable Isaac Lanfer to ered or set up an Engine or Mill for making Rape and Linseed Oyl.

An Act Confirming an Act, Intituled, An Act for the the Debts of the

Government 3 &c.

F ACTS

ACTS passed by the General Assembly of the Colony of New-York, in March, July, and October, 1695.

t

An Act agamftUnlawful By-Laws, and TJnreasonable

ttnres.

N all humble manner the Representatives of this Their Majesties Province of New-York, shew, and complain unto your Excellency, and Their Majesties Council, That the People of the City of New-York, under Colour and Pretext of their Charter or Custom, or both, have taken upon them to make and publish certain By-Laws, Orders, Ordinances, or Regulations, whereby they forbid the bringing of any Flour or Bread, for Exportation, to New-York, under thq Penalty of Forfeiture of the famej which laid City being the principal Port of this Province for the fending forth the Produce ana Manufacturage thereof and the chief Market within the same, they thereby not only prohibit the Importation and Selling such Flour and Bread at the fame City, and obstruct and hinder all Bolting of Flour, and Baking of Bread for Exportation, which are lawful Mysteries, Crafts, and Trades, in all other Parts of the Province } but also arrogate to themselves the foie Bolting, Baking, Uling, Making, and Selling of all liich Flour and Bread, raised or to be produced within the Province; and under Colour and Pretence of the said Orders} By-La^5, :Qrdinanofes, and Regulations, have taken, condemned, 1 and converted to their own Uses, divers Quantities of Flour belonging to feve-‘ 11

ral of Their Majesties good Subjects of this Province : All which being contrary to Law, to the grievous Damage and Impoverishing of many of Their Majesties good Peopley and thp said By-Laws and Orders urireasonable', "an'd-of evil, dangerous, and pernicious Consequence to all Their Majesties Subjects of this Province } They therefore most eameftly pray. That it may be Enadfed,

And it is hereby Enacted by his Excellency, the Council, and Representatives of this Their Majesties Province, in General Assembly met and assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said pretended By-Law, Orders^ Ordinances,' 6r Regulations of the People of New-Torkaforesaid, made in the Name of the Mayor, Aldermen}- and Commonalty of the City of or in or

by any other NaihO or £tile whatsoever, and every Clause or Thing in the fame, or any other Rule, Order, or Ordinance contained, in any wise concerning the Restraint of Bolting of Flour, Baking of Bread, or Importing of Flour or; Bread to New-York aforesaid, or concerning or relating to the Prohibition, Obstruction, or Hindrance of the Uling, Pradfifing, or Enjoying of any other lawful Trade, Mystery, or Occupation, or against the Importing in or to, or Exporta-r tion from; the City of New-Tcnk, or any other lawful Port in this Province, any

24

Anno Regni Norn Gulielmi HL

Wine, Com, Flour, Bread, Flesh, Fish, Victuals, Wares, Merchandizes, and all other things vendable, and not by the common Law or Statutes of the Realm prohibited > and all Process, Proceedings, Judgments, and Executions thereupon hereafter to be Issued, Ordered, Entred, Awarded, Published, or Executed, shall be utterly void and holden for none $ and they are hereby declared void and null to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever i any pretended By-Law, Order, Ordinance, Custom, Usage, or Practice, to the contrary hereof in any Wise notwithstanding.

And further. Be it ftuadad, (pc. That if any time after the making and publishing of this Act, any Officer, Minister, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall presume, by or under colour of any such pretended By-Laws, Orders, Ordinances, or Regulations, to take, seize, condemn, or convert to hij; or their own Uses, any Flour, or other Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever, not by Law prohibited at any time to be Imported from the said City of New-Torh^ or any other lawful Port in this Province, he, they, and every of them, shall forfeit to Ae Owner of such Flour, Bread, and other Goods or Merchandizes, treble the Value of the Flour, Bread, or other Goods, or Merchandizes, so to be taken, foiled, condemned, or convened^ as aforesaidi and also his treble Costsv 'to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of Their Majesties Courts within this Province, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

- Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That no Officer, Minister, or other Person or Persons, shall at any time be Impeached, Prosecuted, Condemned, Troubled, or Disquieted, by virtue of jthis Ad, or upon any Conftmdion or Interpretation of the fame, for any Fad, Matter, or Thing, acted, done, perpetrated, or committed, at any time before the Making and Publication hereof j but that such Officer, Minister, or other Person or Persons, as to any such Fad, Matter, or Thing, heretofore acted, done, perpetrated, or committed, shall be and remain in such Plight, State, and Condition, as if this Act, and every Clause therein contained, had never been made; any thing before herein expressed to the contrary hereof in any wise notwith-ltaftding.

-AS against the Propbanation Day, called,

' ‘ Sunday.

the true and sincere Service and Worship of God, according to ly Will and Commandments, is often pfophaned and tny of the Inhabitants and Sojourners within this Province, who do not keep* holy the Lord’s Day, but in a disorderly manner, accustom themselves to Travel, Labouring, Working, Shooting, Eishing, Sporting, Playingj Horse-Racing, frequenting of Tippling-houses, and the uiing many other unlawful Exercises and Pastimes upon the Lord’s Day, to the great Scandal of the holy Christiaii Faith* Be it therefore Enacted by the Governor, and Council, and Representatives convened in General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Forty Days next after the Publication hereof* there shall be no Travelling, Servile Labouring and Working, Shooting, Fishing, Sporting, Playing, Horse-Racing, Hunting, or frequenting of Tippling-houses, or the using of any other unlawful Exercises or Pastimes, by any of the Inhabitants or Sojourners within this Province, or by any of their Slaves or Servants, on the Lord’s Day j and that every Person or Persons offending in the Premises,

shall

Anno Regni Nano Gulielmi III. 25

shall forfeit for every Offence the Sum of Six Shillings current Money of this Province, the same to be employed and collected to the Use of the Poor of the Place where such Offence shall be committed j and that any One Justice of the Peace within the several respective Cities and Counties within this Provided where such Offence shall be committed, upon his or their View, Confession.of the Party, or Proof of any One or more Witnesses, by Oath, which the said Justice, by Virtue of this Act, is authorized to Administer, shall find'any Person or Persons offending in the Premisses, the said Justice shall give Warrant, under, his Hand and Seal, to the Constables of the respective Places where such Offence is committed, to levy the said Penalty so to be assessed, by way of Piftrefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, renarinp to the said Offender the Overplus of the said Money raised of the Goods so fold, if any be : And in default of such Distress, the Party to be set publickly in the Stocks by the space of Three Hours. But if the Offender of the Premisses be either an Indian or Negro Slave* or a Servant, shall, for each such Offence whereof he or they shall be Convicted of, as aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of Six Shillings current Money, as aforesaid. But in default of not Paying, then the Indiant Negro Slave, and Servant, offending in the Premisses, shall receive Thirteen Lafnes Upon the naked Back, for each Offence committed by such or Negro

Slave, and Servant, as aforesaid. And that if any Person or Persons be Sued for the Execution of this Law, he shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the said Matter of justification in Evidence : Provided, That no Person be Sued or Questioned by this Act, except he be called in question within One Month next after the said Offence be committed. And Provided also, That it shall be lawful for any Person to Travel upon the Lord’s Day, or to do any Act of Necessity, and to go to the Service and Worship of God in any Church or lawful Meeting within this Province, and from thence to return: Provided such Journey shall not exceed the Number of Twenty Miles. And also Provided, That it shall be lawful for the Post, or any other Person employed in His Majesty's Service, or for any Person employed to bring a Physician or a Midwife, to Travel upon the Lord’s Day, any tiling contained herein to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Provided, That this Law shall no ways extend to any Native or Free Indian within this Province, not professing the Christian Religion.

M re k .4 M

There was also Pass'd at the same time these following Acts, Viz.

AN Act for Railing Two thousand fix 'hundred and sixty Pounds, to pay One hundred and seventy Men, for securing the Frontiers of this Province.

An Act for Continuing an Act for Paying the Debts of the Government.

An Act to Enable the City of Albany to defray their necessary Charge.

An Act for Settling Pilotage for all Vessels that shall come within Sandy-Hook.

An Act for Railing Eight hundred Pounds, for paying the Soldiers now employed for securing the Frontiers of this Province.

An Act to Enable the City of New-York to relieve the Poor, (jc.

An Act for Railing Eight hundred sixty four Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, for paying a Company of Fuzileers now on the Frontiers.

An Act for Railing Seven hundred Pounds, to Enable his Excellency to keep the Men that are now in the Companies appointed by His Majesty, and to Encourage others to Lift themselves.

G An

26

Amo Regm Nom Gnliclmi HI.

An Act for Raising One thousand Pounds, to be employed by an Agent for the Representation of the State of the Province.

An Act for Continuing Courts of Judicature. ,

An Act for Regulating the retaining Attorriies at Law.

An Act for Railing Five hundred Pounds, to pay One hundred Men, to be raised for Reinforcing the Frontiers.

An Act to Enable Isaac Lanfer to set up a Mill for making Linseed Oyl.' '

.» i. j I

AEls Pass'd in March and April i 6p6.

AN Act for Raising One hundred and twenty effective Men, to be employed for the Reinforcing the Frontiers in the County of and for Rai-

ling die Sum of Two thousand five hundred and three Pounds, She Shilling^ and Eight Pence, to be distributed by his Excellency arhongst the Paid Men, and the rest of the Four Companies lent Over by His Majesty.

An Act for the better Enabling the Executors of Thomas Lloyd Esq, deceased, to fell Land for the Payment of Debts and Portions settled by the said T mas Lloyd, and Patience his Wife, upon her Children by her former Husband Robert Story deceased.

An Act for Paying and Satisfying the Debts of the Government.

Atls Pass'd in October, 1696.

AN Act for Raising One hundred Men, to be Lifted in His Majesty's Three Companies posted at Albany, for Security of the Frontiers! and for the Rdifing of One thousand two hundred Pounds, for the Encouragement of such as shall Lift themselves in the said Companies, &c.

Confirmed. An Act to vacate a Deed of Trust executed by John , and Margaret

his Wife, for the Land now in the Tenure and Occupation of Cornelius Barnfon, dec.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen.

ACTS

*7

ACTS passed by the General Assembly of New-York, in March, 1697,

An Act for Railing a Yearly Rate to pay the Col- confirmed

Won. sS*-‘7°*

WHEREAS the respective Cities and Counties within this Province have neglected to make an Annual Rate for the satisfying the Collectors for their Chaise and Trouble in the Cohering and Paying the publick Taxes raised in their refoedive Cities and Counties, to the great Hurt and Loss of those Collectors that have been employed in the said Service, as well as the great Delay in paying of the said Taxes unto His Majesty's Collector and Receiver General: To the end therefore that the fame may be removed. Be it Enacted by his Excellency the Governor, and Council, and Representatives convened in General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be laid and alfelTed Annually, and once every Year, a certain Rate in each respective City and County within the said Province, for the Paying and Satisfying the respective Collectors of the publick Taxes within their respective Counties, according to such Agreement as the refoedive Justices of the respective Cities and Counties within this Province shall make with the several Collectors in their respective Cities and Counties aforesaid; Provided the same shall not exceed Nine Pence per Pound, unless g, who may raise a Rate for the satisfying the Arrears due to the respective Collectors within the said County.

"Therewas also Pass'd these following Acts,

AN Act for Railing Two thousand three hundred Pounds, to Enable his Excellency to secure the Frontiers at , and for Recruiting His Majesties Three Companies polled there.

An Act for Continuing Courts of Judicature.

An Act to Enable the City of Albany to defray their necessary Charge.

ACTS

V

i

29

_ .; . j • / i

A CT S passed by the General Assembly of; New-York, in March, Jpril, and May, 1698.

.4# /or Retraining and Punij and Pirates.

Repealed

5 Sept. i-jzOi

jin Jia for the Regulating $k8'ton: of in Ce- Germed

' ’ ‘nerd 'etr^tX."

11. r

HABEAS of late the Election of Representatives to serve in Assembly in the respective Cities and Counties of this Pro-' vlnce, have been foanaged with great Outrage, Tumult, and deceit, to the grievous Oppression, and depriving the Subject ofifip chief^ft Birth-right, in chilling of his Representatives ift Assembly: Fof ROniedy whereof for the time to come, and v . t,.} ..... (ihfftfjhe Subject’ n>ay, freely Enjoy his undoubted Right of

efting* -without Disturbance or^Molestation, Be it Enacted

by his Excellency the Governor, and Council, and Representatives convened in General Assemblyi and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same. If hat the Representatives of the: Cities and Counties to be .chosen within, this Province, to Gorpe to the AffenablyiOf our Lord the King in this Province hereafter to be holden, .flidl, be chosen in every. Qtv, County, and Manor ;within this'Pror vihce, who, have Right to chuse, by People dwelling and residing in tHd farrie jCities, Counties, and .Manors, whereof every one of them shall have Land pr Tenements improved to the Value of Forty Pounds in Free-hold, free from all Incumbrances, and" have possessed the fame Three Months, before the Tell of the said Writ; and they which shall be chosen, shall be . dwelling and fofident within the same Cities, Counties,- and Manors» and Rich, as have the gre'ateft Number of them, who shall have Lands or Tenements improypd to the Value of Forty Pounds in Free-hold, free from all InCumbrancesV- as aforesaid, shall be returned by the Sheriffs of every City,. Counties, and Manors, Representar rives for the Assembly, by Indentures sealed betwixt the said Sheriffs and the said Chufers, so to be made. And every Sheriff of this Province shall be hereby Impowered to haye Authority to examine .upon Oath every such Chufer,1 whether he be Qualified, by having Rich an Effate, as aforesaief, to chuse. Arid if any Sheriff shall return Representatives to come to the Assembly, contrary to the Intent of this Act, and thereof be Convicted in the Supreme Court of this Province, shall incur the Pain and Forfeiture of Fifty Poujnds, to the Ufo of our Lord the King, His Heirs, and Successors. And the Representative^ re-■ H "'s"..... ‘ ' t-urried

r

3<>

Anno Regrii Undectmo Gulielmi III.

turned contrary to this Act, shall not be Qualified to lit in Assembly, and shall lose their Wages.

And whereas the Free-holders, and others, in their Right of Election, as also the Persons by them elected to be their Representatives, have heretofore been greatly injured and abused: Now for remedying the fame, and preventing the like for the future, Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid,* That when any new Assembly shall hereafter be summoned or called, there shall be Forty Days between the Test and Return of the Afrits of Summons . apd, that the Secretary or Clerk’of the OoW: of this Province, ihalliflue out the iWrits for the Election of Representatives tp; serve in the lame Assembly, with, as Inuch Expedition as the fame may be done > and the Writs mall be sealed arid delivered to the respective Sheriffs of the Cities and Counties aforesaid; and that every such Sheriff, upon the Receipt of the fame Writ, shall, upon the Back thereof, endorse the Day he received the lame; and within Six Days after he hath received the said Writ of Election, shall cause publick Notice to be given of the Time and Place of Election, and give Six.Days.Notice at |e^ft of the Day appointed to the Constable of each Town within his Bailiwick, to be by the said Constables affixed to the most publick Place of each Town, as aforesaid, for the Election.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That neither the Sheriff nor Under-Sheriff in any City or County within this Province, shall give, pay, receive, or take any Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, for the Making out. Receipt, Delivery, Retuni, of Execution Of ahy such Writ er Pre-' cept. # ;t. . ..; •> vr.-/; .

And be it further Enacted, &c. 'f'hat upon every Election to be made of any Representative to serve in, this or any future Assembly, the Sheriff of the City or County where such Election shall be madej; shall hold his Court for the lamb Election at the most publick and usual Place of Election within the said City or (County where the lame has most usually been, made. And in case-the said Election be not determined upon the View with' the Consent of the Electors there present, but that a Poll shall be required for the Determination thereof, theh the said Sheriff, or in his Absence" fils Under-SieriC with Cnchl others als shall be deputed by him, shall forthwith there provide to take the said Poll in' some open or publick Place or Places by the fame ShVriffj or Under-Sheriff, as

iiff,; Of. in his Absence his Under-Sheriff, of foeh as he shall dephte* 'shall apf point such Nunibfcr of Clerks, us to hint lhafl Teem meet and convenient,' foi* taking thereof, which Clerks shall take the said Poll hi the Prelence' of the said Sheriff, or his Under-Sheriff,: or such as he shall depute , ‘ and befofo they begiri to take‘the said Poll, every; Cleifk so appointed, mall, by the said Sheriff Of his Under-Sheriff, as aforesaid, be Sworn truly and indifferently to take the fame Poll, and to letdown the Names of each Elector, and the Place or his Freehold,' and for whom he shal|; poll, and to poll no Elector Who is not Sworn, if so required by the Candidates, or any of them then and there present; ( which bath iOf the said Clerks, the find Sheriff, or his Under-Sheriff or such as he Ihril depute, ate hereby impowered to Administer.) And the Sheriff or in his Absence the UrtderrSherif£ as aforesaid, shall appoint for each Candidate such one Per/bn as fllalT be nominated to him breach Candidate then and there pre-ferit, fobe InspectrirS of every Clerk who shall be appointed for taking of the Poll. Arid every Eieftof, before he is admitted to poll at the fame Election, shall, If required by the Candidates, or any of them, first take the Oath herein after mentioned ;1 which Oath the said Sheriff, by himself, or his Under-Sheriff or such sworn Clerk by him appointed for .taking the said Poll, as aforesaid, are hereby authorized to Administer,

rou

Anno: Regrii) Undecimd GplielnxillL

YOU shall Swear, Thatyou are a tree-holde the County

of , Sec. and have improved Land or Tenem

of Forty Pounds, lying at .!within o,";r'! Free-bold : And that youfave not EleB'ton, -> v: 1 • /r-

’ - So help ‘ you pries';

And in case any Free-holder, or any other Person taking, the said Oath, shall thereby commit wilful corrupt Perjury, and be thereof Convicted; orif ariy Person do unlawfully or corruptly procure or fubom any Free-holder, as aforesaid, or other Person, and shall be^therepf Cpnvided, he andrthey, fty every , -

‘such Offericd^ shall mdtt^he like: Pain^-knd Penalties as are ih.and b^dne Act. .vy

of Parliament, made in the Fifth Yeardifthb Reign if our lain Intituled, An Act for Punishment of such Persons as shall procure or Costw&. any wilful Perjury, Ena died aeainst all such who shall commit wilful Perjury, or

suborn or procure any Person to commit any unlawful and corrupt Perjury, con-nary to the said Act. ill -//• ■; 1. ‘* C ’T ~§f

And be .it! further Eha&ad, ^f^ That the said Sheriff, drib his Ab^jt^iis Under-Sheriff, or such.as he shall ideppte, as aforesaid, Hull, at the same place of Election, proceed: to >the Polling: allthe Eledotis then and there present, ’arid ilhall not adjhum the Poll, then anti, there heldj to any >odier Town or 'Within the same County, without rhcConfent p£ the Candidate® then and theth 'present, nor shall by;any unneceffaryAd joumment in the fajine place of Electtbh,

-pnotfad or delay the Tledion, bur dhall duly and orderly' prbeeed in the" taking of the said.P611, fTOip:rin^e totime,H&dm;Dayco Day, without any further or •other Adjohnament, without the' Cianlent of th^ Candidates then add- them .present, until all the Ekdors then and there present shall be Polled, arid no Jongjerj ij . t ' O l.-u. .■ ..!■' tvv'f . ‘ tV

- ' And be it further' Enacted by the Authority ifotesaid, Thar every Sheriff, Under-Sheriff, or other deputed by him, to whom the Election dhukU belong,

/or the Eieding of Representativbs to serve in Aftetnbiy, shall forthwith deliver cto such Person or Periods^ \as shall desire the lame, a Chpylof the Pofbtakenat rfuch Ekdionj paying ohly a reasonable Charge for writing the famevi/Arid every Sheriff, Under-Shferiff, or other Person deputed by Shuka^ to whotti the Execution of ariy Wtitdr Precept for Eieding Representatives to serve in Aftetri-bly doth belong, for every. wilful Offence, /contrary' to this Act,! 'fhiift forfeit to every! Party so grieved the Sumr cf.Thirty iParinds, td bd recovered by him /or them, his or their ExecUtors i or Admittistrators, together with foil Goffs of Suit, ancL for wIiich he* dr they may sue by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Molrmatibn in<any Cdliif. of Record within tMi Province, wherein t no ’Effoigh, Protection,' Wager d£ Law, Privilege, or Imparfonbe, fhaQ-'bh admitted-or allowed. . . . . .i-i.i-. .• !.• j./ •-•.'•'.i; A il-'-t*-’

.' And be it further Enacted, C^c. That no Person whatsoever, being under the Age of Ttoenty one Years, shall it any time hereafter be admitted to give his Vote for Election of any Represennttive or Repcefentatives to serve in this Or .any future Assembly. - And that na.Pdrfon hereafter shalf be (capable of being Elected a. Remrefenufive to serve’ in this or any :foture Aifembdy, who is not of :the Age df Twenry one Years., u Arid every Electon or Rerutn of any Person tinder that Age, > is hereby declared io be null and void. Andif any such Minor > hereafter tbolen shall jprefume to Sit or Vote in Assembly, ihtt shall incur such PendtiesLand.Tcttfdcares as if hel had prefuroed)to Sit Enid Vote in Assembly ‘Without! hedrig Chofenduid Returned^ . A.!

Always

I

A Anno RegniUndecimo Gulielmi Iff.

Always Provided, That the Freemen in the Corporations of the Cities and Counties of N?w-Jprk and Albany, have Liberty to Vote in their respe.div.£ Corporations; provided that they have been' Freem£H of the said Corporations, arid have actually dwelt there {Three Mqnths,before the; Test of pny' inch Writ of Election, in,manner aforesaid, shall be issued. out. $. Any Usage*- Cpftom, or Law to the contrary hereof'in 'any wise notwithstanding.Y;

' Ana always Provided, That'nothing hbr^in-contained shall be construed to bar any Representative of this Assembly of his Right of Sitting therein, io long a? the fomeshall continue; any thing to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Confirmed An Act to Enable the reJbeBive, Towns this Province

jSept. 1700. Build and Repair their Mand

Buildings. > > V -

WHereas the Several and respective Towns within this Province are at a great Loss for warit of publick Buildings for the Worfiiip and Service . . of God, as well as for other publick Services: jTo the end therefore

that each respective Town within this Province 1 may be enabled toEred publick buildings for the Wdrship of God, and other publick Services, Be it. Enacted by hi^frxcellency, arid Council, and Representatives convened, That the Tmftees of each respective Town within Ahis Province,. ;.or. such. other Persons wjip shall be yearly Elected by the major part of the Free-holdefs of each respective Town : within this province, shall be hereby impowered annually, or once a Ysar, to make a yearly Rate, either:for:the Erecting of a publick Edifice or Church for the Worship and Servke.of Cod, where ifre .fanie is wanting, or for any other publick Buildings, Town-houses, and Goals, for the publick Service of the Town; which Rate Aiall be laid upon ill and every the Free-holderiSj Inhabitants,; and Sojourners in each respective Town afortlaidf according t6 such manner, and in Rich form, as the other publick Rates afe>eftbblifliedt, for the Defraying the publick Charges iris ieach, respective County, within this Province : And the Aflelfors and Coll^dorsiof the respective Towns aforesaid, are hereby required to execute their Duties accordingly* And if any Person or Persons Within any the respective Towns, who shall .beTVated ot"Aflelfed, is aforesaid, shall refuse to pajror jcontribute their Proportion so Ratdd iarid Afleffed, - then it shall be lawful for the Collector of die Town where frith Refusal shall happen, to levy the same by Distress upon the Good^and ChattCls of them or him so Offending, by Warrant under: the Hand and Seal of the Justice of the Peace of the Town where the Offence shall Be. And all and every the publick Rates hereby established, shall, by the Trustees, or ftkh other Persons who shall be yearly Elected by the major part of the Freeholders, as aforesaid, bd only employed to the Building and Repairing of the .laid publick. Edifices and Briudjags, and to no other Use, Purpose, or Intent whatsoever; any thing to the ponttriry hereof in any wise notwithstanding;•

Provided, and be it Enacted, (jyc.That the Precind. of commonly called. Segaboneck and Mecoxey. within the Town of

shall Tor ever hereafter be esteemed a distinct Parish .from the said Town of Southampton, and have and enjoy all the Privileges arid Benefits^ of a. distinct Parish, for the Building and Erecting of a priblick Edifice, with its Appurtenari-ces> for the publick Service of God, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that they are hereby ImpOwered and Authorized icu lay Rates

upon

Anno Regni Undecimo Gulielmi Ilf. 33

upon their respective Free-holders, Inhabitants, and Sojourners within the said Precinct of Bridge-Hat?tpton, in as full and ample manner as if the said Pre-

cinct were a separate and distinct Town within this Province; any thing contained in the Grant of Southampton to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for Preventing

Confirmed 5 Sept. 1700.

WHereas great Damage and Waste is made upon the Commons and particular Free-holds belonging to the Inhabitants of this Province, by a Number of idle Persons, who enter upon other Persons Estates, and cut down their Timber, , and carry lit away clandestinely, to the great Loss of the Owners thereof: For the preventing of such Practice for the future, Be it Enacted by his Excellency, and Council, and Representatives convened in General Assembly, &c. That if any Person or Persons shall cut or carry off any manner of Wood, Under-Wood, Timber, Poles, or Trees, Handing, lying, or growing on the Land, which to them does not belong, but is in the Right or Possession of any other, or out of or from the Commons of any Town within this Province, other than that to which he doth belong; or if within the same Town, having no Right or Privilege there, without Leave or Licence from the major part of the Propriety, or the Trustees of such Commons, or the Owner or Owners, Possessor or Possessors of the Land whereon such Wood, Under-Wood, Timber, Poles, or Trees, were Handing, lying, or growing, every Person so Offending, shall forfeit and pay unto the Party or Parties injured or tref-passed upon, the Sum of1 Twenty Shillings, current Money of this Province, for every Tree of One Foot over; and the Sum of Six Shillings,- current 'Money aforesaid, for every Tree or Pole under that Bigness; and for other Wood, or Under-Wood, the Value thereof; to be recovered by Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, before any Justice of the Peace in the County where the Offence is committed, if the Forfeiture exceed not Five Pounds; but if it be above that Value, then before the Inferior Court of Common-Pleas, within the same County; And if any Person shall be Convict a second time of such Offence, he shall forfeit and pay to the Use of the Town where the Offence is committed, the Sum of Forty Shillings, current Money aforesaid, or suffer One Month’s Imprisonment over and above the Forfeiture abovesaid, or Damages to the Party injured.

And be it further Enacted, &c. That when in Action of the Trespass brought before a Justice of the Peace, the Defendant shall justifie, and demur upon the Plea of Title, a Record shall be made thereof, and the Matter of Fact taken pro ConfeJJo, and the Party making such Plea shall become bound with One Of

more Sureties, by way of Recognizance, unto the adverse Party, in a reasonable Sum, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, on Condition that he shall pursue his Plea, and bring forward a Suit for a Tryal of his Title at the next Inferior Court of Common-Pleas, to be holden for the County in which such Trespass is alledged to be done, and pay and satisfie such Damages and Costs as by the said Court shall be awarded against him; which Recognizance the Justice is hereby Impowered to require and take, and shall be paid for the same by the Recognizor, the Sum of Eighteen Pence, and for Entring his Plea Nine Pence; and at the Charge also of the fame Party, shall certifie the Process and Record of such Plea, together with-the Recognizance, unto the said Inferior Court of

I Common-

v^»

34

Anno Regni Undecimo Gulielmi Ilf.

Common-Pleas. And if such Recognizor shall neglect to bring forward such Suit at the Inferior Court, according to the Tenor of his Recognizance, the Default shall be entred in the said Court, and a Writ of Scire Fatiat shall issue out of the Clerk’s Office of the fame Court, in manner as by Law is directed for the Recovery of the Sum or Penalty in the said Recognizance mentioned of him the said Recognizor, his Surety or Sureties. Or if upon Tryal before the said Court, he shall not make out a Title to the Land or Tenement on which the Trespass is alledged to be done, paramount to the Possession or other Title of the adverse Party, Judgment shall be rendred for the Party upon whom the Trespass has been done, for Treble Damages and Costs of Suit. But if the Defendant in Trespass, justifyitig onoPlea of Title, shall refuse or neglect to become bound in manner as aforesaid, then his Plea shall abate, and the Justice, notwithstanding the fame, shall proceed to try the Cause, as aforesaid > and upon due Proof of the Trespass committed by him, shall award Damages against him accordingly, to what shall be made out, and Cost of Suit. And if upon the Opening and Pleading of any Action of Trespass, there be proved any Fofce or Violence, and Breach of the Peace, the Party or Parties guilty thereof, shall be also fined to the King, or otherwise punimed, > as the Law in such Cases does provide.

Always Provided, That the City and County of Albany, and the County of Ulster, be exempted from the Privilege, of this Act > any thing heroin contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

Confirmed An Act to prevent Vexatious Suits, and Settling and Quieting

Mmds of His Majest/s peaceable Subjects within this

Province*

WHereas upon the News of the late happy Resolution, and His Maje^ ft y’s glorious Enterprizeto rescue the Kingdoms of England, Scotland, and Ireland, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, from Popery, Slavery, ami Arbitrary Power, several Persons well-affected to His Majesty's Person and the Protestant Religion, and the Good of their Country, in this Province, did, according to the most noble Example of the great People of England, declare for their Deliverer, and for His Service took upon them the Government of this Province, and appointed Captain Jacob Leyfler Commander in Chief thereof until His Majesty's Measure should be known therein, who was afterwards confirmed in the said Command by His Majesty's Royal Letter, dated the Thirtieth of July, One thousand six hundred eighty nine, and by Virtue thereof kept the Administratkm of the Government until the Arrival of Colonel Henry Slaughter, His Majesty's late Captain General of this Province : And whereas the Penons aforesaid, through the Exigence of the War, and the continual Troubles raised by Persons disaffected to His Majesty's Person and Government, were by inevitable Necessity constrained, for the Preservation of this Province, to take, seize, and secure several disaffected Persons, and enter into the Possessions and Houses of several Merchants and others, and there took several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which were employed for His Majesty's Service, and the Defence of this Province j in all which Force, Violence, and Defect of Form, was unavoidable, which in a time of Peace and common Safety would not have been warrantable, yet were necessary and allowably in re-

gard

Anno Regni Undecimo Gulielmi III. 35

gard of the Exigence of the Publick Affairs, and ought to be justified, and the Persons therein concerned indemnified j yet nevertheless, some Persons ill-affected to His Majesty's Government, and the Safety and Welfare of this Province, have Commenced and Prosecuted, and threaten to Commence and Prosecute Actions and Suits against His Majesty's good Subjects, for and by reason of their Adings and Doings aforesaid: Therefore for preventing the Trouble and Charges which the said good Subjects might be put to by the means of such vexatious Suits, the Representatives convened in General Assembly, taking the fame into their serious Consideration, and an Act of Parliament made in the First Year of William and M ary>Intituled, An Act preventing vexatious Suits against such as acted in order to the bringing in Their and for

Their Service, and the effectual Remedies therein prescribed, would be of great

Use in this Province, Be it therefore Enacted, and it is hereby Enacted by the Governor, Council, and Representatives in General Assembly convened, and by the Authority of the same, That all personal Actions, Suits, Molestations, or Prosecutions whatsoever, and Judgment* and Executions had thereupon, for or by reason of the Premisses, or any Matter or Thing advised, commanded, appointed, happened, or done in the late happy Resolution in this Province, for.

Their Majesties Service, and the Safety of this Government, be and are hereby Discharged. And if any Action or Suit, hereby declared, or intended to be discharged, shall be Commenced or Prosecuted, every Person so Sued may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuited, or forbear further Prosecution, or fuffet Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him, the said Defendant shall reco-» ver his double Costs, for which he shall have the like Remedy as in case where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

An Act for the Vacating, Breaking, and Annulling Ex- Confirmed

travagant Grants of Land made by Colonel Fletcher, latel6Jun'ncS' Governor of this Province under His

WHereas their Excellencies the Lords Justices of England have, by their Instructions unto his Excellency the Governor, bearing Date the Tenth Day of November, One thousand six hundred ninety eight, directed to his feid Excellency, to use all legal Means for the Breaking of extravagant Grants of Land in this Province* And whereas there is an extravagant Grant of Land, foaled with the Seal of the Province, made by Colonel Fletcher, late Governor of this Province under His Majesty, unto Mr.

Dellius, bearing Date the Third Day of Septemb, One thousand six hundred ninety fix, and Registred in the Secretary’s Office, containing a certain Trad of Land lying upon the East fide of Hud/ons-River, between the Northmost Bounds of Saraghtogo and the Rock RoJJian, containing about Seventy Miles in Length, and goes back into the Woods from the said Twelve Miles, un-

til it comes unto the Wood back, and so fer as it goes, be it Twelve Miles more or less from Hudsons-Rher, on the East-fide, and from the said Creek by a Line Twelve Miles distant from the said River: To have and to hold the said Land and Appurtenances unto him the said Godfrey , his Heirs and Assigns for ever, under the Rent reserved of one Raccoon-Skin per

And

3<S

Anno Regrii Undectmo Gulielmi III.

And whereas there is another extravagant Grant of Land made, as aforesaid, unto the said Godfrey Dellius, William T, and Evert See. sealed also

with the Seal of the Province, bearing Date the Thirtieth of July, One thousand six hundred ninety seven, and likewise Registred in the Secretary’s Office, containing a certain Trad of vacant Land, lying upon , above a

Place commonly known by the Name of , beginning from a Place

called by the Natives Owendiere, and runs up along the said River about Fifty Miles, more or less, to a Place called and extending in Breadth

between the said Places Owendiere and , Two Miles on each side

of the River, as it runs : To have and to hold the said Trad of Land and Appurtenances unto the said Godfrey DelliusEvert William &c.

their Heirs and Assigns for ever, under the reserved Rent of one Beaver-Skin for the first Seven Years, and five Beaver-Skins yearly for ever thereafter: That it having appeared before the House of Representatives convened in General Assembly, that Mr. Godfrey Dellius has been a principal Instrument in Deluding the Mohaque Indians, and illegal and surreptitious Obtaining of the said Grant,

that he ought to be, and is hereby suspended from the Exercise of his Minifte-rial Fundion in the City and County of

And whereas there is another extravagant Grant of Land, made in manner aforesaid, unto Colonel Nicholas Bayard, bearing Date the Twelfth Day of December. One thousand six hundred ninety five, and Registred in the Secretary’s Office, containing a certain Trad of Land, situate, lying and being upon the Creek commonly called and known by the Name of , which runs

into the M ohaque-River,about Twenty four Miles above begin-

ning at the Mouth of the said Creek from the Indian Fields called and extending upwards on both Sides of the said Creek to the Head or first Spring thereof, where it ends at or near the Hill commonly known by the Name Kanjearagore, the whole being bounded on the North by the said Indian

Fields of Jeanaorage, on the East and West by the Ridge of Hills, and South

by the Hill Kanjearagore, and the fame erected into a Lordship by the Name of The Manor of Kingsfield: To have and hold the said Trad of Land, and Lordship or Manor of Kingsfield, and Appurtenances, unto him the said-Byard, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, under the reserved Rent of One Otter-

Skin per Annum.

And whereas there is another extravagant Grant of Land, made in manner aforesaid, unto Captain John Evans, bearing Date the Twentieth Day of September, One thousand six hundred ninety four, Registred in the Secretary’s Office, containing all that Trad and Parcel of Land, situate, lying and being upon - the West-fide of Hudsons-River,beginning from the South-fide of the Land

called the Talfe, now inhabited by Frenchmen, and extending thence Southerly along the said Hudsons-River to the Land belonging to the Indians at the Murderer s-Kill, and extending Westward to the Foot of the high Hills, called Tit-kickaker and Aiaskawafting, and thence extending Southerly all along the said Hills and the River called Teakadafank to a Water-Pond lying upon the said Hills, called Merclary, comprehending all those Lands, Meadows, and Woods called Nefcatonck,Chawangen, Memorafink, Getawan, Annuch, and

Gillatawagh, and all and every of them, and the fame erected into the Manor and Lordship of Fletcherdon : To have and to hold the said Trad of Land and Manor of Fletcherdon, with Appurtenances, unto the said John Evans, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, under the Rent reserved of Twenty Shillings, and One fat Buck per Annum.

And whereas there is another extravagant Grant of Land, made in manner aforesaid, unto the said John Evans, bearing Date the Ninth Day of August, One thousand six hundred ninety four, Registred in the Secretary’s Office, containing a certain Swamp and freth Pond, ailed The FreJJy Water, and adjacent

to

Jriko iRegni Utidecmo Gulfolrhi Iff*.. 3 7

to the Kind’s. Farm, formerly called The Duke'sFarm^oxx thellland

beginning at a Stake let; in foe Ground on the Shuth-iide of the said Pond, and at the North-East Cdm^r of the Land belonging to William Merritt thence it rangeth along the Somht-fide of the said Swamp and Pond by. the Upland to the Beech on the East-fide of HudfcnfrRiver, lo along the Beech to the Upland^ thence aofling a .small Gut of the, said Swamp to ;the Land on the East-lide thereof, thence by choiiiid Land, as it runs, to; the East-fide of the Tan-yard, and thencte to the Place where it; begun: To have and to hold the said certain Swamp and Pondj and Appurtenances, unto him the said Evan^his Heirs and Assigns for ever, under the yearly reserved Rent of One Pepper-Corn. . ;V: : .

And whereas there iis another extravagant Grant of the King’s Farm, in manner aforesaid, being . : a’ Leaf# or Demise of the said Farm unto the Church-, wardens and ' Vestry-tnen of Trinity-Churchy for; Seven Years . from the Date , thereof, being the Nineteenth of Augujly One choufand six hundred ninety: seven, Registred in the Secretary’s Office : To have and to hold the said Farm and Appurtenances unto,>the said Qiurch-wardens and Vestry-men of Gwrh, foeir Successors.and Assigns, far the Term, of Seven Years from the Date aforesaid, until the said Term of Seven Years- be folly ended, under, the> yearly refeiVed Rent Qf Sixty Bufltels of Wheat -v 1

j And wherealthere is another extravagant Grant of Land out of the King's Garden!, in manner aforesaid, 'unto,Colonel .bearing Date the

Second of idpt&y One thousand six hundred ninety fix, and Kegiflred in the Se-cTetary’s OfiKje^ containinga certain Lot or Toft of Ground^ lying. without the Stockadoes- of the City of New-Torhy -near adjbyning to the Locust-XreeS,.-which West iotmerly. part of the King’s Garden,;containing in Breadth Forty !one:

Foot, and ini Length Fifty Foot: To. have andita hoW thefaadLat or Tpfe of Ground untofoira the.foaCnleb Heathcotey his Heirs^ and Assigns for ever, under the.yearly,wforved Rentof One Shilling. M -.■hr.: -/.r/JUl.

v - And whereas there is.’ another extravagant Grant: of Land out of thedkid.

King’s Garden,' in njanner aforesaid, and of the Date aforesaid^ unto the'iaid Caleb Heistbetfe*. being aiDemife or Lease of, another pan, of the said- King’s Garden, for the Toon of Eorty one Years, which lies vacant)afnd unimprdvfed^ being bounded'by the:Stockadoe$ Of Fence of the said Gardeny so far as the said Gard«i, iin the Rear,cdoes extend,: and from the said FCrae of Stockatfoes-lb fitr into HkdJbAhRrtftr af Low-water Mark: Tohave and toehold the said Other

part of theflald Gardeb;untd-the said Caleb Heathcotey his Heirs ind AfligtfS, ifbt t^e foid.Term.of FotJy.one Years; from the Date of the laid/ Denafle, under- the yearly Rent reserved of Four Shillings. *. i v, .:i

I., And .whfriJas it does appear uAto his; said Excellency and Council, that -all and every of the aboveuirricitfed fevetal and respective Grants and Demifasof Land ana Premilfes, to all and every the Person and Persons aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, are, in Fadfc and Deed, absolutely extravagant Grants issued by the said Colonel , late Governor of this Pro-

vince under His Majesty, contrary to and against the Trull reposed in him by His said' -jtfajtliy, ah'dufe'e<tr^;%ant ^Grants,* according to the true Intent, Meaning, and Construction of their Excellencies the Lords Justices of England said Inftrtt&ibhs, and such iasi ought to be Broke,- Vacated, Annulled, and made of none Effect for ever : Be it therefore Ena&edbyhis Excellency the Govejaof, and Council,; and R^pre^bntatiyes, convened in General, Assembly, aM it,is hereby by-foe Authority of the fafaev That all and every of foe Teye-

ral and rdpejMive extravagant Grants of Land and (Premilfes, granted, deniifed, and feased, in manner aforesaid, and heretofore recited and mentioned, within all and every of their Several and respective Limits and Bounds aforementioned and expfelfed, afo h&>ehy;Rroke^ Vacated, and for ever Annulled, and dffroue-Effect. And all and every the afore-recited Grants and Demises, itt manner i K aforesaid.

5?

Atok> Regm XJhtkcvm Gulielmi HL

afoceiiud, for all and every the several and respective Tracts and Parcels of Land, Farms, and Garden, iwidi Appurtenances, within ail and every of their several and respective Limits and Sounds aforesaid. And all the Lordships, Manors, juriselithoru, Powers, Authorities, Rights, Benefits, Profits, Advantages belonging unto them, or either of them, for ever hereafter cease, determine,' and become null and void, and of none Effect, to all intents and Purposes, and Confer unions whatsoever, as if no such Grants, Demises, and Registers of the fame in the Secretary's Office had ever been done. And they the aforesaid Grantees, Lessees, and every of them, their and every of their Heirs, Successors, arid Assigns, are for ever hereafter diverted of any Right, Title, or Claim unto the fame, or unto any Part or Parcel thereof, within the several and respective Limits aforesaid; any Law to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding. And His Majesty is hereby foUy ahdimmediaiely Refeized1 and RepofTeffed of all; and every of the before-granted and demised Pre-J misses, in as full and ample manner as if the fame had never been granted and demised.

And be it further Enacted, &c. That all and every *of the Grants and Demiies for the several and respective Tracts of Lands, Swamps, Farms', and Gardens, as aforesaid, which are Registred in the Secretary’s Office, shall, upon the Publication hereof be obliterated# razed, defaced,- and the Memory or Record of all and every of the aforesaid Grants shall be reduced into Oblivion and Foteecfalness, as if no fttch Grants had ever been made or registred in the said Office j any tiling to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding. '

And to the Intent that it may not be in the Power of any of His Majesty's Governors, or Commanders in Chief, for the time being hereafter, to make for the future any fudh extravagant ^Grants of Land, as aforesaid, Be it further En^' acted, &c.'That it shall not be in the Power of any iof His Majesty's Governors or Commanders in Chiefs which shall hereafter be Governors or Commanders* in Chief of this Province under His Majesty, His Heirs and Successora, to Grant on Detfiile for any? longer than for his Time in the-'Government, any of the Lands ' hereafter mentioned, \ that is to say, Nuttix-Ijhwd, The King t FarPt, Tfe Kings Garden, The Sibwip, and F Wattv^t they; are now limited' and boundedj being the Dfenizen of His Majesty's Fort at Nem-Tbrk, and for the Benefit and Accommodation of His Majesty's Governors and Commanders m Chief for the time being } and if any fuefe Grants or Demises for the future* shall be made longer than for the Time dforememioned^ then all and' every oft such Grants shall, ipfafafto, become Null and: Void, ’and of no tlfe, to all In-’ tents and Purposes_whatsoever; any Law, Custom, or Usage tothd contrary-hereof in any wise notwithstanding. . r ’ . ' o : :»:•.* •

Saving to the City of New-Tofk the Right they have to the Freih Water, and

Lands to Low-water Mark behind the: King’s Gardens "t>; : i:

- ' ?■ - '1

AN Act for Gwing unto His Majesty several Duties fox the Defraying thet £\ pnbUck, Charge of the Government .; l

!n Act for Granting, unto His Majesty the1 Sum of Twd tHoufabd Pounds, One: . d^ioufandfive hundred Pounds whereof to bd allowed to his Excellency Fjchard pari of Bellomont, and five^hundred PoUbds to Captain John Lieute-1

/ hint Governor., •-> • - r.

• i

Anno Regnt TJndecimo Gulielmi III.

39

An Act for Preventing Soldiers from Deserting His Majesty's Service.

An Act for Regulating and Returning able and sufficient Jurors in Tryals at Law.

An Act to Enable the City of New-York to pay their Debts, and repair their publick Buildings.

An Act to Enable the City of Albany to defray their necessary Charge.

An Act for Indemnifying all such Persons as were' excepted out of the general Pardon, made by Ad of Assembly in this Province, in the Year One thousand six hundred ninety fix.

An Act for Repealing an Act of Assembly, Intituled, An Act for Regulating Damages done in the time of the late Dtforders in this , &c.

An Act for Settling the Estate of Jacob Millbom Esq; deceased.

An Act for Committing Ebenezer Willson and Samuel , Farmers of the Ex-cife, for their contemptuous Refusing to render an Account what they farmed the fame for.

ACTS

T D

41

ACTS passed by the General Assembly of New-York, in July, August, and *, 1700.

./$? against Jesuits and Popish Priestt,

HER E A S divers Jesuits, Priests, and Popish IVliffionaries, have of late come, and for some time have had their Residence in the remote Parts of this Province, and other His Majesty's adjacent Colonies, who, bytheir wicked and subtle Inlinuations, indu-ftriously labour to Debauch, Seduce^ and Withdraw the Indiant from their .due Obedience unto His most Sacred Majesty, and to Excite and Stir them up to Sedition, Rebellion, and open Hqftility against His

Majesty's Government: For Prevention whereof Be it Eria&ed by His Excel* fency the Governor, Council, and Representatives convened in General Aftcmt bly, and it is hereby Eria&ed by the Authority of the same, That; all and every Jesuit and Seminary Priest, Miflibniry, or other Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Person, made or Ordained-by any Authority* Power, or Jurisdiction, derived^ chat* lenged, or pretended from the Pope or See of , now residing within this Province, or any Part thereof, shall depart from and out of the fame at or before the First Day of November next, in this present Year One thousand seven hundred.

And be it further Enacted, &c. That all and every Jesuit, Seminary Priest, i -' Missionary, Of other Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Person, made Or Ordained by any Authority, Power, or Jurisdiction, derived, challenged, or pretended from the Pope or See of Romey or that shall profess himselfr or othervwfe appear \0"be such, by Preaching, and Teaching of others to say any Popish Prayers, by Celebrating Mass, Granting of Absolutions, or using any other of the Popifn Ceremonies and Rites of Worship, by what Name, Title, or Degree soever such Person shall be called or known, who shall continue, abide, remain, or comer into this Province, or any Part thereof, after the First Day of November aforesaid, shall be deemed and accounted an Incendiary and Disturber of the nublick Peace and Safety, and an Enemy to the true Christian Religion, and shall be adjudged to suffer perpetual Imprisonment; and if any Person, being so Sentenced, and actually Imprisoned, shall break Prison ana make his' Escape, and be afterwards retaken, he shall suffer such Pains of Death, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as in case of Felony. / f

And be it further Enacted, &c. That every Person that shall wittingly and willingly Receive, Harbour, Conceal, Aid, Succour, and Relieve any Jesuit,

Priest, Milfionary, or other Ecclesiastical Person of the Romish Clergy, knowing him to be such, and be thereof lawfully Convicted before any of His Majesty s Courts of Record within this Province, which Courts are hereby impowered and authorized to Hear, Try, and Determine the fame, he shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, current Money of this Province, one Half to His

L Majesty,

1

4^ Anno Regni Duodecimo Gulielmi III.

Majesty, for and towards the Support of the Government, and the other Half to the Informer, who shall sue for the same in any Court of Record within this Province, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager in Law shall be allowed; and such Person shall be further punished by being set in the Pillory oh Three several Days, and also be bound to the good Behaviour at the Discretion of the Court.

And be it further Enacted, (*rc. That it shall and may be lawful to and for ^very Justice of the Peace, to cause any Person or PersonsTufpe&ed *of being* a Jesu.it, SemiuaryPrieft, of hf the Romifk Clergy, to - be-; appreh^nfled5 and ‘ convened before hi*ifel£ anji feme other of His Justicest -jmd if/uch

Person do not give fitisfadory 'Account of "hfrnfelfj- he shall be committed to Prison, in order to a Tryal. Also it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to apprehend, without Warrant, any Jesuit, Seminary Priestj of other of the Rowish Clergy, as aforesaid, and to convene him- before the Governor, or any Two of the Council, to be Examined and Imprisoned, in order to a Tryat, Uptefr he g[ve a satisfadoty Account bf himself. And as it will be efteemedand accepted as a good Service done for the King, by the Person who shall seize and apprehend any Jesuit, Prie/l? Miifionary, or Romish Ecclesiastick, as aforesaid, so the Governor of this Province for thp time being, with the Advice and Consent of the Council, may suitably reward him as they think fit. /- -1- ;: /;

Provided, That this Act shall riot extend, or be construed to extend unto any of the R-omish Clergy who shall hapoen to be Shipwrack’d, or through other Adversity. shall be call on Shore, Or driven unto this Province, so as be continue Or abide tk> lodger within the same than until he may have Opportunity of Passage for his Departure; so also as such Person, immediately upon his Arrival, shall^forfowith atterid the Governor, if near to the Place Qf his Residence, or UtherWrfe on One ‘or more of the Counril, or next Justice of the .Peace, and acquaint thenvwith his Circumstances, and observe the Directions which they shall give him, during his Stay In the Province.

Expired In 1705.

An J0 for tie Encouragement of

J>E it Eaa&ed by the Governor, Council, and Representatives convened in Ir^' General Atfembly, That whatsoever Tavern-keeper, Alehouse-keeper. Or, Victualler within the City and County of NewATork, that shall trust of credit any Seaman belonging to any Ship or Vessel that is in, or shall hereafter, come into the Road or Harbour of the said City, for any Sum of Money aboye£ the Sum of Six Shillings, current Money of this Province, shall lose the fame and no Writ Or Process mall go out agakift any Seaman, as aforesaid, at the Suit of any Tavern-keeper, Alehouse-keeper, or Victualler within the said City and County, for any greater Sum than Six Shillings, as aforesaid, except.he be Matter of some Ship or Vessel. And if any Tavern-keeper, Alehouse-keeper, or Victualler within the said City, shall trust or give credit to any Seaman that is. out of Service, for any greater Sum than Twelve Pence per Day, so long as he shall be out of Service, shall likewise lofo the fame; and no Writ or Process shall go out against any Seaman, at the Suit of any Tavern-keeper, Alehouse-keeper, or Victualler within the said City or Countyj for any greater Sum than the Proportion of Twelve Pence per Diem, during the time that he shall be out of Service, except a Matter of a Shfo or Vesseli as aforesaid. And if any Clerks of the Courts of Record within the said City and County, shall issue any Writs against any Seamen, circumstanced, as aforesaid, contrary to the true

Intent

Anno Regni Duodecimo Gulielmi III.

43

Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall, for his Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, current Money of this Province, to be recovered before the Mayor or Recorder, or any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the said City and County j the one Half to the Use of the Poor of the said City, and the other 1 lalf to the Informer, or him who shall sue foV the fame, without further Appeal. And all Matters of Vessels Trading to and from the said City, shall, within Forty eight Hours after his or their Arrival, bring unto the said Town-Clerk of the said City, a List of the Names of all such Seamen as he shall import, or belong to his and their Vessels, and the fame cause to be Registred in the Office of the said Town-Clerk, who Hull take no greater Reward for the fame than One Shilling, current Money aforesaid.

Provided, That this Act shall not continue in Force longer than Five Years after the Publication hereof.

An Act for Declaring the Town of Eastchester, in the County of Repealed Westchester, a distinEt Parish from the Town of Westchester in ,FA,7°* the County aforesaid.

There was also Pass'd at the same time these following Viz.

AN Act for the better Securing the Five Nations of Indians in their Fidelity to His Majesty, 'viz. by Railing One thousand Pounds to build a Fort

at Onnondage.

An Act for Appointing and Enabling Commissioners to Examine, Take, and State the Publick Accounts of this Province.

An Act for the Encouraging the Brewing of Beer, and making Malt within this Province.

An Act for Appointing and Enabling Commissioners to Examine, Take, and Expir'd. State the Publick Accounts of this Province.

, An Act for Repealing an Act of Assembly, Intituled, An Act for the better Securing the Five Nations of Indians in their Fidelity to His , and for

Granting unto His Majesty the Sum of One thousand Pounds, for Building a Fort for the Security of the Five Nations of Indians.

An Act for Punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall Mutiny or Desert His Majesty's Service j and to prevent their being Harboured and Concealed by the Inhabitants of this Province; and to encourage the Seizing and Securing such as shall Desert His Majesty's Service for the future.

ACTS

r 4i f

•; I __.; i

ACT S passed by the General Assembly of New-Jorky in August, and OEtoler,

1701, •'

An Act for the mare regular Proceedings confirm

Representatives for the severalCities and Counties within this*° *I7°

Province.

WHEREAS the Election and Return of Representatives for the feYeral Cities and Counties of this Province, to come to the Assembly of our Lord the King, in this Province, have been often heretofore managed with great Fraud and Deceit, to the.grievous Damage of the Subjects; , for the Preventing of which for time to come, a good and wholsom Law was Enacted by the General Assembly of this Province in the' Eleventh Year. of His Majesty's Reign,Intituled, An Act the Regulating Elections of ReprefeHtatives its General Assembly, in each refye/tive City and County^ith-in this Province•;yet never^heless many and great Abuses are ffUt continued^to

be put upon the Subjects in their Election, as aforesaid: ' For*the Prevexing whereof, Be it Enabled by his Honour the Lieutenant Governor, CouniH,- and Representatives now in General Assembly convened, and by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth and for; ever hereafter, no Papist or Popiffr Recti2' fant, that shall refuse, upon the Tender and Demand of the Sheriff, or elthet of the Candidates, to take the Oaths appointed to be taken instead of the Oathsvof Allegiance and Supremacy, and sign the Tell and Association,i as directed by-Law in other Cafes, shall be suffered to give his or their Vote or Votes for any Representative or Representatives to serve in this or any other future; Generali Assembly within this Province, or for any other Office or Offices whatsoever.j And whereas Doubts; have arisen, whether a Person having an Estate of Free*! hold in Possession for:his Life, or for the Life of his Wife, should be allowed I to Vote for the fame, Be it Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, Thao act-and every Person and Persons not excepted by this Act, having in . his ’or their Possession an Estate of Free-hold, during his Life, or for and duriogj the Life of his Wife, to the Value or Quantity in the above recited Act pxprel'-i. fed, shall be and is hereby Qjialified to give his and their Vote and Votes for; Representatives, as aforesaid, provided be it further Qualified, as, in the aforesaid Act, and this present Act, is expressed.

And whereas a Qjieflion hath arisen, whether any Person or Persons, having; mortgaged his or their Lands, and being in Pqffession thereof, and receiving the Income thereof, should not by reason of such Mortgage be debarred from gi-« ving his Vote, as aforesaid, Be it therefore Enacted, That such Mortgage Hull . M ‘ not

4* Anno Regni Decimo Tert ’to Gulielmi III.

■ ill IT. i wrntmmUmm -.... —1 1 " ...........r—*—■« T-g — - , j,

not debar the Party abovesaid from the giving of his Vote, provided he be in Possession thereof, or receive the Incomes of the same.

And be it further Enabled, &c. That to prevent all Disputes rating to die Free-holders in Dutches-County about the Election of Representatives, as aforesaid, the said County be, and is hereby declared to be annexed to the County of Ulster, for the Term of Seven Years next after this present Seifian; and rim the Free-holders of Dutches-County, Qualified by Law, shall and are hereby Impowered to give their Votes for Representatives in the County of , as if they actually Jived in the said County; any thing tq the comtrafy hereof ii\ any v^ife notwithstanding. ‘ x

J And whereas Disputes have arisen between the Counts of Orange and Ulster, relating to Wagachemeck and Little h, Be it Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That Wagachemeck and Great and Little MiniJJinck be and are hereby immediately annexed to the County of Ulster, until such time that the Bounds between the Counties of Orange and Ulster shall be fettkd> and chat the Inhabitants of Wagachemeck and Great and Little be and are hereby Im-

powered to give their Vote for Representatives in the County of Ulster, as if tfceyidually Jived in the said County of > any thing to the herfc-

7 of dny wise notwithstanding. ,r

Act for Repealing an Act! of General of this

*° , vince. Intituled, An Act for Defraying the Publick anc|

Neceuary Charge throughout this Province, for Maintaining the Poor, and Preventing Vagabonds ,* except so much - thereof as relates to Vagabonds, and for effectual Means for Defraying the Publick and Necessary Charges in each City and , and for Maintaining the Poor.

WHereas there is an Act of General Assembly of this Province, made in the Year of our Lord, One thousand six hundred ninety one, In-r tituled. An Act for Maintaining the Poor, and Preventing Vagabonds j which said Act hath been by Experience found to be very Inconvenient and Burthenfom to the Inhabitants of this Province, and* hath occafipned many Heats, Animosities, Strifes, and Debates, and other Differences ,* aH which being considered, the Representatives now in General Assembly convened, do mofb humbly Pray, that it may be Declared and Enacted; and it is hereby Enacted by his Honour the Lieutenant Governor, and Council, and Representatives ir* this General Assembly convened, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Before-mentioned Act of Assembly, and every Article and Clause therein contained, except fi> much thereof as relates to Vagabonds, be and is hereby Repealed, Reversed, made and declared Null and Void, to all Intents, Con-ftrudions and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Act had never been made and Enacted. To the end nevertheless, that the Publick and Necessary Charge in each City and County may be duly defrayed, the Poor maintained, and Vagabonds and People of ill Benaviour discountenanced, Be it Declared and Enacted by his Honour the Lieutenant Governor, and Council, and Representatives convened in General Assembly, C7C, That the Justices of the Peace of the respective Counties of this Province, or any Five or more of them, Two whereof

to

Anno itegniJj)ecimo TertoOtfHelim IfL 47

•to be of the .^ont^ shall once im the Year, at^a Court oPGeneral or Special Sessions, supervise, examine, and allow the Publick and Necessary Change of rtheir respective Cooney, and of every "Town thereof, part of which the Allowance made Ijy Law tco their Representarive or Representatives, shall lie deemed rand accounted >to ibe.} and upon Examination and Allowance 'Of the said Acts, they, or due major part of ‘them, as aforesaid, are hereby Impdwered to iffne their Warrant to the federal Towns in the said County, under their Hands and -Seals, or the Hands and Seals of the major part Of them, for the Chusing and -Eiefting of Two Assessors, and One Colic stor, in each of their Towns or Couh-ty, for the Aifeffing and Geflefting of the Sum and Sums of Money so allowed by the Justices aforesaid $ and it amy Justice of the Peace ’shall neglect -Or re--fiofe to put this Act in Execution, -he mall forfeit fifty Pounds ,• and if any Town or Towns shall refuse, neglect, or delay to chuse Affeilbrs and Cefleft-xjrs, as aforesaid, at fitch times as by the said jWlices shall be appointed, such Town fluM forfeit the Sam of Twenty Pounds to His Majesty •> all such -Sums to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature in this Province, where h6 £ffoign,JProi©ftion, Wi^er of Law, Or any more than onfe Imparlance shall be dfowed..* And if the said Assessors shall refuse and neglect to Assess and Rate in Twelve Days after die Isaid Warrant, and the Golleftot toCofleft ahd-Lfevy within Twenty one Days after Assessrtieot, the Sum or Sums of Money odderbd and aikwed, as afordaii, every Person so ue^efting or refuting, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, current Money of this Province, to the COunty Or -Town where the Hariie Refofal or’ Neglect shall happen, to be recovered in the idpeftive CouPt or Coufts of Sessions in the County or Counties aforesaid, and •shall be also Intprisoned without Bail or Mainprize for Three Months by the Court aforesaid j and in fetch case the Justices aforesaid are hereby folly Impow-ered, at such time as they -shall think fit, to appoint others in the room of such Assessors or Collectors, as aforesaid.

And be it further Enacted, &c. That the Justices abovefrid are hereby 1m-powered, once in every Year, to Appoint and Efeft a Treasurer for their re-ipeftive County or Counties j which Treasurer shall make such Payments for the Defraying the necessary Charge of each respective County, as shall be ap- ' pointed and allowed by the Justices aforesaid.

And be it further Enacted, &c. That it shall and may be lawful for every Collector chosep, as aforesaid, by. Warrant under the Hand, and Seal of any Two or more Justices of the Peace of ekcfe-irespective Obuffty, to Collect and Levy,1 by Distress on die Goods and Chattels of all or any Persons refusing or neglecting to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so Assessed on them, returning the Overplus ro the Owner, the Charges of Diurefs and Sale first d'eduftedj Wnidh Chafge is to be allowed before any Two Justices of the Peace, One whereof bp of the J^tcrumdf such County or Counties, as aforesaid.

' And be it forther Enacted, &c. That the Treasurer of each respective County within this Province, shall keep a distihft Book of Accounts, containing a particular Account of all the Money, Rates and Assessments aforesaid, and also Of all Disbursertients and Payments by Warrant aforesaid, and once every Year hfe shall bring in his Accounts to the Court of Sessions aforesaid, to have die fame Audited; which said Court is hereby Impowered in each County to audit the fame, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, to be forfeited by the said Treasurer to our Lord the King, in case of his Neglect to bring the said Account before the said Justices, to be recovered in the Supreme Court Of Judi-cature.

And be it forther Enacted, &c. Whereas it is the Custotn and Practice of His Majesty's Realm of England, and all our adjacent Colonies in America, that every respective Town and Parish doth take care and provide for the Poor ■who do inhabit in their respective Precmfts, as aforesaid; that for the time to come, the Justices aforesaid at their respective General Sessions do, once iti

the

48

Anno RegniDecimo Tertio Gulielihi Ilf.

the Year, make Provision for the Maintenance and Support of their Poor re-lpeftively.

And whereas several of the Cities and Counties of this Province have not taken care for the Payment of the Representatives before the First Day of this Instant Sessions of the Gteneral Assembly of this Province, Be it therefore Enacted, Thar the respective Officers concerned in this Act, for the Defraying the Publick: Charge of each respective City and County, do and shall, on and before the Day of next, according to the Directions of this Act, cause

due Payment to be made to the said Representatives, after such Sates and Allowances as were made by an Act of Assembly of this Province, in the Year of our Lord, One thousand fix. hundred ninety one. Intituled, Ail for Allowance to the Representatives; any thing to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided, That no Money be demanded for Service in General Assembly by any Person before the Year of our Lord, One thousand six hundred ninety eight. '

And whereas the Cities of New-York and , by their several Charters

differ in the Ways and Means for the defraying their Publick Charge, and maintaining their Poor, from the several Counties within this Province j Be it therefore Declared and Enacted, That the Common-Councils of the said Cities re* Ipeftively, are hereby Authorized to follow their former Method concerning the Premifles; and that they be hereby Impowered, upon want , of Money in their Treasury, to Raise and Levy upon the Inhabitants of their said Cities re-lpeftively, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall unto them appear diffident to pay their respective Representatives, Bell-men, or Watch-men; or such other Necessary and Publick Charges as shall be yearly and every Year requisite and necessary j any thing in these Presents contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. "

Provided, That no City or County shall raise above Three hundred Pounds per Annum for their Publick Charge. - > , r

• . / ./ : . 1

Confirmed

io May}iyo8.

An Act for Allowance to the Representatives.:

• . , r

v j.

Hereas the several Representatives of the People of this Province cannot officiate and discharge that honourable and great Trust reposed in them, without being at Charge and Eiypence, Be It, Enacted by his Honour the Lieutenant Governor, and;Council, and, Representatives convened in General Assembly, and it.is hereby Enacted,• (frcl That the Wages or Allowance to each Representative of the People, from ’the First Day of this Set (ions, and for ever hereafter, shall be Six Shillings, current Money of this Prot vince, per Diem3 to commence from their Coming out pH their Return home : Always Provided, It shall not exceed Eight Days after t^eir Adjourning, Proroguing, or Diflolving the fame. _ , ,.j . I

And be it further Enacted,; &c. That each respective City arid County throughout this Province, shall bear and defrrfy the Charge of their own Representatives j which Charge or Allowance, as aforesaid, shall be paid to the respective Representatives by the Treasurer of each respective. City and, County, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Mayor of the respective Cities for the time Being, and by Warrant of any Two Justices of the Peace to the Treasurer of the respective Counties, after the Return of the said Representatives from the Assembly, within Ten Days after the Collecting of the Publick and Necef-

• " ~ ' ' fary

v^»

49

Anno Regni DecimoTeriio GuHelmi Ilf.

fary Charge of each respective City and County, as, is directed in an Act paiTe^ this present Sessions, Intituled, An Act for Repealing an Act of Assembly of this, Province) Intituled, An Act for Defraying the Publick and Necessary Charge throughout this Province, for Maintaining the Poor, and Preventing Vagabonds* and for the Appointing more effectual. Means for Defraying the Publick Necessary Charge in each City and County, and for Maintaining the Preventing Vagabonds, in such way and manner as the Publick and Ne-t cessary Charge of each City and County in ct*s Province is defrayed ai^ raised.

And;be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Act of;Afn fembjy made in the Year, of our Lord,; One thousand six hundred ninety one*

Intituled, An Act for Allowance to the Representatives, be and, is hereby Re- pealed, Vacated, and made Null, as if such Act had never been made.

Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That all and every Person or Merlons that have any Money due from any City or County in this Province for Service as Representatives, shall be paid such Sum as in the above recited Act hereby Repealed is directed > and that the fame be paid in such way and fanner 'as all.other PuMipk Charges of the respective Cities and Counties, are

defrayed, by such LaWs as now are,Jor hereafter; |half l^ established. withifl-

this Province ,* any thing to the contrary hereof in tWfe Presents' (Contained in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided, That nothing be demanded for such Service before the-Year of Our Lord, One thousand six hundred ninety eight; any Layr, Usage, or'Custom to the contrary hereof in any wise, notwithstanding.

Art aB to .Oblige the Owners and Possessors of unimproved Lands in the Coimty of Albany, Westchester, Richmond, and Orange,

to pay the Proportion of their Quit-Rents and Taxes for the Support of the Governmentx and their County Charges,

WHereas several Persons within the County of Albany, tVe/lchester, ants Richmond, have great Quantities of vacant and unimproved Lands* for which they have not, for many Years last past, paid, and even refused to pay their Proportions of Qpit-Rents and Taxes raised for the Support of the Government, and other Rates and Charges, to the grievous Damage of the rest of the Inhabitants in the Counties aforesaid, under a Pretence that the said Lands lie vacant and unimproved, and that they had no Benefit by them, or Income from them: And whereas many of the Owners of the said Lands do not inhabit within the said Counties, and have not Goods and Chattels within the same to Levy and Distrain upon, their Proportion of the said Quit-Rents, Taxes raised for the Support or the Government, and other Rates and Charges j Be it Enacted by his Honour the Lieutenant Governor, and Council, and Representatives in General Assembly convened, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person owning such vacant and unimproved Lands within the Counties aforesaid, who do not tajce care to pay their Proportion of the Quit-Rents, or of Taxes now or hereafter to be raised for the Support of the Government, and other Rates and Charges, within such time as the Law shall and doth direct, that then, and in such cases* it shall and may be lawful for the Inhabitants of the said Counties respectively, to enter upon the said Lands not being inclosed, and therein to cut Wood and

N Timber

ie

50 Anno Regni JDecmto Tetiio Gulidmi HL

Timber for rheir own Use and Uses, without being therefore Sued, Troubled, or Molested, in the same manner as if the said Lands were in common and unappropriated i any Law, Usage, or Qiftom to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided alto. That if any Person or Persons, having Lands, as aforesaid, in the County of Orange, shall refuse to pay his, her, or their Proportion, as aforesaid, die Justices of the Peace of the said County, or any of them, or such Person or Persons as shall be employed by them, is and are hereby ImpoWered to Sue the Person or Persons so refilling and neglecting in the Counties where they do live, as in an Action of Debt; and the several Judges, Justices, and Courts, are hereby Authorized and Commanded to hear and determine such Suit 5 any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Confirmed

»oJtt*y, 1708.

An Act for the Settling and Amending the High-ways and Roadt in the County of Ulster. '

Wereas the High-ways and Roads, by over-running of Creeks, and removing of Sands, in the County of are oftentimes fpOiled by he Floods of Water in the Spring of the Year, whereby the Inhabitants are necessitated to mend, or provide other convenient High-ways and Roads: And whereas great Disputes do arise concerning the same amongst the said Inhabitants, Be it Enacted by his Honour the Lieutenant Governor, and Council, and Representatives of the Province of New-Torky in General Assembly convened, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That the respective Justices of the Peace of the County of are hereby fiiUyfo^owerCd and Commanded, from time to time, to appoint fudi and so many Surveyors of the High-ways and Roads in the said County, in each Town respectively, as they shall think fit, to survey die High-ways and Roads in the said County, eacn Surveyor or Surveyors respectively tobe for the Town for which he or they shall be appointed Surveyor or Surveyors j and where they find the said High-ways and Roads, or any of them, deficient, or that a new one or new ones ought to be made, to report die fame to the Justices aforesaid, who are hereby directed, with all convenient Speed, to cause the said High-ways and Roads to be amended or altered accordingly.

And if it should happen that any such High-ways or Roads should be directed by the Surveyor or Surveyors aforesaid, to be laid out for the Good of the Inhabitants of the said County, or of any Town in the fame, through the Lands or Possefftons of any particular Person or Persons j Be k Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices of the Peace, or any Three or more, are hereby Empowered, in such case, to issue their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to the High-Sheriff of the said County, commanding him to cause to come before them the said Justices, or any Three or more of them. Twelve good and lawful Men of his Bailiwick, who ate to consider of the Damages any Person or Persons shall or may sustain by such High-ways and Roads running or being laid out through his, her, or their Lands ,* which said Damages are to be made good to him, ner, or them by Assessment, to be Raised, Levied, Collected and Paid by such Town, Vicinage, or Person or Persons whatsoever, in equal Proportions to the Benefit he, me, or they shall receive by the said High-ways or Roads; the same to be paid to the Treasurer of die respective Towns in the said County within Forty Days after the Assessment made, to be disposed by Warrant under he Hands and Seals of Three or more •’ ’ Justices

AmoRegni D&cmo Tertio Qi^lielmi Ilk

>A fA

n

Justices of the Peace of the said County, to such Person or Persons respectively through whole Lands, the said High-ways.and Roads Hull happen to.come, in due Proportion, according to the Quantity of the Land he or they lose thereby, to be adjudged by Twelve Men, as aforesaid.

And be it further Enacted, &c. That upon, such Survey made, as afojeflud, and such Estimate had, and the Money paid, as aforesaid, the Justices'o£dw Peace of the said Cotfoty are hereby Required, and ftillv Imfwwfrcd to such High-ways or Roads upon Record, and to establish them Pub&clt Ways for the Common Good of the County aforesaid $ any Law, Usage, or £uftoip to the contrary notwithstanding. r . - r - J"- •*'*

Provided, always, and be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tfeak thfc Twelve Men, returned as aforesaid, and every of them, mall, befb^e proceed to die Estimate aforesaid, take ah Oath for die due and kppart&i Efthna-tton of the Damages aforesaid, and t he due Proportions'of the Paym^ti^ thereof, before the Justices of the Peace, or any Three or more,* who are ’hereby folly Authorized and Impowered to - Admbufter the fame accordingly )/ any: Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary, notwithstanding.

An Act for Regulating the Fences in the County of Ulster.

Confirmed

joAL*7, 1708.

WHereas in the County of Ulster the Inhabitants there are accustomed to make circular Fences for the surrounding their Land which they manure, by which means great Quantities of Lands are surrounded with the said circular Fence, and those who are in the middle of the said Lands have their Fields secured by the said Fence, yet have not contributed, nor will contribute their Proportion of the Charge of the said Fences j That the fame may be remedied for the future. Be it Enabled by his Honour foe Lieutenant Governor, and Council, and Representatives convened in General Assembly, &c. That as to all Lands within the said County o which now are, or here-

after shall be surrounded with a circular Fence, the Owners or Polfdfors thereof shall, in Proportion to the Quantities of Land they have within the said Fence, pay and contribute to the making the said Fence j and if any Person or Persons, having any Lands, as aforesaid, within the said Fence, will not contribute and pay his Proportion, as aforesaid, ujf the said circular Fence, then it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the said County, residing near where such Default shall happen, upon View of such Deleft, to AlTefs and Levy the Proportion of the said Fence, as aforesaid, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to the Constable of the Precinct where such Default shall happen, upon foe Goods and Chattels of him or them who shall have Land within the said circular Fence, and shall not, or will not contribute to the lame; and that the fame be employed for the making of the said Fence, returning the Overplus, if any there be, to the Owner or Owners of such Land, the Sum aiTefifed, and Charges of Distress and Sale, being first deduded; any Act to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Vk

There

5*

Arm6Regnt Becimo Gulielmi I IF.

There win also Pdfs’d at the same time these following W'su,

, :; r < -• ' . •.. f ., i

jltpUUd. j^\*N Act for Granting an Additional Duty to Ills Majesty.

An Act : for Supplying the Defers of a late Act, Intituled,

- the Militia,

An Act for the speedy Repairing the Forts of Albany and Schenectady.

An Act for Destroying of Wolves in the County of Wefichester. and infer.

- m , ’ f , r - r ';

An Act to Oblige Robert Livingstone Esq; to account according to the Jhirpor; of -an Act, Intituled, An Attfor Appointing and take and Jiate the Publick Accounts of this Province.

'An Act for Encouraging the City of x '-

An Act for Confirmation of a certain Agreement made by Thomas Swartwont

and Company of the one Part, and Genet Aertfen and Company of the

other Pan.

ACTS

n

©•SS0S®®@SSW§ge2SMBSS«0g9Sfflffi@S®S«S®MaSMS®S5SS*9S:g>

A C TS passed by ihe General Assembly of *•. the Colony of New-Torky Primo Atfqiap; : Regina, Nmetnbery 11702.

:r-> .: 1

'). :.M •! f,

-ii --. i Jm c'J

Act for SettTing tie Militia of and making it

V more ttfeful for Security and Defeffle and for Re-

-pealing of all former Acts heretofore made in this Province

relating to the fame*

[This Act is Revived and Continued by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of Her Majesty’s:; Reign, till the Fitft Day of Nov'embert 1711.]

HE R E A $ the Security and Pres^rvation of this Province greatly depends upon the Milkia being put into Methods, and/under , such Rules, that it may. make the lame moil useful for the Support and Defence thereof, and that the inhabitants should be. well armed and trained up in the Art Military, as well for the Honour and Service of Her most Sacred Majesty, as the Preserva-. tion of their own Lives and Fortunes j Be it Enabled and Ordained by the Governor, Council, and Representatives, &c. That no Person whatsoever, from Sixteen to Sixty Years of Age, remain Unlisted by themselves, their Parents, Matters, Mistresses, or Employers, under the Captains of their respective Places' cf Abode, in Foot or Horse, the Space of One Kalendar Month after their attaining the said Age of Sixteen Years, or after their Arrival or Coming to reside or sojourn in any Place within this. Province, on Penalty of Twenty Shillings, and so for every Month such Perform after Notice thereof given, shall remain Unlisted : And that every Foot-Soldier be provided with a well-fixed Musquet or Fuzee, or, if the Officer, so appoint, with a good Pike and Sword, or Lance and Pistol, each Mufqueteer Six Charges of Powder, and One Cartouch-Box, and so shall appear when and where required, upon Penalty of Five Shillings for his Default in not appearing, and Three Shillings for want of each Charge of Powder, Gun, Pike, Sword, Pistol, or Cartoucn-Box, so as the whole Penalty for any Person at any. time exceed not Twenty Shillings: And that every Soldier belonging to the Horse, shall, when and where commanded, appear ana -be provided with a good serviceable Horse of his own, covered with a good Saddle, with Holfters, Breast-Plate and Crupper, and a Cafe of good Pistols, Hanger, Sword or Rapier, and Half a pound of Powder, with Twelve serviceable Bullets, on Penalty of Ten Shillings for each time’s Absence, and Ten Shillings for Default of the Particulars above-mentioned, so as the whole Penalty

O for

*4

Anno Regni Vrtmo Annas

for one time exceed not Fifteen Shillings: And that every Foot-Soldier shall have at his Habitation or Abode, One Pound of good Powder, and Three Pounds of sizeable Bullets > evere Trooper (halt have at his. usual Place of Abode, a well-fixed Carbine, with Belt and Swivel, and Two Pounds of fine Powder^ with Six Pounds of sizeable Bullets, son Penalty of Ten killings for every De-j j and that each of them shall bring the lame into the Field,.* when com: irianded, upon Penalty of Arifwering the fame at a Court-Martial.'

And for a Supply of the Troops in the Cities of , , and

jpounty o fUlfter,it Ifiall be in the Power of the Colonel,-or othex Chief vOffi-oei) of the City*' of - New-Yw/ky iCbuudet aril UZ/?rr, f$r--thecrime bel

ipg, t\yhwsoever'any' of the said Troops.,f^alLoo\ com^te-the Number-of .Fifty, KTprefert double the Number; instead of fitch as are'cleat^, removed, or,wanting, out of the Principal Inhabitants 4nd> ^intlehjea'6TtKbire^)eCf^ie\C^ties and Counties aforesaid, unto the Governor for the time being, who, from time to time, may Lift and order so many of them to be of the Taid respective Troops, as-nuy complete the Number of Fifty, for Her MajestyT'Service, and the* Se^ curiry of this Province : And any Person or Persons- fc’preferred to die Govern nor for the time being, and by him Lifted and ordered to be of the said respective Troops^ shall be, and are hereby obliged, to /erve jfr the said r^spe&iye Troops, upon ifee Penalty ©fTi^e '^-V.\V . M<0\ V. " x

.. be V ftythe* Enao^d^ ^rc. ThaVu©> Person felrifted, aforesaid, shall depart. tUeflce, without a Difrhuge from dite ConmMryiy \of tfre Company or Troop where Lifted, on Penalty of Forty Shillings yand\mat do Coiftnjawder of any Company or Troop shall refuse, when desired,’ to'giWa Dilchcrge in Writing to any that has removed his Abode out of the Precincts or Province, under the Penalty of Tivet Pounds. ;. i' . f. . . irxO f ’ •'/•>’ ■" 1

And whereas at the Cities of NgwACorhand Albany^--i.nd at the Town of

Kings-Town in the County of Ulster,Guards and Watches are every Night set and appointed ;Be it.therefore Enacted and Ordained by,the Authority aforesaid, That rtshall and may be lawful for any- Person Qi* Peifoos, Lifted ini tfre-Militia Regiments of the Cities of Nevtt-York in the Militia

Companies in: the Town of Kmgr-Town. in the County of (except

On extraordinary Occasions ) to put a well-armed M;m itr their; room, whoa if approved1 of 'by die Captain of the Guard, shall excuse[His ov theiq Absence.

*' Provided always, That the Commission1-Officers of the respective 'ChmpanieS1 in the Cities of New-York and Albany A and in the Town of KingsAbwn in, the County of Ulster, be obliged, in their respective Turns, to mount the' Guard in their proper Persons.; and that no- Person ffralf refuse to be. Serjeant," Corporal, or Drummer, in the Company wherein he is Lifted!, under the Penalty of Forty Shi Rings.

And be it further Enacted; &c. That all Captains of Companies of Foot, .or’ Troops of Hgrfe, shall, withnr Twelve Months' after the Publication of this Act, provide for their Companies and Troops, Drumsand Colours; Trumpets and Trumpeters, and Banners, at the proper Charge of the respective Officers, Troops, and Companies, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds; and so for every Four Months such Commanders shall remain unprovided r And that all the Colonels of the respective Regiments, or next Chief Officer in their Absence, shall, once every Year at least,- issue out their Warrants to their Inferior Officers, commanding them to make diligent Search and Inquiry in their several Precincts, that all be duly Lifted, Armed, and Equipt, and to return: to them such Defects as shall be found, to the end the fame may be reformed^ on Penalty of Twenty Pounds: And that once every Three Months, or oftner, as Occasion shall require, and Command be given by the Captain General and' Commander in Chief, for the time being, the several Companies and Troops in> each Regiment, shall meet at the next and most convenient Places, to be'

appointed

Atm Regm frnno Ann* Regmrf. 55

appoinjedby the respective Officers, to be then and there by them Muttered and Bxercifed.

And be it further Enacted, That during the time the said Officers, and Soldiers are in Arms, they shall observe and keep ail and every the Laws and Articles of War, and give all due Obedience to their Superior Officers*: which Laws and Articles the Captain General and Comniander in Chief, with:Advice of a General Council of War, is to make and establish, and the Commanders of the several Regiments to give out Copies of the said Articles untotherefpe-ctive Officers, that the fame may be pubtickly read, once every Three Months* unto the Soldiers, whilst they are in Arms,- that all Persons may the better know and observe their Duties*, And if it Hull happen that any of the Officers or Soldiers shall, when they are out of Arms, endeavour to take Revenge by Force,' for any tiling his or their Superior Officers lawfully did; in purfudnce of his or their Duty and: this Act, the said Officers and Soldiers shall be brought to a Court-Martial, and' there punished, as if the.Offence had been done in time of Service or Exercise, provided the Punishment does not extend toLifeot Cirnb> '• . • : r \.'i .•

And be it further Enacted, dre. That once every Year, or oftner,' if therdunto comcrjafededy each particular Captain Hull give to his Field-Officer, and die Field-Officer' to the Captain General and Commander in Chief, for the time befogr;fai£ written Rolls of their respective Companies and Regiments*: And if any Fieid-Ofljcer, Captain, or .i>tiier Inferior Officer, shall neglect or contemn perfbrqiing the lawful Commands5 of the respective Superior , he or- they shall be .punished by.Fine, Cashiering, or other Punishment, according to the Discretion of a CourtrMartial, which the Captain General, or'Commander in Chief, is. to appoint and establish : And the Orders of the said Court-Martial are hereby, declared to be binding io all Military Affairs. And if any Person^ upon any Invasion, or other Publick Military Service, be wounded or; difabledj he shall be eured and maintained out of the Revenue. And if any Perfoti whatsoever shall be Sued, Molested, or Impleaded for any thing lawfully commanded in the Execution and Performance of this present Act, he shall plead the General Issue, and give this present Act in Evidence, and shall thereupon, if found for him, recover Treble Costs of Suit.

- Provided always, and it is hereby Enacted, That the several Fines and Forfeitures .mentioned in this Act, shall be disposed of as followeth, That all foeh ns do relate to iahy Person under the Degree of a Captain, shall be ad* judged by, and bo to - the respective Captains, to defray the Charge!of their Companies-or Troops, and to be Levied before the next Exercising Day, by Distress" and Sale of the Offender s Goods, by the Captain s Warrant to the Serjeant or Corporal j and if no Distress be found j the Punishment to be by Hiding the WOoden-Horse, or being Tied Neck and Heels, not exceeding One Hour, at the Discretion of their Officers. But if the Offender be a Servant, the Owner’s Goods shall be liable to the Distreffes and Sales aforesaid, so that Satisfaction may be made. And if any such Serjeant or Corporal, lb, as aforesaid, appointed by the Captain, shall refuse to execute such Warrant to him granted, such Serjeant or Corporal shall forfeit, for every such Offence, for the Use aforementioned, the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be Levied by Distress, as is aforesaid, by such other Serjeant or Corporal, by the like Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Captain, as is before . in this Act expressed. And for all other Penalties mentioned in this Act, the same to be Levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels by the Provost-Martial, by Warrant from the Captain General, or Commander in Chief, or the Chief Field-Officer where such Offenders are; ode Half thereof shall be to the Captain General, or Commander in Chief, and the other Half to the said Field-Officers of that Regiment where the Offence is committed* And if the Fines that do relate to any Person under the Degree of a Captain, shall not amount to a Sum sufficieiu to de-

ooooie

5 6 Amo Regn't Primo Aniise Regmk.

Ml I----- -

fray the Charge of the Captain’s Companies or Troops, that then the Overplus wanting to be Levied upon the several Soldiers equally, by Warrant or Order of the Colonel, or Chief Officer of the Regiment, Troop, or Companies.

And be it further Enabled, &c. That it shall and may be lawful for any Commissionr Officer, belonging to the Regiment of the Cities o and Albany, or to any the Companies in the Town of in the County of

Ulster, under the Degree of a Captain, in the Absence of the said Captain, to grant Warrants of Distress against any Person whatsoever, that, shall absent themselves from their Duty on the Night-Guards, without fending a sufficient Person to serve and watch in their fteadj which said Warrants so granted, shall be as effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, - as if they, or any of them,

had been granted by the Captains themselves. -

And be it further Enacted, 6'c. That all Persons so Lifted, as aforesaid, shall readily attend their Duty, and serve on their Watches, when thereunto appointed by their Officer or Officers, under the Penalty of Six Shillings for each Default, to be Levied by Distress, as is aforesaid.

And be it further Bia&ed, &c. That no Person whatsoever presume to fird any Small Arms after Eight of the Clock at- Night, unlef£ in case of an Alarm, Imurredfion, or any other lawful Occasion j and in either of theL said Cafes* Four Musquets, or Small Arms, distinctly fired, or where great Guns’are*- tha Firing »f One great Gun, and Two Musquets, or Small Arms distkvftly,' and Beating of a Drum, shall be taken for an Alarm i And every Person that shall neglect his Duty in taking and giving forward an Alarm by Firing, as. aforesaid,' shall be guilty of Firing Small Arms after Eight of the Clock at Night, and, un- less as aforesaid, shall be fined, or otherwise punished at the Diicretiott of a Court-Martial, not extending to Life or Limb. And in case of such an Alarm,' every Soldier is immediately to repair Armed to his- Colours, or Court of Guard, upon Penalty of Five Pounds. / vtis.

And for the better Prevention of false Alarms, no Captain, Master, or Commander of any Ship or Vessel riding at Anchor in any the Harbours, Potts* or Bays within this Province, or any dtner Person, fire any-Gurt, or beat any Drum* after Eight of the Clock at Night, under the Penalty of Four' Pounds for every Gun so fired, or Drum beaten, to be Levied by Warrant from the Chief Officer, not under the Degree of a Captain ( who is hereby Impowered to administer an Oath, and give Judgment thereupon) by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods; and for want of such Distress, the said Chief Officer is Impowered to commit such Offenders to the Goal, there to <remaih until Payment be made of the fame. And that in case the said Chief Officer shall not perform his Duty therein, he shall forfeit1 Ten Pounds, to be Levied by Warrant from the Ciptain General, or Commander in Chief, for the time being.

Provided always, That this Clause shall in no way concern or extend to any Captain, or other Officer of Her Majesty's Ships of War, for their Firing at set-ting the Watch. '

And be it further Enacted, &c. That all Trumpeters and Drummers lately in Service, or that shall by the several Captains be put into that Service, during the Captain’s Pleasure, shall serve upon the Salary of Forty Shillings ' for a Trumpeter, and Twenty Shillings per Ann. for a Drummer, finding their Trumpet and Drum; and Twenty Shillings for a Trumpeter, and Ten Shillings for a Drummer, if the Captain find them, upon Penalty of Forty Shillings.

And be it further Enacted, fjc. That all Captains of the Companies in the several Towns within this Province, do take due Ore to Lift all Youth, as they shall come to the Age of Sixteen Years. And if any Debate shall arise concerning the Age of any such Youth, the same shall be determined by the Oath of their Parents, or any other credible Person, taken before some Justice of the Peace, who are hereby Required and Impowered to Administer the fame; in the Words following, Viz.;

I A.B.

Anno Regni Primo Ann*

57

I A.B. do Swear upon the Holy of Almighty God,

That C.D. the Son of E. F. Lifted m Company,

is Tears Old, and no Older.

So help me God.

Which Oath being certified to the said Justice by the said Captain of the said Militia Troop or Company where the said Person is Lifted, and it appearing upon Oath that such Person is not of the Age of Sixteen Years, he shall be dismissed until such time as he attain to that Agfe.

Provided always, and it is hereby further Enabled, &c. That all the Members of Her Majesty's Council, Justices of the Peace, High-Sheriffs, Coroners, and all Officers of Courts, Ministers, School-masters, Physicians, and Surgeons, shall be free from being Lifted in any Troop or Company within this Province j any thing contained herein to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided always, and be it further Enacted, &c. That nothing in this Act contained be expounded, construed, or understood, to Diminish, Alter, or A-bridge the Power of the Captain General, or Commander in Chief, for the time being, but that in all Things, and upon all Occasions, he may ad as fully and freely as Captain General, or Commander in Chief, to all Intents ana Purposes, as if this Act had never been made j any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further Enacted, &c. That all and every Act and Acts heretofore made for Settling the Militia of this Colony, or any ways relating thereunto, be and are hereby for ever Repealed, Reversed, Vacated, and become Null, Void, and of none Effect. And the said Acts, and all Articles and Clauses therein mentioned, are hereby Declared to be Repealed, Reversed, Vacated, and become Null, Void, and of none Effect, to all Intehts, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had never been made and Enacted; any thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also, and be it further Enacted, &c. That this Act, nor any Article or Clause therein contained, shall be construed or taken to allow or give Liberty to any Negro, or to any Indian Slave or Servant, to be Lifted, or to do any Duty in the Militia of this Province.

Provided always, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall be Sued, Pro- v fecuted, or his Goods and Chattels liable to any Levy or Seizure, by Virtue of any Clause in this Act before-mentioned, but within the Space of Three Ka-lendar Months after the Committing the respective Fads hereby made Offehces, and not at any time after the said Three Months. I

And be it further Enacted, ( '7c.That whenever it shall so happen that Money shall be raised by Ad of General Assembly of this Colony, for the Railing and Paying of Men for the Defence of the Frontiers, the several and respective Captains, or other Officers, commanding the Companies respectively, for the time being, shall and may, by Virtue of this Act, appoint or detach such and so many of the respective Companies as shall be required for that Service by the Captain General, or other Superior Officers, by leaving a Note -in Writing at their respective Houses, or last Place of Abode, signifying when and where they shall appear, Ten Days inclusive before the Day of such Appearance. And if any Person or Persons, for whom such Note shall be left, as aforesaid, shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed, and perform the Service required of him, he or they shall forfeit the Sum of Six Pounds', to be recovered by the respective Captains, or other Officers, in the respective Courts of Common Pleas of such County or Place where such Offence mall be committed, or Offender shall be found, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no

P vProtedion,

5«

Anno Regni Prime Annas Regina.

Protection, Essoign, Imparlance, or Wager of Law shall be allowed : Which Forfeiture of Six Pounds shall be applied and given to the Use of such Person t>f Periods who shall be summoned to appear and serve in the room of such Offender, making Default of Appearance, as aforesaid.

An J8against Forgingy Counterfeiting, and CJipting of Foreign

Coinywhich is current Money in the Colony of New-York.

Forasmuch as by the Laws of this Colony no condign Punishment is at this time provided for such evfl-disposed Persons as shall Counterfeit, Forge, Clip, File, or otherwise Lessen and Debase such kind of Gold or Silver, of other Realms, as current Money in Payment within this Colony of New-York, whereby divers evibdisposed Persons, as well without this Colony as Within, are encouraged and imboklened basely to Counterfeit, Forge, Clip, Hie, and otherwise Lessen and Debase such kind of Gold and Silver, and utter the fame in this Colony, to the great Detriment of Her Majesty's Subjects: Be it therefore Enacted by the Governor, and Council, and Representatives convened in General Assembly, &c. That if any Person or Persons hereafter shall falsely Forge, Counterfeit, Clip, File, or otherwise Lessen or Debase such kind of Gold Or Silver, as is the current Money of this Colony, and is permitted to be current within the same, the Offenders therein, their Promoters, Aiders, and A-bettors, being Convicted thereof, according to the Laws of Her Majesty's Kingdom of England, of such Offences, shall be Imprisoned for the Space of One

whole Year and a Day, and forfeit all their Goods and Chattels; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

BE it Enacted by his Excellency the Governor, and ‘Council, and Represen-( tatives convened in General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons hereafter, throughout this Province, do presume to Trade with any Slave, either in Buying or Selling, without Leave and Content of the Master or Mistress, on Penalty of Forfeiting Treble the Value of the Thing traded for, and the Sum of Five Pounds, current Money of New-York, to the Master or Mistress of such Slave, to be recovered offudi Person or Persons so Trading contrary to the true Intent of this Act, by Addon of Debt, in any Courtrof Record within this Province, where such Sum or Sums is cognizable j and all Bargains and Contrafts made with any 'Slave, contrary to the Intent of this Act, mall be utterly Void.

And be it further Enacted, &c. That hereafter it shall and may be lawful for ttny Master or Mistress of Slaves, to punish their Slaves for their Crimes and Offences at Discretion, not extending to Life or Member.

And forasmuch as the Number of Slaves in die Cities of New-York and Albany, and also in other Towns within this Province, doth daily increase, and that they have been found oftentimes guilty of Confederating together in Rutting away, or other ill Practices: Be it therefore Enacted,- &c. That it shall not

An Act for Regulating Slaves.

hereafter

Anno Regni Frtmo Annas

JLMk

-A.

59

hereafter be lawful for above Three Slaves to meet together at any other time, norat any other place, than when itlhall happen they-meet in some fervjje Employment for their Master or Mistress’s Profit, and by their Master or Mistress’s Consent, upon Penalty of being Whipt upon the Naked Back, at the Discretion of any Justice of the Peace, not exceeding Forty Lashes. And that it shall and may be lawful hereafter for any City or Town within this Province, to havfe ana appoint a Common Whipper for their Slaves; and for his Salary, it shall and may be lawful for any City or Town within this Province, at their Common-Council or Town-Meeting, to agree upon such Sum to be paid him by the Master or Mistress of Slaves per Head, as they shall think fit, not exceeding Three Shillings per Head for all such Slaves as shall be whipt, as aforesaid. And in case any Slave shall presume to Assault or Strike any Free-man or Woman professing Christianity, it shall be in the Power of any Two Justices of the Peace, who by this Act are hereunto Authorized, to commit such Slave to Prison, not exceeding Fourteen Days for one Fast, and to inflict such other corporal Pu-nishment ( not extending to Life or Limb ) upon him, her, or them so offending, as to the said Justices shall seem meet and reasonable.

And be it further Enacted, &c. That no Person or Persons whatsoever do hereafter Employ, Harbour, Conceal, or Entertain other Mens Slaves at their House, Out-house, or Plantation, without the Consent of their Master or Mistress, either signified to them verbally, or by Certificate in Writing, under the said Master or Mistress’s Hand, upon Forfeiture of Five Pounds for every Night or Day, to the Master or Mistress of such Slave or Slaves, so that the Penalty of such Slave do not exceed the Value of the said Slave. And if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall be found guilty of Harbouring, Entertaining, or Concealing of any Slave, or assisting to the Conveying them away, if such Slave shall happen to be loft, dead, or otherwise destroyed, such Person or Persons, so Harbouring, Entertaining, Concealing, Assisting, or Conveying of them away, shall be also liable to pay the Value of such Slave to the Master or Mi-stress, to be recovered by Action of Debt, in manner aforesaid.

And whereas Slaves are the Property of Christians, and cannot, without great Loss or Detriment to their Masters or Mistresses, be subjected in all Cafes criminal, to the strict Rules of the Laws of England; Be it therefore Enacted, &c. That hereafter if any Slave by Theft, or other Trespass, shall damnifie any Person or Persons to the Value of Five Pounds, or under, the Master or Mistress of such Slaves shall be liable to make Satisfaction for such Damage to the Party injured, to be recovered, by Action of Debt, in any Court having Jurisdfftioil and Cognizance of Pleas to that Value, and the Slaves shall receive corporal Punishment at Discretion of a Justice of the Peace, and immediately thereafter be permitted to attend his or her Master or Mistress’s Service, without further Punishment.

And be it further fajafted, &c. That no Slave shall be allowed good Evidence in any Matter, Cause, or Thing whatsoever, excepting in Cafes of Plotting or Confederacy amongst themselves, either to Run away. Kill, or Destroy their Master or Mistress, pr Burning of Houses. or Bams, or Barracks of Com, or the Killing of their Master or Mistress’s Cattle, and thatagainst one another, in which Cafe the Evidence of one Slave shall be allowed good against .another Slave. --if:

An

i

le

6o

Anno Regni Primo Annae Regina.

Confirmed An Act for the Defiroying of Wolves within this Colony.

Forasmuch as the Neglect of killing Wolves within this Colony, ( occasioned as well by the Inequality of the Distribution, and Smallness of the Reward, as the Difficulty in attaining what formerly by the Laws has been allowed ) divers of the Inhabitants of the fame Colony have differed many grievous Losses in their Stocks, both of Sheep and Neat Cattle; for the Prevention of which, and Encouragement of those who shall destroy Wolves in this Colony, and that the Breed of Wolves within this Colony may be wholly rooted out and extinguished. Be it Enacted by his Excellency the Governor, with the Consent of Her Majesty's Council, and Assembly for this Colony of New-York, That from and after the Publication hereof, whatsoever Person or Persons, Christian or Indian, Freedman or Slave, shall destroy or kill any W olf or Wolves, or their Whelp or Whelps, in the Counties of , Queens-County, and Kings-County, shall have and receive as a Reward, for each Wolf so destroyed and killed, the Sum of Three Pounds, current Money of this Colony; and for every such Whelp under a Year old, so destroyed and killed, the Sum of Thirty Shillings, current Money aforesaid.

In the County of Westchester, Twenty Shillings for a grown Wolf, killed by a Christian, and Ten Shillings for such a Wolf killed by an , and Half that Sum respectively for a Whelp.

In the County of Albany, Ten Shillings for a grown Wolf, killed either by Christians or Indianr, and Half that Sum for a Whelp.

In the County of Ulfier, Twelve Shillings for a grown Wolf, killed either by Christians or Indians, and Half that Sum for a Whelp.

And in the County of Richmond, Thirty Shillings of like Money for a grown Wolf, killed by a Christian, and Fifteen Shillings for such a Wolf, killed by an Indian, and Half that Sum respectively for a Whelp j to be paid by the Treasurer of each respective County where such Wolf or Wolves, Whelp or Whelps, shall happen to be destroyed and killed.

And for the more effectual Payment of the said Rewards, Be it Enacted, &c. That whosoever shall kill any Wolf or Wolves, their Whelp or Whelps, in the said Counties, shall,’ with a convenient Speed, bring the Head or Heads of such Wolves, so by them destroyed, to some One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of that County wherein the same shall be killed, who ( upon View thereof, and Examination of the Party and Circumstances, finding the same to agree with Probability and Truth ) is hereby Required to iflfue forth his Warrant, under his Hand and Seal,* directed to the Treasurer -of the respective County where such Wolf or Wolves, Whelp or Whelps, shall be killed, for the Payment of such Sum or Slims of Money to such Person or Persons who shall kill or destroy them, as by the fame Justice shall be awarded, according to the respective Rewards herein before specified. And such Tfeafurer is hereby required arid commanded to make due and immediate Payment of the fame,' according to the Contents of such Warrant,‘ and the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

And be it further Enacted, (ffc. That the Assessors and Collectors for the ' / Assefling and Collecting the Sum and Sums of Money for the Defraying the publick and necessary Charge in the several Counties aforesaid respectively, shall yearly, and every Year, Assefs the Inhabitants of their respective Counties, for the Payment of the Rewards aforesaid; and that such their Assessments be collected and paid in to the respective Treasurers of the said Counties; and that tj>£ Supervisors, or such others as now are, or at any time hereafter shall be Appointed and Authorized to supervise, audit, or allow of the Accounts and Payments of the respective Treasurers, shall allow and discharge such Treasurers,

Anno Regni Primo Atmx. Regina. 6t

j-ers, upon their Accounts, for all their Payments .made pursuant to such War- rant or Warrants, as is above set forth j any Law, Custom, or Ordinance to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

' - And in regard the respective Treasurers of the said Counties have nbt, Or it present may not have Money in their Hands for Defraying and Satisfying the Rewards by this Act allowed and intended to be given. Be it Enacted, &c.- That •' - \ -immediately after the Publication hereof, in each of the said Counties, the several and respective Persons for the time being, who are appointed for the AlTef-sing. Levying, Collecting, and Receiving the publick and necessary Charge within the respective Counties aforesaid, shall, in such manner as the publick MO*, nies have usually been heretofore Levied and Raised in each of the said Counties, over, and above what is before mentioned, cause the Sum of Thirty Pounds, lawful Money of this Colony, to be paid forthwith info the Hands of the respe-ftive Treasurers of the said Counties, there to remain and be disposed of for the, Ufo aforesaid, and ho otherwise. And also, that yearly hereafter, in each of the said Counties, a certain Sum of Money,; not exceeding Thirty Pounds, shall be, in manner aforesaid, Alfelfed, Raised, Levied, and Paid in to their respective Treasurers, there to remain and be ready for the Paying, Satisfying,' and Discharging the Rewards herein before expressed, and not otherwise.

And for the further Encouragement of such Persons who shall destroy and kill Wolves in the said Counties, and securing the Payment of the Rewards herein before-mentioned to be given unto them, Be it Enacted, &c. That if any Justice of the Peace, Treasurer, Assessor, Collector, Supervisor, or such other Persons as now are, or at any time hereafter shall be Appointed and Authorized to supervise, audit, or allow of the Accounts and Payments of the respective Treasurers, in the Counties aforesaid, shall neglect, deny, or refuse to do, perform, and execute the several and respective Acts and Duties herein before directed, commanded, or required to be done, performed, or executed, so that thereby any Person or Persons, who shall kill and destroy any Wolf or Wolves, their Whelp or Whelps, in the said Counties, shall remain for the space of One Year unpaid, or not rewarded, as is before mentioned, or Whereby such Treasurer, upon his Account, shall remain undischarged, every such Person so neglecting, denying, or refilling, shall forfeit and pay to the Party thereby grieved, the Sum of Five Pounds, current Money of , to be recovered by

Action of Debt in any of Her Majesty's Courts within this Colony.

Provided always, That such Action be brought and sued within One Year and a Day after such Offence committed, and not otherwise.

And be it further Enacted, (frc.That from and after the Publication of this Act, all former Acts and Laws for giving any Reward for destroying of Wolves and their Whelps, shall from thenceforth Hand Repealed, and be Void.

Provided, That whatsoever Person or Persons is by the said Acts or Laws entitled to any Reward or Rewards for destroying of Wolves, or their Whelps, shall not be barred or precluded from their lawful Demands > any thing herein contained notwithstanding.

There were also Pass'd at the same time these following Viz.

N,Act for the Levying and Collecting the Sum of One thousand eight _ hundred Pounds, for Paying and Maintaining One hundred and fifty Fu-zileers for Five Months, and Thirty Men to be employ’d as Scouts Sixty two Days, for the Defence of the Frontiers.

An Act for Granting unto Her Majesty the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, to Confirmed be applied ( with Her Majesty's good Pleasure ) to the Uses in this Act men- *oMar.t7of tioned.

Q An

to Anno Regni P Annae Regina.

An Act for Continuing the Revenue till the Eighteenth of One thousand seven hundred and nine.

An Act for Appointing Commissioners to Take, State, and Examine dje Accounts of the Revenue of this Colony.

tonfimui. An Act for the Encouragement of a Grammar-School in the City of Neuf-York.

An Act to Enable the Mayor and Aldermen, &c. of the City of New-Ybrh, to defray the Publick and Necelfary Charge annually.

An Act for the better Support and Maintenance of the Poor in the City of New-York.

An Act to Enable the City of New-York to supply the Vacancy of Elective Magistrates.

An Act for the Repealing several Acts of Assembly, &c. [ This wat dif-allowed. by Her Majesty, a6june, 1708.]

An Act for Continuing Judicial Process.

ACTS

ACTS passed by the General Assembly of New-York, in April and May, 1703.

An Act to Ascertain the Assize of , Measures,

and Bricks within this Colony,

c^saitite

'C.C-WivL ’ \

WHEREAS nothing is more agreeable to common Justice Ind Equity, nor for the Good and Benefit of any People or Government, who live in Community and Friend&ip together, than that they have one equal and just Weight and Balance, one true and perfect Standard and Assize of Measure among them; for want whereof Experience Ihews, that many Frauds and Deceits happen* which usually fall heavy upon the mean-eft and most indigent fort of People, who are least able to bear the fame, and may be accounted little better than Oppression: For Remedy of which Evil, Be it Enacted, and it is hereby Enacted by his Excellency the Governor, by an4 with the Consent of Her Majesty's Council, and Representatives of this Colony, &c. That from and after the First Day of next, no Cooper, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, within this City or Colony, shall make any dry Cask or Vessel, but of good and well-season’d Timber, and of the respective Dimensions following, viz.

Every Hogshead to be Forty Inches long. Thirty three Inches in the Bulge, Twenty seven Inches in the Head.

Every Tierce to be Thirty six Inches long, Twenty seven Inches in the Bulge!, and Twenty three Inches in the Head. 1

Every Barrel to be Thirty Inches long. Twenty six Inches in the Bulge, and Twenty two Inches in the Head.

Every Half Barrel to be Twenty five Inches long. Twenty Indies in the Bulge, and Sixteen Inches in the Head.

Every Quarter Barrel to be Twenty Inches long. Sixteen Inches in die Bulge, and Thirteen Indies in the Head.

AH Tite Barrels to contain Thirty one Gallons and an half of Wine-Measure each, and not to exceed or be half a Gallon over or under the lame ,* and all other Cask to contain in Proportion to a Barrel, upon Penalty of Five Shillings: for every Offence committed to the contrary hereof to be paid by the Maker or User of such Casks or Vessels, in whole Hands the said Offence shall first happen to be known or discovered.

And for the Preventing other Frauds and Deceits that may be in Casks made^ as aforesaid, Be it further Enacted, &c. That from and after the said First Day of Augusti all and every the Cask and Casks which shall be employed or ufei for the Stowing or Packing of Flour or Biscuit within this City or Province, for Transportation thereof, or otherwise in any way of Merchandize, before any

the

$4 AnnoRegrit Secundo Annas Regina

the said Goods or Commodities shall be put or pack'd therein, shall be truly weighed, and the just Weight and Tare thereof be let with a Marking-Iron upon the Head of each Cask so employed, as aforesaid, together with the Name of each respective Person using or employing the fame, upon the Penalty of Nine Pence, to be paid for every Neglect herein, by the Person or Persons respectively on whose Account any of the Goods or Commodities aforesaid, shall, to the contrary hereof, be flowed or packed, as aforesaid.

And be it further Enacted, &c. That from and after the First Day of -aforesaid, there shall be one just Beam or Balance, one certain Weigh rand Measure, and one Yard, that is to say, Averdupois and Troy Weights,' Bushels; Half-Bushels, Pecks, and Half-Pecks, according to the Standard of-Her .Maje-fty’s Exchequer in Her Realm of Enthroughout all this Colony, as well in Places privileged as without; any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwith-lknding j and that every Measure of Com shall be striked without Heap. And whosoever fell, buy, or keep any other Beam, Weight, Measure, or Yard, than as aforesaid, whereby any Corn, Grain, or other thing is bought or sold, from "> and after the Tinie limited*as aforesaid, shall forfek,'.for every dfrcli Offend ‘Twenty Shillings. k -•% . '

And for the better Observance and putting in 'Execution of this *Ad£, fit Persons be appointed in all Counties and Cities within this Colony, for the Sealing and Marking all Beams, Weights, Measures and Yards; to be used within thO respective Counties and Cities aforesaid, with the Letter [ (according to the Standard of Her Majesty's Exchequer that the fame may be known

throughout this Colony j and that his Excellency the Governor aforesaid, be desired to Nominate and Appoint such fit Persons in all proper Places within this Colony aforesaid; the which respective Persons, when Nominated and Appointed, shall take, for their Pains, in Sealing and Marking all such Beams, Weights1, Measures and Yards, as shall, from time to time, for that purpose be; brought in to'them, the Rate of Nine Pence, except Weights and small Liquid Measures, which shall pay only One Peny each, and no more, on Penalty of Five Shillings for the least Exaction therein. Saving always neverthelessiunto the Cities of NewAfork, Albany, and Borough of , and the Mayors there-?

of, for the time being, all,such Rights, Privileges, and Usages as they respectively can justly claim, as Clerks of the Market within the said Cities and Borough, or otherwise howsoever; any thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding. . .; 1

And be it also further Enabled, &c. That from and after the said First Day of August,no Person or Persons, be he’Master or Servant, shall make, or suffer to be made, in any Place or Places within this Colony, any Bricks, or ;Kiln of Bricks, but such as shall be well and throughly burnt, and of the Size and t)imensions following, that is to say. Every Brick to be and contain Nine Inches in ’Length* Four Inches and one Quarter of an Inch in Breadth, and Two Inches and one Half Inch in the Thickness thereof, all well ft ruck off jn good and workman-like Order and Manner, and made of right and well-temper’d Mould or Clay, on Penalty of Six Shillings for every Neglect. herein, to be said by the Master or Owner of the said Bricks or Kiln, in whose Hands, or wheresoever the Neglect or Offence aforesaid shall be discovered or found out* except Well-Bricks.

And.it is hereby also further Enacted, &c. That from and after'the Time .limited, as aforesaid, no other Casks, Beams, Weights, Measures, Yards, or Bricks, shall be used within this Colony, than such as aforesaid ( except Well-Bricks, and such other Bricks as are already made, or to be made before the Commencement of this Act) on the Penalty of Twenty Shillings, to be paid by the Person using the fame, or any of them.

- , ... P/ovided

ffj

ArmpRegni -Seamdo Annas Regind.

T %__ u_____JXII _[ ...... — . . i

Provided always, That all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures in and by this Act set and appointed, as aforesaid, shall be one Half tp die Use of the Poor of the Parish, Town, or Place, where the Default or Offence happens to be, the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall Inform and Sue for the fame Forfeitures in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record within this Colony, or else to be recovered to the Uses aforesaid, upon Conviction of the Offender, by the Oath of Onedufficient Withe ft, before dny Justice of the Peace, Mayor, or other Head-Officer, of the City, County, Town, or Place, respectively where the Offence against,; or Breach, of this Act shall be committed, (who, by Virtue of this Act, shall have Power to administer an Oath in that be-, ha#) by way. of Distreft and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, the Overplus, if any be, after Charges of the Distress deduded, to be returned to the Owner thereof j And where no Distress can be had, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace, Mayor, or Head-Officer aforesaid,; to commit the said Offender or Offenders to Prifori, there to remain without-Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall pay the Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid, for which they shall be so committed, to the Uses aforesaid.

Provided also, That no Prosecution shall be for any of the Forfeitures aforesaid, but within Three Months after the respective Fads are committed} any-thing herein to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

An Act for the Lay ing out, Regulating, Gearing, and

ving Publick Common Highways throughout this Colony.

FOR the better Laying out, Afoertaining, Repairing, and Preserving the Publick, Common, and General High-ways within this Colony, Be it Evaded by. the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, That there be laid out, preserved, and kept for ever, in good and sufficient Repair, One Publick, Common, and General High-way, to extend from the now Site of the City of New-York, through the City and County of and the County of Westchester, oithe Breadth of Four Rod, £«g////) Measure, at the

Least, to be, continue, and remain for ever, the Publick, Common, and Gene-; sal Road and, High-way from the said City of Nezv-York ta the' adjacent Colony of Connecticut.; .

: .And also, One ocher Publick, Common, and General High-way, to extend from the Eqty in Kings-County, through the same County, andj

the County of Suffolk, of the fame ( Breadth of Four Rod, English Measure, at{ the least, to T?e, continue, and remain for ever, the Publick, Common, General Road, and High-way from the Ferfy -aforesaid, to the Town of in the County, of Suffolk... . T

And Qpe other Publick, Common, General Highway, to extend from King}-Bridge, iii the County of Westchester, through the same County of Westchejlerr Butder-County, and the County of Albany y of the Breadth of Four Rod, Measure, at the least, to be, continue^ and remain for ever, the Publick, Com^ nipri, Geherid.High-way from Kings-Bndge aforesaid, to the Ferry at

pver agaipft the City of Albany. .( , / j.j

, And further* One other Publick, Common, General Highway, to extend from the SohlHerly Bounds of the Cou/ity of Orange, to the County of and County of Albany, of the Breadth of Four Rod, English Measure, atthe>v least, to be, fontinue, and remain for ever, the Publick, Common, General' Road and High-way from the Southerly Bounds of the County of Orange afore-

R laid,

i

66

A

Jmo Regni Settmdo Anna: Regm&.

fcid, co the City of Albany, and from thence to the Town of in

the County of Albany aforesaid.

And also, (toe other Publick, Common, General ROad and High-Way, id die County of Richmond, from the Ferry at the Watering-place, through the find County, to Billop^Point, over against Amboy, in the Province of New* Jersey.

And be it further Enacted, &c. That there Hull be Common High-ways laid eut, ascertained, repaired, and preserved for ever, of the Breadth of Four Rod, English Measure, as well from the several Towns and Villages within this Co* lony, to the next contiguous Towns and Villages, and from one Town or VII-lage to another, as the several and respective Publick, Common, and General Roads and High-ways before*-mentioned, and to such convenient Landing-placed in each respeddve Town and Village ( where their respective Situations will afford and require it) for the better and easier Transportation of Goods, and the commodious Palling of Travellers, as direct and convenient as the Circum* Ranees of Place will admit of, at the Directions of the Commissioners relpe* (lively hereafter mentioned.

And be it further Enacted, &c. Tlwt if any Person or Persons, from and after the Publication hereof shall girdle, bark, or cut down any living Tree or Trees, (landing and growing in any Common and Publick Road or High-way, already laid out, or now commonly used as such, or that hereafter mail be laid out, ascertained, and appointed, of the Diameter of Four Inches, or above, (half forfeit, for each living Tree so cut down, the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be recovered by Plaint before any of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the Town or Precinct where such Offence shall be committed, who, by Virtue hereof hath and shall have Power and Authority to Examine, Hear, and Determine the lame, one Half to the Party who dull Complain and Sue for the lame, and the other Half to the Poor of the respective Town or Precinct where such Offence shall be committed.

And be it further Enabled, &c. That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, after the Publication hereof shall Stop up, Lessen, Contract, Narrow, or IncrOach On any Common, General, Publick Road or High-way within this Colony, and shall thereof be Convicted before any of Her Majesty s Courts within the same Colony, by the due Course of the Laws thereof, shall suffer such' Paid, by Fine and Imprisonment, as by the Consideration of the fame Court shall bq awarded, and the feme Nufence to be forthwith thrown down, pulled up, Ot removed.

, And be it farther Enacted, &c. That the respective Owners of the several Townships, Manors, and Lands, by or through which any Common^, General^ Or Publick Road or High-way shall be laid out, ascertainea, and appointed, shall be bound and obliged, from time to time, and at all times hereafter^ well and sufficiently to Clear, Amend, and Repair, asOccasion shall require, all such Roads and High-ways as shall be laid out and run by or through their, or any of their Lands respectively, as aforesaid, under Pain, of Fine and Imprisonment for every Omission Qr Neglect, to be Prosecuted, in the Courts aforesaid, by Preferment or Indictment, by good and lawful Men of the Places where focn Offences respectively shall be committed.

And for the better putting this Act in Execution, Re it Enacted, &c. That Commissioners shall be, and are hereby appointed throughout this Colony, who shall be, and are hereby Impowered, Authorized, and Required, with all convenient Speed, to put this Act, and every Matter and Cfeme therein, in due Execution, according to the true Intent and Meaning* thereof,! in and through their respective Counties and Districts, for.Which tfaey shall be Nominated and Appointed, that is to fey, /

• For the City and County of Suffolk, Mr. Thomat Itdehm, Lieutenant Joseph Pierfw,.and-Mr. ffobn Turtle, - 1

Amo RegrihSecimJo Annse 6 f

For gyeenst County, Colonel John Jackfony Mr. Thomas and £d-

ward Butro&fy Esq*

For Kixrs-Ccxntj, Mr. Peter CmiUeally jcfcph Hegetmdlty Esq; and ME Ben-

jamin VandeWater.

For the County of Ricbitond, Captain Joseph , Captain Nicholas Mi*» n’ing, and Mr. Jacob Pension.

For the City and County of Neth-York> Mr. William Aftderfoty Mr. Qeriteni Elsworthy and Mr. Peter Opleneusi

For the County of Weflchester, Mr. Joseph Mr. Adolph

•nd Mr. Joseph Drake.

Feu* Dutches-County, Mr. Bathat van Gift, Mr. and Mr.

bert Lrvingftone.

For die City and County of Albany, Colonel Major Derick Weffelsy Mr. John Brunky ind Mr. E*ven Banker.

For the County of Ulftery Mr. John Cock$ Mr* Jacob Aertforiy and Mr. Abraham Hasbrook.

And for the County of Orangey Mr. Peter , Mr. Bhvelts,

tnd Mr* Albert Minuet.

And if iny the said Commissioners shall happen to Die, Or refuse to Serve, before the Services by them in this Act required to be done and performed, bd acconipliflied and perfected, the Deputies or Representatives, for the time beings for the respective Cities and Counties where such Commissioner or Commission-ors ffaaJX happen to Die, or refuse to Serve, are hereby Required and Author rized to Nominate and Appoint, under their Hands and Seals, others in the stead tod place of those who shall so Die, or Refuse, who are and shall be Commilfioher Or Commissioners for such respective County, to all Intents, as if they had been actually Nominated and Appointed in and by this present A6i.

, And be ife also Enacted, &c. Thit the said Commissioners, or any Two of them respectively, for the respective Cities and Counties for which they are nominated Commissioners, which said Commissioners, and every of them, shall remain, continue, and be Commissioners, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes in this Act mentioned, for the Space and Term of Three Years from the Publication hereof shall take effectual Care, that this Act, and every Clause,

Matter, and Thing therein contained, be put in Execution, according to the true Inteftt and Meaning hereof, and the several Common, General, and Pub1-lick Highways herein before-mentioned, well and sufficieotly bid out, ifeer-tained, and deebred, as well for the Carriage of Goods, as the Passage of Tra*-vellers, Within die Space of Eighteen Months from and after the Publication of this prtferit Ad.

• And in regard the Duty and Services by this Act required of the respective Commif&taers, cannot be done and performed but by some considerable Labour, Lois of Time, and Expence; Be it therefore Enacted, &c* Thar the said Commissioners, and each of them, shall, during the time they, and each of them, be adwllly upon the Service and Duty by this Act requited of them, have and receive the Sum of Six Shillings by the Day, current Money of this Colony, towards Defraying the necessary Expence and Charge they, and each of then#, shall be at, during the time they, and each of them, shall be a&uafly upon the Service and Duty aforesaid, to be paid by the fespective Cities and Counties they fctve for and the several and respective Supervisors, Treafuters, and Other Persons and Officers authorized, employed, or appointed for the Railing, Levying, and Paying the Charge of the several Cities and Counties within this Colony, are hereby commanded and required to ftaife, Levy* and Pay the lame, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds for each Refusal, Neglect, or Omiflioh, tube recovered by any the respective Commissioners before-named, who lhafl be defrauded or delayed of the Sum or Sums of Money allowed by this Act, by Act*-ok of Debt, to oe brought in any of Her Majesty s Courts of thW Colonp

' And

$8 Amo Regnt SectmUo'Aimae Regim.

And be it also Enabled, &c. That the fame Commissioners, or any Two of them, as aforesaid, for their respective Cities and Counties for which they are and shall be appointed, at their Discretions, as they shall judge fit and convenient, mall and may permit, order, fufrer, and allow good, ealie, sufficient Swing* ing Gates in any of the Common High-ways for the several Towns and Villages within this Colony, to their next contiguous Towns and Villages, and from one Town or Village to another, as also to the several Publick, Commorr, and General Roads and High-ways, and to such convenient Landing-places, as before-mentioned.

Always Provided, The fame Gates be made, set up, and maintain’d at the Cost, Charge, and Expence of die Person or Persons respectively, at whose Desire, Instance, and Request the fame Gates are or shall be permitted and allowed.

And that the said Commissioners, or any Two of them* ‘ where Keceffity or the Conveniency of such Road or High-way shall require 'it, .-shall and may dir red, order, and allow the Felling, Cutting out. Carrying' away, or Consuming any living Tree or Trees whatever, for the clearing of any Road, Path^of Highway j any thing before in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstafntiin’g.

And further, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, as aforesaid, where any Fence or Inclosure is or shall be, at the Publication hereof, made, erected, or set up, Contracting,- Naffowing, or Obstruding any of the Roads or High-ways before-mentioned, to give,such -tea* sonable time for the Removing, Pulling up, or Levying such Fence or Indoforei not exceeding more than Two Years from the Publication of this; Ad^’as to them the said Commissioners shall appear equitable, just, and convenient.'

And be it further Enacted, (be. That where it shall so happen, that- ihe laid Road or High-ways shall lie, run, or be laid out, where the Bounds of several Counties are inDispute, the Commissioners, or any TWd of them, of both-those Counties respectively, shall be liable, and take effectual Care, that this Act, and every Clause therein, be put dn Execution; any such-Dispute, Or* any other Doubt or Controversie notwithstanding. f ! : i

And be it further Enacted, C be.That the Commissioners herein before.by this Act Appointed and Authorized, and hereafter to be Appointed and Authorized^ as in this Act is directed, for the Term and Space of Three Years before-mem tionedj and after the Expiration of the said Three, Years, the Survey orfoftbe High-ways, in an Act of General Assembly mentioned, Intituled^. An Act for the Enabling each respective Town within this Province to Regulate their Fences and High-ways, and make prudential Orders for their Peace and

merit, are hereby Commanded and Required, Authorized, Impowered, and Appointed, to take Care that this Act, and every Clause, Matter, And Thing in the lame contained, be duly,’truly, arid effectually performed, done, and" put in Execution, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, undehithe Pei flaky of Twenty Pounds for every Omission, Neglect, or Refusal, thd o4e Half thereof to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, to be applied to the -contingent Charge of the Government, and the other Half to the Party whq shall Sue for the fame by Action of Debt, in any of Her Majesty's Courts wfdthin this Colony., , ... . t’ / I zb-rrvrj

Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; That all the Roads and Publick High-ways by this Act intended, shall be of Four Rod, at the least, in such as are now already uled.and laid out, and of the Biteadth of Six Rod, at the least, where any new Publick Roads or High-ways shall bere-.after, by Virtue of this Act, belaid out. . , .'I

Provided also. That the Publick Roads and High-ways in the Coiinties. of XJlfter and: 4lbany, shall be laid out and ascertained according to the Diirienfionsj nnd as JLs in this Act before expressed, except where such High-ways! .shall run .through Meadow Ground, to be only Twenty Foot wide, and not otherwise, and that jhejame High-ways shall and may be cleared and maintained- accord?

- ■' " ing

Anno Regn't Secundo Annas Regmd. 6p

ing to the Methods formerly, and at present, used and practised in, the said Counties. . . \ h

Provided also, That in the County of Orange and , although the Ways

to be laid out shall be of the Breadth of Six Rod at the least, the said Counties are not hereby oblig’d to Clear or Maintain any other Path or High-way than for Horse and Man only, or in the County of Ulster from the Pallze to Orange County.

And be it further Enacted, dye. That the Commissioners for every respective County, Hull return to the Clerk of every County respectively, a full and per-fed Report and Description of the Manner and Extent of every Road they Avail, from time to time, lay,out; and the Clerk of every County is hereby required to Record all and every such Return and Report, as the respective Commissioners shall, from time to time, make to them, pursuant to the Directions of this Act. -

An Act for the better Explaining, and more in Confirmed

Execution, an Act of General Asse made in the

Tear of the late King William and Queen Mary,

An Adfc for Defraying the Publick and Neceliary Charge throughout this Province, and for Maintaining the Poor, and Preventing Vagabonds.

Forasmuch as many Disputes, Cavils, Controverts, and Mistakes, have hap. pened and been occasioned, as well by the Generality of the Words in* a certain Act of General Assembly, Intituled, An Defraying the

Publick and NecessaryCharge throughout this P, and for Maintaining

Poor, and Preventing Vagabonds, as many other Omissions and Defects Experi-

ence has found and observed in the fame : Be it therefore Enacted by the Governor, Council, and Representatives in General Assembly, and by the Author rity of the fame. That there be Elected and Ghofen, once every Year, in each respective Town within this Province, by the Free-holders and Inhabitants thereof one of their Free-holders and Inhabitants, to Compute, Ascertain, Examine, Oversee, and Allow the Contingent, Publick, and Necessary Charge of each County j and that each and every Inhabitant, being a Free-holder in any Manor, Liberty, Jurisdiction, Precind, and Out-Plantation, shall have Liberty to joyn his or their Votes with the next adjacent Town in the County, where such Inhabitants shall dwell, for Choice of a Supervisor (except the Manor of Ranflaerfwicky who shall have Liberty to chuse a Supervisor for the fame Manor.)

And also, that there shall be in each Town, Manor, and Precind, by tfi6 Freeholders and Inhabitants thereof, in every respective County, annually chosen Two Assessors, and One Collector; which Supervisors, Assessors, and Collectors shall be annually chose in every Town on the First Tuesday in April, or such Days as is appointed by their Charters or Patents j which Supervisors so chosen, shall annually meet at the County-Town in each respective County on the First Tuesday in October, and at such other Time and Times as the said Super-, visors shall find necessary and convenient, and compute all such Publick; Necessary contingent Charges as they shall find their respective Counties properly chargeable with, and all such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall be brought and exhibited to or before them, that have or shall be imposed or laid on the; fame Counties by, the Laws of this Colony j which Computation being made

S and

70

Arm Regn't "Sectmdo Annas-

-and perfo&ed, and the Proportion of each Town,. Manor, Liberty, Jultfcfrction, and Precinct, within the respective Counties ascertained and appointed, which the said Supervisors, of the major part of them, for the several Counties respe-Cfcively, are hereby Impowered and Required to Afeertafii and Appoint, shall be transmitted, under the Hands and* Seals of the said Supervisors, to the AlTelTors of each respective Town, Manor, Liberty, Jurisdiction, and Prerinct,chosert, as aforesaid > which Assessors are hereby required equally, duly, and impartially tb Assess and make a Rate for their respectiveProportions, being first Sworn, equally, duly, and impartially to make fitch Assessment, before any of the Justices Of the Peace for the same County where such Assessor shall reside ( who ire hereby Authorised and Required to administer such Oath ) which AffefF* ment being so made, shall be delivered to the respectivmCbllectors, who are by this Act impowered to Collect and Pay the feme unto- the County-Treasurer, who shall be annually chose in each respective County by the Supervisors aforesaid. And if any Person or Persons shall refuse, delay, or neglect to pay the said Assessment or Rate, that it shall and may be lawful for the Collectors aforesaid, to Collect and Levy the fame by Distress on the Goods and Chattels of the Defaulters, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Supervisors of each respective County aforesaid, or the major part of them, who are hereby obliged to affix such Warrant aforesaid to each Affe$fnent, so to .be transmktecftothe Colfedors^ as aforesaid, who are hereby required to pay an<jl lodge in the Hands of the Treaflirer of each respective County, the Sum and Sums of Money by tnein respectively Collected, according ter the Computation Of th^ contingent Charges made and perfeded, as aforesaid. - And the said Treifuter ftalf receive and pay all such Sum and Sums of Money Assessed, Collected, and Paid in, as aforesaid, according to the said Computation, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Supervisors, of the major part of them respectively. And the said Treasurers shall keep a distinct Book of Accounts of the Receipts, Disbursements, and Payments of the Money To assessed and Collected, as before mentioned, and once every Year, at the Annual Meeting of the said iSupef-visors, bring in and exhibit his or their Accounts before them, for their Audit thereof: And they are, and shall hereby be made liable to an Action of Account to the Supervisors of each County, or the major part of them reflectively, for all such Sum and Sums of Mohey they shall receive, as aforesaid, which laid Supervisors are by this Act Impowered and Entitled to Sue, Maintain, and Prosecute such Action for the Use of their respective Counties; and the said Treasurers shall and may plead arid discharge themselves in such maimer as other. Receivers or Bailiffs by the Law cart Or oUght to dos 1 And further, That the said Collectors shall be allowed to take and receive Kine Pence for each Pound they shall so Collect, as aforesaidj and that the said Treaforers shall retain and have Silt Pence on the Pound for what Matties they shall receive and pay, as aforesaid, to wit, Three Pence for Receiving, and Three Pence for Paying.

And be it further Enacted, That if the Supervifot or Supervisors, Assessor or Assessors, Collector or Collectors, Treasurer or Treuftirers, so chose, as aforesaid, shall deny, neglect, refuse, delay, or fail to do, perform, and execute all and every, or any Article, Clause, Thing and Things required and contained in this Act, on such Days and Times, and in mariner herein before1 expressed, according to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, they, and each of them, so Denying, Neglecting,- Refuting, Delaying, or Failing, as aforesaid, .shall forfeit Five Pounds, current Money of this Colony, for every such Offence, to be recovered by the Person Or Persons who is or shall be delayed, wronged, or injured by any such their, or arty of their Offence, in any of Her Majesty's Courts in-this Colony, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, besides being liable to an Action of Trespass, gtouttded on the Cafe, to every such Person who shall be Fo-delayed, wronged,

' ' or

Aimp 'Regni Secuiido Arifise R^gma. y i

br injured; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary hereof i# iny wife fl6t-'withstanding.

And be it further Enacted, dye. That the Supervisors, Asse{Tors,'arid Goned-,ors for the several and respective Towns within this Cofooy, from' whbra yearly Quit-Rents or Chief-Rents are due, or hereafter shall betfome dste, on whom such Rents are chargeable, are hereby Empowered. and Reared po take effectual Care that the fame be duly and truly paid, according ro thermie " " v Intent, Meaning, and Expression of their several Intents and QrahtS. ' Ahd thaft the fame Assessors shall, yearly and every Year, Atfefs the fevferalRree-hhlduis of the said To wns respectively, according to the Raft, Share, ami Proportion of Lands within each respective Town, such Free holder or Free-holders shall/hav/e,

•hold, possess, and enjoy, for and towards the Discharging and Raying such Ques Or Quit-Rent or Rents, respectivelyj and that the said Collector mall, t>y ^arrant under the Hand and Seal of the Supervifof, trolled, Levy, and Pay the fame in such manner as before in this Act is' set fbfth'and ek^refled, fiSr rtfte Railing, Affefling, Collecting, and Paying the Publick and Necef&ryQhirge of each County in this Colony.

And be it further Enacted, &c. That in case any Supervisor, Assessor, Collector, or Treasurer, after having been so Chosen and Ele£ted,as aforesaid, shall happen to Die, refuse to Serve, or depart the Colony, after such Election, and before the End and Expiration of the Year, for which he or they are Chosen, the respective Town or County where such Person shall happen to die, refuse, or depart from, shall and may, and are hereby Authorized and Required to proceed to a new Choice of such Collector, Assessor, Supervisor or Treasurer, as shall be wanting for the remaining part of the Year. And in case the Freeholders and Inhabitants of any Town or Precind, or the Supervisors of any County within this Colony, shall neglect, deny, or refuse to Elect and Chuse a Supervisor, Assessor, Collector, or Treasurer, in the manner in this Act before expressed, the Justices of the Peace of the respective Counties wherein such Town or Precind shall lie, ‘ or the major part of them, b&ng not under the Number of Five, are hereby Authorized, Impowered, and Required, under their Hands and Seals, to Nominate and Appoint a Supervisor or Supervisors,

Assessor or Assessors, Collector or Collectors, or Treasurer, in the room, Head, and place of such Supervisors, Assessors, Collectors, or Treasurers, so omitted to be Chosen, who shall be Supervisors, Assessors, /Collectors, and Treasurers, to all Intents and Purposes, with the like Powers, and subject to the same Rules, Pains, and Penalties, as any Supervisor, Assessor, Collector, or Treasurer, Chosen, or intended to be Chosen and Elected, pursuant to, and byVirtue of this Act.

There were also Pass'd at the same time these following Viz.

AN Act for Railing the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, towards Erecting Two Batteries at the Narrows or Passage between Statten-Island and The Island of Najfaw.

An Act to Oblige Persons to pay the Arrears of One thousand Pound Tax,

5 granted in the Twelfth Year of King William the Third.

An Act declaring the Illegality of the Proceedings against Colonel Nicholas

Bayard, and Alderman John Hutchins, for Pretended High-Treason; and for 8 ^an*

Reversing, and making Null and Void the said Judgments, and all Proceedings thereon,

Ari

72

Anno Regrit Secundo Arinae Regina.

An Act for Prohibiting the Distilling of Rum, and Burning of Oyster-Shells and Stone into Lime, within the City of , or within Half a Mile of the

City-Hall.

f An Act for the better Establishment of the Maintenance for the Minister of the \ Gty of New-York.

30Mjur.1704. jAn Act to Enable the Minister and Elders of the French Protestant Church in the

( City of New-Tor^ to Build a larger Church for the Worship of Almighty God.

An Act to Supply the Defects of an Act, Intituled, An Act for Appointing Commissionerr to State and Examine the Accounts of the Revenue.

An Act for the better and more speedy Recovery of the Forfeiture of Six Pounds for Persons not appearing upon Detachments, according to the Act for Settling the Militia of this Province.

An Act to Enable the Justices of the Peace for the City and County of Albany to Repair or Rebuild a Common-Goal, City and County-Hall, &c.

.73

ACT S passed by the General Assembly of New-York, in Jipri! and May, 1705. \ v

An Act to Repeal the lafi Clause in an Act of , Intitu- Confirmed

led. An Act for the Quieting and Settling the Disorders ioMahn° that have lately happened within this Province.

HE R E A S by one Act of General Assembly made in the Year One thousand six hundred ninety one. Intituled, Act Quieting and Settling the Disorders that have lately happened within this Province, &c. It was Enacted, That whatsoever Person or Persons should, by, any manner of way, or upon any Pretence whatsoever, endeavour, by Force of Arms, or otherwise, to di« fturb the Peace, Good, and Quiet of this Their Majesties Government) as it is now Established, shall be deemed and esteemed as Rebels and Tray tors unto Their Majesties, and incur the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the Laws of England have, for such Offences, made and provided.

And whereas Her most Sacred Majesty hath been graciously pleased, out of Her Princely Care for the Good arid Safety of Her Subjects in their Lives and Estates, to observe in Her Instructions to the Governor, that the Meaning of the said Clause hath been of late misinterpreted, to the Oppression of Her Sub--jests, and is pleased to direct. That for Preventing the like Abuses for the future, the said Clause should be Repealed, the Laws of England having sufficiently provided for the Purposes thereof; Be it. therefore Enacted by nis Ex-tellency the Governor, by and with the Conferit of Her Majesty's Council, hnd this General Assembly, That the above recited Clause in the said Act, and every Matter and Thing therein contained, shall be, and is hereby Repealed, Annulled, and made Void, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

T An

Anno Regrit Tertio Annae Regina.

Confirmed An Act for the better Laying out. , , and

*0^, 1708. Preferring Publick Common High-ways in this and for the Erecting and Buildhtg a County-Goal and in the County of Richmond.

W",

By'arirAft’of General'Asti^mbly made-in the Second Year of Her present Majesty, Intituled* An Ati- the,Laying,

Qeaving^dJidPrejb^ing Publick Common High-ways, &c. It is Enacted, That all the Roads and Publick High-ways by the said Act intended, shall be of Four Rod at the least, in such as then were used and laid out; and all new Publick Roads or High-ways, that should be laid out by Virtue of the said Act, be of the Breadth of Six Rod, English Measure. And for the better putting in Execution the said Act, Commissioners were in and by the fame Appointed, Nominated,' imp01versed,'and Required^ with all dorWepifent Speed,to put-the faldAft in, due r ^tecutiQft trough the'respectJVe bounties and Districts for Which theyweretoominatpaand Appointed - r '

Forasmuch asthe* County :Richmond being finally1 and to prevent is much

that Land may not lie waste, and be rendred useless, and the Inconveniency, Charge, and Burthen that pay attend sundry Persons, and by reaion the Inha-r bitafits of the County have blit smallTrafts of Land, and want the Benefit of Commons, as Other Counties in this Colony enjoy, and for the speedy and effectual putting in Execution the before recited Act; Be it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and Afleiribly, and by the Authority of the same, That the great Road within the Courity of Rich/bndA iha only extend in Breadth Four Kdd, Englijj) Measure, and no more ,* and the lelfer/Roads in the said County, shall be, of the Breadth of Three Rod, English Measure, and no more ,• except, Sfld -always prOVidedL where aridwhen a Road is or shall be directed and laid Otit through arty PfenOfls .Ldtld, who by liis latent is obliged to allow a greater Breadth for Roads'and High-Ways j any 'thing In the said recited Act mentioned tb ih^ dDfitrafy 'hereof in any wise notwithstanding. -. V. f

.' Ahd' Ire: it Enacted, That all the Iripabitants in each respective

tHiviftOfl Within the said CoUrify, shall contribute, didj 'ihd alfift, to Clear, Re-: pair; Amend,':and Preierve all such High-ways, which ar

, __________ ._______w._. ;s, wtuen are or lliaLl be appointed

and Jtiid. OUt Wfthftlthe said flinty byTthe commissioners nominated in the before redtbd. Act. And the said Commissioners are hereby Imppwered to make oftts Shd fend C>rd^rs,.froirii time to time* to Summohs the several Inhabitants of j^fj^e&iyji '|MvifibA$, within the County of JR for the Clearing

Repklrlfig, rifid Preserving all and every^ or any part of the Roads and Highways made of so be laid bttt, as aforesaid; and ail and every Inhabitant refilling, delayifig, aHd denying to Obey dny such Ordef or Summons of theisaid Cora-friilfioners, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, Six Shltr’ lings, current Money of this Colony; and on Non-payment thereof the Commissioners aforesaid, on Oath made before the said Commissioners, by One credible Witness, of such Neglect, refilling, delaying, or denying to obey any Order or Summons, are hereby Authorized and Impowered to issue forth their Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, to any Constable, to make Distress, and Levy the fame on the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so Offending, as aforesaid, as in the said recited Act is mentioned; which Forfeiture shall be employed to the Use and Purpose aforesaid, and the Overplus (if any be ) of such Distress and Sale, after the Charges, thereof shall be paid and deducted, shall be returned to the Owner or Person on whom such Distress shall be made.

; * I

And

75

Anno Regni Tertio Annae Regina.

And whereas there is wanting in the said County of Richmond a County-Goal and County-House, which the Inhabitants thereof are not enabled by a particular Law to Alfefs, Levy, and Collect Money for the Building and Erecting the fame j Be it further Enacted, &c. That the Justices of the Peace for the said County, or the major part of them, at their Quarter-SeiTions, or otherwise, shall have full Power to Order, Direct, and Appoint, under their Hands, the Building and Erecting such County-Goal and County-House aforesaid, on such convenient Place or Places near the Middle of the said County ( saving the Property of others ) and to Calculate, Settle, Agree, Estimate, and Examine the Charge of such Erections and Buildings herein before mentioned; which said Calculation and Estimate of the Charges ( provided the fame do not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds) shall be delivered, with a Warrant under the Hands of the Justices, unto the respective Aifeffors of each Division of the said County, who shall equally, justly, and impartially Rate and Assefs the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said County ,* which said Rate and Assessment shall be delivered unto the respective Collectors of each Division in the said County, with all convenient Speed > and the Money so collected shall remain in the Hands of the said Collectors, who shall make Payment thereof, for the Uses aforesaid, to such Persons, and in such manner, as shall be directed and appointed, under the Hands of the Justices of the Peace of the said County, or the major part of them, on the Penalty of forfeiting the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, for the Uses aforesaid, to be recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record within this Colony. And the Assessors and Collectors before mentioned, that shall refofe to undertake the said several and respective Services, or who shall neglect or make Default of their respective Duties therein, shall pay and forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for such Refusal; and every wilful Default and Neglect of his Duty, to be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two Justices of the Peace of the said County, provided Oath be first made of the said Offence, before such Justices, by one or more credible Witness; which said Forfeiture shall be employed to the Use of the Building aforesaid, and the Overplus (if any be ) or such Distress and Sale, after the Charges thereof shall be paid and deducted, shall be returned to the Owner or Person on whom such Distress shall be made.

There were also Pass’d at the same time these following Acts, Viz.

AN Act for Granting sundry Privileges and Powers to the Rector and Inha- Confirmed bitants of the City of New~York, of the Communion of the Church of4oMa^’17 -England, as by Law established.

An Act to Charge this Colony with One hundred forty three Pounds, Ten Shillings, and Ten Pence, for Fitting up a Room for the General Assembly, with a Lobby, in the City-Hall of New-York.

An Act for the better Explaining an Act, Intituled, An Act to Oblige Persons to pay their Arrears of One thousand Pound Tax.

ACTS

77

ACTS passed by the General Assembly of New-York, in June, 1705.

An Act to Prevent the Running away of Negro Slaves out of the Perpetual, City and County of Albany, to the French at Canada.

WHEREAS the City and County of Albany are the Frontiers of this Province towards the French of Canada; and that it is of great Concern to this Colony, during this time of War with the French, that no Intelligence be carried from the said City and County to the French at Canada: And whereas the Justices of the Peace for the said City and County, at a Court of Sessions held at the City-Hall of the said City of Albany, on the Fifth Day of June, of this present Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and five, did recommend to the Representatives of the said City and County, to lay before the Assembly of this Province now convened, the Fears and Jealousies they have, that several Negro Slaves belonging to the Inhabitants there, have a Design to leave their respective Owners, and go to the French at Canada, as some have already done, which has and would be to the great Loss and Detriment of the Owner or Owners of such Negro Slave or Slaves, and also of very pernicious Consequence to the whole Province $ all which being confi-. dered by the General Assembly, Be it Enacted, and it is hereby Enacted by his Excellency the Governor, Council, and Assembly, &c. That all and every Negro Slave or Slaves, belonging to any of the Inhabitants of the City and County of Albany, who shall, from and after the First Day of August, of this present Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and five, be found travelling Forty Miles above the City of Albany, at or above a certain Place Called Sarachtoge ( unless in Company of his, her, or their Master, Mistress, or such employed by them, or either of them ) and be thereof Convicted, by the Oaths j of Two or more credible Witnesses, before the Court of Sessions of the Peace of the said City and County, ( which Court of Sessions are hereby Authorized and I Impowered to hear and determine die fame, in manner aforesaid, and there-1

upon to award Execution ) he, file, or they so Convicted, shall suffer the Pains, of Death, as in cases of Felony.

And be it further Enabled, &c. That all and every Negro Slave or Slaves, belonging to any of the Inhabitants of the City and County aforesaid, who, after the First Day of August aforesaid, shall be found Offending against this Act, he, flte, or they is or are to be immediately conveyed to the next Justice of the I Peace of the said County, and be by him committed to Goal, without Bail or

Mainprize, until he, she, or they be thence delivered by due course of Law.

U And

78

Anno Regni Quarto Annse Regime.

And the said Justice of the Peace is hereby Required to give or fend immediate Notice thereof unto the Owner or Owners of such Slave or Slaves, to the end such Owner or Owners do, within Two Days next and after the Receipt of such Notice, appear before some Justice of the Peace of the said County, and nominate One or more indifferent Persons to Appraise and Value the Negro Slave or Slaves so taken and committed, as aforesaid. And the said Justice of the Peace is hereby Required and Impowered to Nominate and Appoint as many more indifferent Persons to joyn with the Persons nominated by the Owner or Owners of such Slave or Slaves, to Appraise and Value die lame; which Persons fb ' £hofen ar£ Co return their Appraisemenf to the Justice aforesaid j under their Hands and Seals, within-Two Days next and after their being Nominated and Appointed j which said Appfaisement so made, the said Justice of the Peace is to return the same to the next Court of Sessions; and if any such Negro Slave or Slaves, Offending in manner aforesaid, be thereof Convictr ed, and Executed for the fame, the said Court of Sessions is hereby Directecj and Impowered to cause the Sum of the Appraisement of the said Negro Slave Or Slaves, together with the Charges of Prosecution, provided the said Prose-ciitioji doth not exceed Ten Pounds, to be Rated, Assessed, aed J-evied. qn all and every Person and Persons having Slave or Slaves within, tfe^ said City and County, in such ways and manners.as other the Publick Charges .erf the said City and County are Levied.

Provided always, The fame be Asseffed, Levied, Collected, and Paid to th^ Treasurer of the said County within Three Months next and after the Execution of such Slave or Slaves. And the said Treasurer is hereby directed, without Eight Days next and after his Receipt thereof, out of the said Money so to him paid, to defray the Charges of the said Prosecution, not exceeding Tei Pounds, as aforesaid, and pay to the Owner or Owners of such Slave or Slaves^ the full Value such Slave or Slaves were Appraised for, whose Receipt shall be his sufficient Discharge.

And that no Difference may arise concerning the Value of the Slave or Slaves for whom the Owners are to pay in manner aforesaid, Be it Enacted, (jc. The* Slave or Slaves in the City and County aforesaid, when any such Accident shall happen, are to be Rated and Assessed at the Rates and Prices herein after expressed, that is to say, Every Negro Slave, Male or Female, from the Age of Fifteen Years, and upwards, being fit for Service, at Thirty Pounds. And if any Difference do arile whether any Negro be fit for Service, the fame is to be adjudged by the nextjustice of the Peace. "

And be it further Enacted, &c. That the respective Court of .Sessions, and Justices of the City and County aforesaid, - are hereby folly Impowered and Authorized to cause this Act to be put in Execution; any Law, Usage, of Custom to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

- Provided always, That this Act, and every Article and Clause herein contained, shall only be of Force during this present War with the , and nd longer.

Provided also. That this Act, nor any Clause therein contained, shall be construed to exempt the Negro Slaves of the said City and County from the Penalties for other his, her, or their Offences* - mentioned in an Act of Assembly made in the First Year of Her Majesty's Reig/i, Intituled, An Act for Regulating Slaves i any thing to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

le

Anno Regni Quarto Annas ^9

An ABfor Reviving and Continuing An Acfc 10

for Regulating Slaves.

.4 '

WHereas an Act, Intituled, An Act for Regulating , mdde in 'the Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and two, is Expired by its own Limitation, which said Act hath been of great Use to this Colony; Be it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That the said herein before recited Act, and every Article, Clause, and Thing therein mentioned and expressed, shall be, and is here-r>by Revived, Renewed, Continued, 'and shall be in full Force arid Yi^11* 'for Seven Tears from thte Publication hereof; any thing to the contrary h^njof in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for Continuing an Act for Laying - ExPIreding, and Preserving Publick Common Highways throughout

this Colony.

*v .Vi-!

An Act for the Preservation of Deer.

Expired in 1713*

An Act for Defraying the Common and Charge tf thk^Ma™*.

Manor of Ranilaerwick, in the County of Albany. ° *7’,7°

BE it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That for the better Defraying the Common and Ne-celfary Charge of the Manor of R, in the County of , as well as what is already past, as the present and future Charges, that it shall and may be lawful for the Inhabitants of the Manor of , being

Free-holders, to Elect and Chuse yearly, and every Year, One Supervifbr, One Treasurer, One Assessor, and One Collector, for the said Manor, whd shall have the fame Power, Authority, Office, and Fundion, and do, perform, execute, and serve, and be liable to the fame Pains and Penalties, as the Super-visors, Treasurers, Assessors, and Collectors of the several and respective Counties within this Colony have, ought, or are intended to have, do, perform, and be liable to, by one certain Act of General Assembly, passed in the Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and three, Ihtituled, An Act for the better Explaining and more effectual petting in Execution an Act made in the Thitd Year of the late King William and Queen Maty, Intituled, An Act for Defraying the Publick and Necessary Chatge throughout this Province, and for Maintaining the Poor, and Preventing Vagabonds<

And

8o . Anno Regn't Quarto Annas

And be it further Enacted, (jc. That the Wages and Charge of their Repre-fentative, or Deputy, in General Assembly, shall be the.fame asjnthe other Cities 'and Counties, which is, and shall be. Ten Shillings Diem >• and that as to what relates to the Wages and Charge of Representatives in General Assembly, the Inhabitants of the fame Manor shall only be liable to defray the Wages and Charge of their own Representative, or Deputy, in General Assembly, and not otherwise.

An Act for an Allowance to the Burgess of the Borough of Westchester.

Forasmuch as the Bufgefs of the Borough of Westchester cannot officiate and discharge the Trust reposed in him, without being at Charge and Expence; Be it Enacted by his Excellency the Governor, the Council, and Assembly, &c. That the Wages and Allowance to the Burgess for the said Bo-/. roughs from the Twenty second Day of , One thousand seven hundred and two, and for ever, hereafter, shall be as is established, Ten Shillings per Day, current Money of this Colony: And the Mayor, or Deputy-Mayor, and any Two of the Aldermen, for the time being, are hereby Authorized, Appointed and Required, to Raise, or cause to be Raised, Levied, and Collected by the said Borough of Westchester, to the said Burgess, in such Manner, and by stich Ways and Methods, and for Default and Non-payment of the said Wages and Allowance, under such Pains, Penalties, Fines, Forfeitures, and . Punishments, as are mentioned, contained, and expressed in a certain Act of 1 Assembly, made in the Year of our Lord,- One thousand seven hundred and

three. Intituled, An Act for the better Explaining and more effectual putting in Execution an Act of General Assembly, made in the Third Tear of the late King William and Queen Mary, Intituled, An Act for Defraying the and Ne-

cessary Charge throughout this Province, and for Maintaining the , and Preventing Vagabonds, as fully, and in like manner, as if the fame were particu-.... ) larly and at large recited and set down in the Body of this Act j any thing con-

•* tained therein to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

There were also Pafid at the same time these following , Viz.'

AN Act for Levying and Collecting the Sum of One thousand three hundred Pounds, for the Defence of the Frontiers.

An Act to Enable the Justices of the Peace for the City and County of Albany, to raise the Sum of One hundred Pounds, for the Rebuilding of a Common Goal, and City-Hall.

An Act to Enable William Bradford of the City of New-York, Printer, to Sell and Dispose of the Real Estate of John , late of Oysterbay in Queens-

County, within this Colony, deceased, for the Payment of Debts.

An Act for the better Explanation and more effectual putting in Execution an Act of General Assembly, Intituled, An Act for Settling a , and

Raising a Maintenance for them in the City of New-York, County Richmond, Westchester, and Queens-County.

' " 'ACTS

8r

ACTS passed by the General Assembly of New-York, in June and September, 170

An Act to Encourage the Baptizing of ,Indian, and Mulatto Slaves.

WHEREAS divers of Her Majesty's good Subjects, Inhabitants of this Colony, now are, and have been willing, that such Negro, Indian, and Mulatto Slaves, who belong to them, and desire the fame, should be Baptized, but are deterred and hindred thereof, by reason of a groundless Opinion that hath spread it self in this Colony, that by the Baptizing of such Negro, Indian1, or Mulatto Slaves, they would become Free, and ought to be set at Liberty : In order therefore to put an end to all such Doubts and Scruples as have, or hereafter at any time may arise about the fame> Be it Enacted by the Governor, Council ana Assembly, &c. That the Baptizing of any Negro, Indian, or Mulatto Slave, shall not be any Cause or Reason for the setting them, or any of them, at Liberty.

And be it Declared ana Enacted, &c. That all and every Negro, Indian, Mulatto, or Meftee, shall follow the State and Condition of the Mother, and be esteemed, reputed, taken, and adjudged a Slave and Slaves, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Provided always, and be it Declared and Enacted, &c. That no Slave whatsoever in this Colony shall, at any time, be admitted as a Witness for or against any Free-man, in any Case, Matter, or Cause, Civil or Criminal, whatsoever.

«*<& Ag>AAAAg>Ag>Ag>AA4t>g A n A A & A & g, A 8> A & & S, & A 4b F, g,

There were also Pass'd at the same time.

AN Act to Enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council of the City of New-York, to carry on the Fortifications of the said City.

An Act for Raising the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, towards Defraying the Expence of Fortifying the City of New-York.

An Act for Raising a Fund of Nine hundred eighty three Pounds, Ten Shillings, for the Defence of the Frontiers, (jc.

X ACTS

:. i

83

ACTS passed by the General Assembly of the Colony of New-York, in September and 08o-far, Amo Dom. 1708. being the Seventh Year of Her Majesty's Reign.

An Act for the Explaining an AIntituled, An Act for the Confirmed

Laying out. Regulating, Clearing, and Preferring Publict* ec'1709' Common High-ways throughout this Colony.

O R the better Explaining and rendring Effectual one Act of General Assembly, Intituled, An Act for Laying , Regulating, Clearing, and Preferring Publick Common Highways throughout this Colony, made in the Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and three, and since by one other A of Assembly continued, and still in, Force; Be it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That the Free-holders and Inhabitants of the several Towns and Precincts, by and through which Lands any Common High-ways have used to run, or have been ascertained and laid out, are and shall be hereby bound and obliged to Cleary Pre-serve, and Maintain the fame High-way, by cutting up the Brush, pulling up all Stones, great and final], that can be raised and carried off, the Breadth of One Rod, and the Limbs of all Trees hanging over the said Roads to be lopt and carried off; and so often as they, or any of them, shall have Notice from the Commissioners, or Surveyors, or Overseers of the High-ways, for the time being, throughout this Colony respectively, by themselves or their Servants, shall work and labour for the Clearing, Levelling, and Amending the fame High-ways, not exceeding Six Days in the Year, under the Penalty of Three Shillings for each Day every Person shall neglect or refuse such Service, to be Levied by the Constable in each Town and Precinct, by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant from the Commissioners, Surveyors, or Overseers of the High-ways, for the time being, in every County or Town, or the major part of them respectively, returning the Overplus of such Sale to the Owner.

And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any High-way from any Town of Plantation to any Meadows, Mills, Watering-places, or

Common Landing-places, shall lie adjacent, by or through any particular Person s Grounds, it shall and may be lawful for any such Person or Persons, to place I and hang good easie Swinging Gates on such High-ways, and the fame Gates

, make, let up, and keep, at his, her, or their own proper Costs, Labour, Char-

' ges, and Expence; and the several Gates already allowed, directed, and appointed

84

Anno Regni Septimo Annae Regina.

pointed by the Commissioners abovesaid, are Ratified, Approved, and Confirmed by Virtue of this Act s and the fame High-ways shall be Amended, Cleared, and Maintained by the Inhabitants of each Town where such Ways may run.

And be it also Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons, where such Swinging Gates are made and set up, shall flake, Ihore, or block up any such Gate or Gates, such Person or Persons shall be liable and chargeable to make good and pay all the Damages, with Costs, the Owner of the Soil, or his Tenant or Lessee, shall or may suffer by: the Occasion of Staking, Shoring, or Blocking lip such Gate or Gates, by an Action on the Cafe, to be grounded on this Act, hereby given, and to be brought by him, her, or them, who shall sustain such Damages,1 to be recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts of justice in this Colony.

And be it further Enacted, &c. That the Inhabitants of the Town of Harlem shall not be obliged to Mend, Repair,' or Level any High-ways beyond or without the Bounds or Limits of their own Lands; any Law, Custom, or Statutes to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And whereas several Persons in the County of Westchester have been formerly Refractory, and have wholly refused to assist in Repairing tlfe High-ways j Berit Enacted- by the Authority aforesaid,.. That all such Persons -having* so rfe-fmetf,ras aforesaid, shall be bbligfed .either to make Satisfaction by labouring in Repairing the said High-ways the full Time that they have formerly neglected, or else be liable to pay the Sum of Three Shillings per Vim, to be recovered as is provided by others Offending or Refilling, as in and by this Act is Declared.

Expired in An Act for the Encouragement of the Post-Ojfice within this

JV°' Province \

WHereas the Publick Post-Office within this City of New-Tcrk hath been found, by several Years Experience, to be very advantagious to this Province, in the Carrying and Recarrying Letters, and other Dif-> patches, with Speed and Safety, whereby a mutual Correspondency amongst aH our neighbouring Colonies and Plantations hath been maintained, and Trade and Commerce been preserved: To the end therefore that the fame may be so managed and encouraged, that speedy and safe Dispatches may be had, which is most likely to be effected by Ascertaining and Establishing such Rates and Sums of Money upon Letters and Packets that shall be received and dispatched. by the said Office, as may effectually encourage the fame: Be it therefore Enacted by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That the said General Post-Office shall remain, continue, and be in feme convenient Place within the City of , from whence all

Letters and Packets whatsoever may be dispatched with Expedition into any Pare of our neighbouring Colonies and Plantations on this Main Land and Continent o £ America,or to any other of Her Majesty's Kingdoms and Dominions beyond

the Seas, at which said Office all Returns and Answers may be likewise received j and that there shall be One Post-Master General of the said Office, from time to times, appointed or deputed by Her Majesty's Post-Master General, for the time being, in the Kingdom of Great Britain; which said Post-Master General, for the time being, his Deputy or Deputies, Servants and Agents, by him thereunto sufficiently Authorized, and no other Person or Per-

Antfo Regni Septimo Anhae Regmk.

8y

fons whatsoever, shall, from time to time, have the Receiving, Taking up. Ordering, Dispatching, Sending Post, or with Speed, and Delivering of all Letters and Packets whatsoever, which Hull, from time* to time, be sent to and from all and every the adjacent Colonies and Plantations ora this Main Land and Continent of America, or any other of . Her MajestyY Kingdoms and Dominions beyond the Seas, where he the said Post-Master General shall settle, or cause to be settled, Polls or Running-Messengers for that Purpose; except such Letters of Merchants and Mailers which shall be sent by any Matters of any Ships, Barks, or other Vessels of Merchandize, or by any other Person employed by theni for the Carriage of such Letters aforesaid, according to the respective Direction j an4 also except Letters to be sent by any private Friend or Friends in their Ways, and journey, or Travel, or by any Messenger or Messengers sent on purpose for or concerning the private Affairs of any Person or Persons.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Post-Master . General, to be Constituted and Appointed, as aforesaid, and his Deputy or Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently Authorized, to demand, have, receive, and take for the Portage and Conveyance of all such Letters which he shall so convey, carry, or fend Post, as aforesaid, according to the several Rates and Sums of current Money of this Colony here* after mentioned, not to exceed the fame, that is to say, •».

For the Port of every letter, not exceeding One Sheet, from the

West-Indies, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, Four Pence Half-peny, current Money aforesaid.

All Merchants Accounts not above a Sheet, Bills of Exchange, Invoices, and Bills of Lading, shall be allowed without Rate in the Price of the Letters; and also the Covers of the Letters, -not exceeding a Sheet of Paper, from any Places beyond the Seas.

And for the Port of every Packet of fetters. Nine Pence.

And for the Port of 'every Letter, not exceeding One Sheet,- from Boftok to Nevo-Torky, or from Maryland to Nexn*York Nine. Pence, current Money afore^ laid.

And for the like Port of every Letter, not exceeding Two Sheets* Eighteen Pence. - ir>: ,; >

And for the like Port of every Packet of Letters, or other thing whatsoever,' Eighteen Pence for evpry Ounce TrOy Weight. : H .1 :

(. And for the Port ofeyery Letter, not exceeding One Sheet, from Virginia to l4evo-Yorh,Twelve Pence, current Money aforesaid.

- And fqr the like Port of every Letter, not exceeding Two Sheets, Two Shillings, current Money aforesaid. 4 f; ;,; «\

..And for the like Port of every Packet, of Letters, or other thing whatsoever* Two ShilUngs, for every.O^nce Troy (Weight.

., And for die Port of, every Letter, not exceeding One Sheet, to or from any Place, not exceeding Eighty Miles Pittance from Four Pence Halfr

peny, current, Money oLNexio-York*

And for the like Port of every Letter, not exceeding Two Sheets, Nine Pence, .current Money aforesaid.

r And for the like Port of every Packet of Letters, or other thing whatsoever,' Nine Pence for every. Ounce Troy. Weight.

And for die more effectual Encouragement of the said General Poll-Office, Be it fimter Enacted <^rt That all the respective Post-Masters that shall be settled in the nespective Stages, for the Purpose aforesaid, throughput the Province, shall, during the Spacejand Time that this Act shall be in Force, be freed and exempted from- Excise and all Publick Services whatsoever, except the Post-Master of the City of Nexo-York, who is only exempted ffojp Publick Services,

And

86

Amo KegniSeptimo Annas Reghidt,

- And be it further Enacted, &c. That no Person or Persons whatsoever, or Body Politick or Corporate, other than the PoftMaster General aforesaid, shall presume to carry, recarry, or deliver Letters for Hire, other than as before excepted, or to let up or employ any Foot-Post, Horse, or Packet-Boat whatsoever,: for the -Carrying, Conveying, and Recarrying of arty Letters or Packets by Sea or Land, within this Colony, or shall provide and maintain Horses and Fur-niture for the Horfing of any through Posts, or Persons riding Post wifoa Guide and Horn, as is usual in Her Majesty's Realm of England, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds, current Money aforesaid, for every several Offence against die Tenor of this present Act, to-be Sued and Recovered in any Court of Record within this Province, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be admitted >• One Third of the.said Forfeiture to the -Governor, One Third to the Use of the Colony^ to be paid to the Treasurer for the time being, and the other Third to the .Informer, who shall Sue and Prosecute the same.

Be, it. further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Letters and Packets that, by any Master of any Ship or Vessel, or any of his Company, dr any Passengers therein, shall or may ‘be. brought to this Port of New-York, ofoer than such Letters is are before expressed, shall,: by such Master, Passenger, or other Person, be forthwith delivered unto: the Pdft-Master of New-York, for the time being, or unto his Servant or Servants, and by him or them to be delivered according to the several and respective Directions of the fame. \ f ‘

Provided, That no Letters going up or coming down arid

going to or coming from Lxing-Island, Thai! not be carried1 to foePhft-Office $ day thing herein, contained -to. the contrary hereof notWithftandihgt - o And be it further Ena&efoc^c* That mo Person of; Persons whatsoever, dp Body Politick or Corporate, other than such Post-Master General as shall be! Nominated and Appointed, ais aforesaid,' his Deputy and t)eputie$, or Atfigns, shall presume to carry, recarry^ and deliver Letters for Hire, other thah as be-foce excepted, or to let up. or employ any Foot-Post, Horse-Post, - Goach-Post, or Packet-Boat whatsoever, for foe Conveyance, Carrying, and Recarrying of any Letters car Rackets, by Laod-otcWater, Within' this Her Majesty's Colony of New-York) or shall provide and maintain Horses and Furniture for Horfing qi any through Posts, or Persons riding in Post with a Ghide and Horn, as-ufoal* for Hire, upon Pain of forfeiting -One hundred Pounds, Current 'Mdriey of this Colony, for every, several Offence against foe Tenbr'of this present.' A&l and also for the Forfeiture of the Sum of TWertty Pounds of Kke Money, for. every* Week’s Time- ariy Offender against this Act ftoll employ, maintain^ !ahd Continue any such Foot-Post, Horse-Post, Coach-Post, or- Packet-Boas^ aforesaid^ which, feid several and pespective Forfeitures shall and may be Sued forartd Recovered by Action or Actions of Debtj- Plaint, oT: information, in any of Heir Majesty's Courts of Record Avifoin this Province, wHetem ufo Essoign, Privilege^ Etote&ion, or Wager of Law shall be admitted. And foe said'several and_ respective Forfeitures that shall happen, from time to* time,' to be Recovered, shall be and remain,-Gae Third Part-to the:GOvernor, One- Third Part to the Use of foe Colony, to be paid in to the Treasurer fei* thdiime being," rahd^ foe otheif Third- Part thereof to such Person or Pylons 1 Who shall1-or will Ihforlh against the Offender or Offenders against this present -arid^shall or will Sue for ‘ thd

said Forfeitures Upon the feme. ’ u: r. Tn:

Provided always, That this present. A&dbes- and foal£fohttnueinPofce fconi the Publication hereof, for and during foe -Spited of TWO Yeary art do- lbbger:j any thing, to foe contrary hereof in an^ wife hotwidiftafiding. v ! 1

J

An

Regni 'Septimo Anna z Regbu87

An Act to prevent Damages by Svtme the County of West- £*p;re<3

- chesteri ^Queens-County, and the County of Richmond. 1713*1*

An Act for the more effectual Preferuation of Deer, and other confirmed

Game, and the Dejiruftionqf Wolves, Wild Cats,

: Vermme.

BE it Eluded by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Publication hereof, whatsoever Person or Persons, Free-man or Slave, Christian or Indian, shall destroy Or kill any ^Folfpr Wolves, of their Whelp or Whelps, any Wild Cat or Wildcats, their Catling or Catlings, any Fox or Foxes, their P'uppy or Puppies, any Squirrels, Crows, and Blackbirds, or their Young ones, in the Counties of Suffolk, Qyeens-Qwnty, and Krnes-Gnmty* shall have and receive as a Reward for each- Wolf so destroyed and Killed, the Sum of Five Pounds, current Money of this Colony ,i and for every such Whelp, under, a Year old, so destroyed and killed, the jSum of Fifty Shillings, current Money aforesaid: And for each Wild Cat and Fox, the Sum of Three Shillings and; for each their Catlings, Puppies, or Cubs, Eighteen Pence; and for each Squirrel, Three Pence; and for each Crow, Three Pence; and for every, their Young ones, Two Pence; &nd for Blackbirds, .after the Rate of Four Pence Half-peny the Ifozen; and their Young ones. Three Pence the Dozen : And that in the County of Richmond, for, killing Wild Cats, Foxes, Crows, and Black-birds, and their Young ones, the like Price and Reward above-pientioned.

And for the more eflfectual Payment of the said Rewards, Be it Enabled, &c. That the same Rules, Courses and Methods, Forfeitures: and Penalties, be and be used.in all and eyety respect, as <are enacted, mentioned, and expressed in an Act; made in the First Year of Her Majesty s Reign, Intituled, An Act

DefiroyingvfWdvesxftitbin this Colony.

And for the Preservation of Deer, and other Game," within the Counties of Suffolk, Queens-County% and Kings-County aforesaid. Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whosoever, within the Counties last above-mentioned, Christian or Indian, Free-man or Slave, after the Publication hereof, shall kill or destroy any Buck, Doe, or Fawn, or any sort of Deer whatsoever, any Wild Turkies, Heath-H^ns^Pciftridges, or rQuails, Eggs, 'Young ones, at any -time of the Year, except" the Times and Seasons herein after mentioned and -expressed, that is to say, for Deer, between the First Day of August and the First Efcty of jfiw^r^ ir^nd for Tdrkies, Heath-Hens, Partridges, and' Qiftise', between the First Day; of August and the First Day of April, shall forfeit-tmtl pay, for every such Brackv Doe, Fawn, or other Deer, so killed or destroyed-, as aforesaid,' the Sum of Thirty Shillings, lawful Money of NeW-York, or inDe-faulc thereof, suffer imprrfonment for the Term: and Space of Thftty Days, without Baiiior;Mainprize,C^ within that time he or theiy pay the Forfeiture aforesaid; and for evesy Wild Turkey, Chicken, or Eggs, killed or destroyed, hs aforesaid^ the Sum of Five Shillings, like current Money aforesaid,; or in Default!thereof fuffec Imprisonment for the Space of Five Days, as aboitesaid 1 and for.bvery.Meath-ffen, Partridge^or Quail, chain Eggs, raf-Young ontsv so killed or destroyed, as abovesaid, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence, or 5 - Two

88

Amo Regnt SeptumAnnae Regina.

Two Days and one half Imprisonment, as aforesaid; One Half of all which Forfeitures shall be to him who shall Prose^ute and Sue for the fame before ajiy One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace where such Offence shall be cdrfo-mitted, who is'hereby Authorized, Impowered, and Required to heW and;determine the fame > and the other Half to the Poor of the respective County where any Person or Persons shall be of such Offence Convicted.

And for the better Convicting of the Offenders in all or any the Cates above*-said, Be. it Enabled, &c. That whatsoever Person or Persons with whom shall be found, or shall expose to Sale any green Deer-Skins, ffelh Venison, or Deers-Flesh, Wild Turkies, Heath-Hens, Partridges* or Quails, their Eggs, or Young Ones, at any other time of the Year than what is before excepted, shall be held; deemed, and judged guilty of the said Offence, and be thereof Gonvi£> unless he or they shall Prosecute and Convict some other Person to have done thie fame; and that the fame green Deer-Skins, fresh Venison, or Deers-Flesh, Wild Turkies, Heath-Hens, Partridges, or Qjiails, their Eggs, and Young ones, so found, as aforesaid, or any other probable Circumstance, at the Discretion of the Justice before whom such Offence shall be tried, shall be held "to be good Evidence In the Offences aforesaid. . - 1---

And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Justice of the Peace shall neglect or refuse to hear and determine any of the Cafes aforesaid, according to the Rules and Directions before mentioned; every such Justice of the Peace, so neglecting or refilling, as abovesaid, shall forfeit, for every such Neglect or Refusal, the Sum of Three Pounds, laWftil Money of New-York aforesaid, to be recovered in any Court of Record, or other cw Her Majesty's Courts within the same County where such Justice of the Peace doth belong, the One Half whereoFto him who shall Prosecute and Sue for the fame, and the other Half to the Treasurer of the County where the said Offence shall be committed, and Prosecution made, to and for the Use of the same County.

Provided; That nothing herein contained is intended, or shall be construed to Repeal or Aker one certain Act of Assembly made for the Preservation of Deer, in the Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and five, laving the Forfeiture for Destroying- of Deer j but the same Act in every other Part thereof is hereby confirmed.

Provided always, That the whole Reward for Destroying of Wolves and their Whelps, is declared and intended to be only Five Pounds for a growd Wolf, and Fifty Shillings for each Whelp in the whole, the said Act made in the First Year of Her Majesty's Reign for Destroying of Wolves notwithstanding. -

Confirmed I j Dec. 1709.

An Act for the Encouragement of Whaling.

- ; : J.

T it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and it is i hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That hereafter any Indian that is bound to go to Sea a Whale-fishing, shall not .at any time or times between the First Day of November and the Fifteenth iDay of following, yearly, be Sued, Arrested, Molested, Detained, or kept out of that Employment by any Person or Persons whatsoever, pretending any Conuaft, Bargain, Debt* or Dues unto him or them, except and, only for or concerning any Contraft, Bargain, or Debt relating to the .Undertaking and Design of Wnale-nihing, and not otherwise, under the Penalty of paying Treble Costs to the Matter of any luck Indian or Indians so to be Sued, Arrested, Molested, 6r Detained.

t Sj

And

AntfoRegniSepthno Ann* Regime. 89

- _ ’__________ — - A -

And be it further En^Ct^d, dfc, , That if any Person or Personsfhail purchase^ take to pawn, ,or any ways get of receive any Cloathing, Gun, or other Necef-: faries, tnaf' ids Mailer, mail let him have from - any such Indian or- Indiansy at suffer any such Indian to be. drinking or drunk in and about their Houses when) they should f>eat Sea, or-other Business belonging:to that Design off Whale- hilling, or llytll carry. or cause to be carried, any Drink to then?, whereby such Indians are. made incapable of doing their Labour and Duty in and about their Matter's Service.- between the First Day Of November and the Fifteenth' of April following, he, she, or they fp Offending* besides reftoririg to such Matter fucfi Cloathing, Gvm, or other, fJecelTaries, shall forfeit and pay to the Matter ofi such Indian Qt. fadtans.$& $ujn of Thirty Shillings, current Money of ok Tort, to be,:recovered; before any Justice of the Peace in the County where such Offence shall be committed, who is hereby Authorized and impoweted to? hear and deterniine the fame, and-thereupon to award Execution.,* the One;

Half of such Forfeitures to be to the Matter of such Indian Or Indiana and the* other Half to, the Use of the County where such Prosecution shall be made. ThlsAft to continue and be of Force for and during the Space and Term of Seven Years from the Publication hereof.

Xt5C

k&:

mm

Am AB to Relieve tits Colony from divers Irregularities i Eittotfiidns.

An Act for Revivhtg an Act of the General Afievibjy of this

SstfredJm

Province, Intituled, An Act again# For^ng, Counterfeiting, \

and Clipping of Foreign Coin, which is current Money in the Colony of NewTork. J . - y

An Act fit the Regulating and Preventing the Corruption qflfip

current Coin.

An Act for Suppression Immorality:

. j - 1 p, t 1

’ . Confirmed

’■'"I niijDfc.iycp.

- :... -fv j’ ‘O V*lfft

"Hereas Prophaneness and Immorality have too much, abounded. wldH in this Colony, to the Shame of Christianity, and the great Grief ofal) good aim sober Men; for the Supprefung whereof for thg> future. Be it. Enacted by the Governor, Council, and Alterably, now met and* assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Christians, whaefoeypr-t within thisProvince, who shall be Convicted of Drunkenness, Curling, or Swear-; ifig, by the :Information of every Constable within. their respe&iye Precin^s

V Z or

Anno Regni Septbtio Ansi# Regiiis.

of of any otfifer Person whatsoever, before any One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the City or County where such Fact isC6mmitted,by the Cortr frifioa ofthejOflfeiKfer, dr the Oath or AttestatiOrt of One credible Witnessj ( which every Justice of the Peace is hereby Authorised to Adtraiiiftef) every Person so C<mvi6Wd, shall be fined by the said Justicedfthe Peace, for Drunks enness, Cuffing, of Swearing, in the Slim of Three Shillings, Motley of rh£ Province of New+York, for each Offence: All which Fines to beMttiediately Levied upon the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by the CoriftaHe aforesaid, by Warrant from the said Justice of the Peace,* and for want of Eflfe&s to mike jfuch Distrete, the said Constable, by Warrant from the said Justice Of the Peace,' shall cotamitthe Offender to die Stocks* for! the Space of Four Hours, , for. Drunkenness, and Two Hours for Cuffing or Swearing arid each Biftrefsfd, made, as abovesaid, to be by the said GonstableS fold dt a thiblfck Ouf-cry (utilefe redeemed by paying the Fine within Three Days) and after full Pay-j ment of the said Fine, the Overplus (if any be ) shall be returned tb the Qwrier; and all fdch Fines to be, by the Constable aforesaid, Immediately paid to the! Overseers of the Poor Of the said City or County where such Fa& 1$ committed!* for the Use of the Poor of that City or-County* for all whidr Rtiesthe Overseers of the Poor shall be accountable yearly to the Justices in their General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace. And every Negro, Indian, or other Slaves, that shall be found guilty of any of the abovesaid Facts, or talk impudently to any Christian, shall suffer so many Stripes, at some publick Place, as the Justice of i.‘. . : foe.Peace inTuch.Place, where,such Offence is^o^tted^’shall tbipKfo>

; ’-exceeding Forty fany Law, Customj or TJfage to the contrary Awepf fo/ any wise notwithstanding. '

t \Ah Ail forPvetdnting tSe Conffirafy of\

•v>«~ \ 4

it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, jfcis hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, Thatalf and every Negro, or other Slave or Slaves within this Colony, who at any time after the CKecf&ble and barbarous Murther committed upon the Person and Family of William Halltt junior, late of New-Town in ^ueew-County, Gent, deceased, have, has, or shall Murder, or otherwise Kill ( unless by Misadventure, or in } Execuyop of Justice) or Confoire, or Attempt the©eathof hisp -Ji&yor the^_ . .MafteF or Mistress, or anycotner of Her Majesty's Lcige Peppl^ .(notheing Negroes, Mulattoes, or Slaves, within this Colony, and shall thereof bd lawfully Convicted before Three or more of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace (One whereof to be of the Quorum) who are hereby Authorized ,^dImpoW-efed to hear and determine the fame, and put their Judgments m Execution^ according to this Act, or before any Court of Oyer and , or General

} Goal Delivery, heyfhe, or, they so Offending, m^ll tWer-the Pains of Death, ;tin such manner, tend with Fuch CircUmstences, as she Aggravation and Enormity of their Crime, in the Judgment of the Justices aforesaid of those Court%. fh^lmeth: and require.*; \ \ A

- Add bo That foo' Owner <<6FOwfteH Of such’N^p

or Indian, Steve or Slaves, tb bo (executed by Virtue bf-this fobll be paid fob the fkme- in the like mfefinerf and under the Regutettofts,- "as, is detht-} redteOahd by £ii Act of the* General Assembly of Golorfy;- made in the* Fourth Year Of Her Majesty's Reigti, Itttkulfed', Rutmbtg*.

awn) fte&d Stobet out of the City and Alfeafty Rendh Hf Canadaf)’

:o Provided,

f,

•k’-V-

A

Arm Regta -Regina

91

Provided, The Value ;of ludr Slaves- Avail; not exceed the Price of Twenty five Pounds, lawful Money of>-this Colony* oor the Charges of Prosecution

above Five Pounds.; 1 •. ;s.\: i.

Whereas there are divers large Tna&s of Lands glinted at severaliimes ’ to fevmL Companies of good and well-meaning Subjects, by Letters - Patents under die Great-Seal of this Her Majesty's Colony, r which notWithstanding several Clauses and Provisoes/in the said Letters Patents* whereby those to^.whom die.Lands wefefo granted, were, within a certain'Tithe, to settle and improve the datne, or fbnfe Part 6r Parcel thereof* in order thit Sep-ling, IrriproVing, and Peopling, might be promoted thereby, land contribute’on^ to each other } yet the fame being held, by Virtue of the said Letters Patents* by divers'Persons as Joynt-Tenanti;.; lot Tenants in Common with others, of in Bihue.df lnhcritance, .whereofibnie idyirig, and Tome others' being called out of the Province by their own private Afeirs, before any Dividend made] the rest couldr not divide to this Day, nor confekpiendy improve the said Tra#s of Landy:without taking but Writs of Partition, which Methods being both tedibus wid eKpenfivej Tiofta be brought to an end'but by fudi Charges and Tx-Oencesy -which if sparedy would! have uiade the Persons concerned therein, and here living; able tb make good Settlements of the said Lands, to the Encouragement of themfeiVes, and others j but if spet^irrfuch Ptofecution, would have left, and should ftrii leave them ojuicipable of leaping themselves, of procuring to Ber> Majesty, or ■'Others, that- certain Advantage accruing by Settlemerits'aftd Improvements, in a gbod and large '!(but yet'I fop the most part uninhabited) Country* - ! 'r-.v' - win: nr. • «r>?^vi ’

For Remedying whiereof, mdfar.nialdng Partitioniin fudi Lands -natter,qirid least chargeable, j$e itiJEna&ed by the Govembr] Council, and Aflfenfbly, and by the Authority ofthefame, Thafiroin the rime of Pafiing it his Act, all Joyrw> Tenants,' au& Tenantsin Common j 'that now be, or hereafter shall be, of any Estate or Estates of inheritance, in.thefnown Rights, or the Right of their Wives; of ariy Lauds, Tenements, or-Hereditaments, within thisColony, - fiuli and may, by Virtue of this: prefenr A&* make Partition between themselves* by the Consent of theffiiajor part of those here living, of all such Lands] Tenements, arid’Hereditaments, as they enow hold, or hereafter Avail hold, aijoynt-Tenants, of Tenants in -Common,yur/of any .Part or Parts thereof] and-faatt or may, :at any time and times, by Vktue hereof^ widi the Confem aforesaid] lav outand idiot eadi Perfcas Share, or Shares, Lcn <feLots,andPr»pomoh$ bfall such Eahds, Tenements, md Hereditaments, 6r; of any>Past or Parts thereof till they:think xOnvdweut to'have the whblb divided, and leave, nothing id common amotigft them ■; '■ and all such-Parritions: that; 'Avail be ft) made, mall be af good and.reffedtual,4 to* all Interims rardPurjrafes/and To -taken, and so Hold id Law, is: iftthe fame .had; been ;nulde)by andrwkh the Will,' Consent, and Concurrence, of all the Persons originally concerned^hereinj-the very Day the said Lunds, T>enemenK; attd Hereditament; were Ranted unto them; as if the fame bad been ib divided by a> particular! Clahfe in tbd said Grant,-or if the fame had been made by Writ' or Partition ini ar due corirfe of Law. ;1 y - v i Andir is hereby ^ikewife Enadked] That all Periofi or Persons conderried iri Partitions, as1* well living abioid, its here], shall be bound thereby Law,Triage, or Ctiftom to the contriry in any wise notwithstanding. t

; f

Provided

92 Anno Regn't Septim Aonae Regina.

Provided always, and the true Intent, Condition, and Meaning of this Act is. That to prevent any. Fraud, Deceit, or Colliifion, that niay in private be nude between a few of the Parties therein concerned to the Prejudice of the rest, no Partition so to be made, shall be reputed Valid nor Lawful, except it hath been publickly declared and affixed in Writing, for the Space of Three Months at lfcaft, on. the Sessions-House, or most publick Place in the County where such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are, as likewifeon the Gty-Hall

York, That such a Day* at 'fudi a Place, futh a Trad* of-Land, Tenements, or . . Hereditaments, or such a Part thereof ( mentioning by'whom granted,wfienj to whom, and where lying) is to be Surveyed, in order to a Divifldn j whldh is to be made at such another Day, at the Request of such a One, and such a One, mniing the Parties ibliciting the said Division. -L r " r"

And it 'is hereby further JEnaded, &c. That such Division, as is before directed, ,be made by drawing of Lots, in the Presence of three indifferent Persons at the least, who are in no wife concerned in the Right or Interest of the Lands, Tenements,; or Hereditaments so to-be divided,: to be< named by

the. Majority of the Dividers j. and that the Names of such Persons, in whole Presence the said Lots are to he drawn, shall be inflated in the publick Notice herein before directed to be given, to the end that any Person concerned nuy have Liberty to nuke any Objection against any or either of the PeHbnsfo to be named sand that the Persons who mall beJ appointed to .fee the Drawing of the Lots aforesaid, shall have and receive after the Rate of Five Shillings each per each Day for their Trouble had in the making of the said Division j. after the Manner and Form here above and under fexpressed and limited, andino/njbre.

And it is hereby further Enacted, <$rc. That the Survey made. of the said Lands, Tenements,;and Hereditaments, or any- Part, or Parcel thereof, intended to be divided, shall be made by the Surveyor General, or feme other. Sworn Surveyor, or by any Three Neighbours, Men of known Intelligence and Integrity, ..to be elected and named by the Majority of the Dividers, who shall, upon Doth, lay, out and divide the fame in as many Lots , as there are- Persons concerned therein, and as equally as possible, in regard :both. to Quantity and Quality; which Lots so made, shall be numbred or marked gradually, from One to "the Number of the Dividers or Parties concerned in the Division? and the said Lotsfb numbred, shall be drawn fairly and publickly, in the Presence of such Persons to be. appointed^ as aforesaid^ in such manner, and byihch Person or Persons, as the said Overseers so.to bp appointed, as aforesaid^ fluff direct and appoint, they being first Sworn to do Just ice to all Persons concerned in the Premjfles, to the best of their Knowledge and .Understandingv which Oath any Justice of the Peace is hereby Impowered to Administer. r ' f

And be it further JEnaded by the Authority aforesaid, That the feverd and respective Lots so. drawn, shall be the Share' and Division of the Linds, Tenements, and Hereditaments of each and every of the said Persons, Dividers,-; severally and respectively, as the fame Lots to them shall feveraUyaudrefpe-dively happen ,* and they, and every of them, the said Dividers^ mill hold in several, one from the other, and to their feVecal and respectiveHeirs ohd Assigns* their several and, respective Lots and Divisidns of the Lands, Tenements, ’ :and Hereditaments, so ,to them happening in mariner aforesaid j to all Intehtsand Purposes, as if the fame Divisiga had been made, by Writ of Partition,bpnofecu-ted in any Court of Judicature i Within this Colony; any Law, Usage,OrCuftoni to the contrary notwithstanding.- M vlh...' > /i j -

And for the preventing any Dilute that: may happen about the Charge Dividing , any Trad of Land, : Be it further > Enacted, © c«' That at the time of the Division of any such Tracts of Land». tQ.be made ini manfter aforesaid? there shall be laid out of the whole Trad of JLand, before any Division be, made thereof, by the Persons so as aforesaid to, be, named byjhe- Majority of dje Dw viders, for the Division of such Trad of-Land*. such Pact thoreof as they fluff 1 ‘i ‘ ’ judge i

i

93

Anno Regni Septimo Annas Regma.

judge reasonable, for Defraying the Charge of Dividing the whole Trad, to be sold by the Majority of the said Dividers for that Purpose, whose Conveyance thereof shall be good and effeduaj in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

This Act to be of Force for Seven Years, and no longer.

There were also Pafr’d at the same time these following Aftr, Viz.

AN Act for Reviving the Militia Act for One Year, from die First Day of September One thousand seven hundred and eight.

An Act for Railing a Fund of One thousand two hundred Pounds, for PresentS to the Five Nations, and for Defence of the Frontiers.

An Act for Railing Two hundred fifty three Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, to discharge the Lord Cornbury from his Contract with Mr. Hansen.

An Act for Railing a Fund of Seven hundred fifty six Pounds, Four Shillings, to defray some extraordinary Charges that have happened in this Colony.

An Act for the Refunding Seven hundred and eleven Pounds, Ten Shillings, and Five Pence, misapplied in the Eighteen hundred Pound Tax.

An Act to Enable the Mayor, Aldermen, &c. of the City of New-York, to raise

Six hundred Pounds for the Uses in the said Act mentioned. ijDec. 17^9.

An Act to Enable the Supervisors of fhieens-Coitnty to Repair, or to Rebuild a Confirmed County. Hall and Common Goal for the said County. ijDec. 1709.

A a ACTS

v

95

ACTS passed by the General Assembly of the Colony of New-York, in May, September, October, and November, 1709. being the Eighth Year of Her Majesty s Reign.

An Act for Levying Six thousand Pounds. £2in

There were also Pass'd at the same time these following Viz.

AN Act to Detach Four hundred eighty seven Men, out of this Colony, to serve on the present Expedition against

An Act to prevent the Exportation of Provisions.

An Act for laying an Excise upon all Liquors Retailed throughout this Colony.'

An Act for the Currency of Bills for Five thousand

Pounds*

An Act to prevent Selling or Giving of Rum, or other Strong Expired m Liquors, to the Indians. I?I0,

An Act for Levying divers Sums of Money for Defraying the Charge of this Colony.

|E it Enabled by the Lieutenant Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Publication hereof, there shall be paid to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, One Shilling, current Money of this Colony, for every Chimney, Fire-place, and Stove, that is or shall be erected and built within this Colony, by the Occupiers and Tenants thereof;’and Two Shillings for every Negro, or Indian Slave, from Fifteen Years to Sixty Years of Age.

And

Anno Regni Octavo Annae Regina,

And for the better Collecting the fame, be it Enacted by the Authority afore-fald, That the several Assessors, for the time being, of the several Cities, Towns* Manors, and Precincts within this Colony, shall, within Forty Days after the Publication hereof, take an exact, true and perfect Lift of all and every Hearths* Chimneys, Fire-places, and Stoves, and of all Slaves, as are dwelling and reading within the said several Towns, Manors, and Precincts, from the Age of Fifteen Years to Sixty j and a true Copy of such Lifts shall be delivered to the Clerk of each respective City and County within this Colony, subscribed by the said Assessors, by him to be filed and remain in his Office. And the said respective Assessors are also hereby required to cause Duplicates of the said Lifts to be fairly written, and forthwith delivered, or cause to be delivered Unto the respective Collectors of every City and County," who are hereby’ Authorized and Required to demand and receive of every Person or Persons chargeable by this Act, One Shilling for every Chimney, Fire-place, and Stove, and Two Shillings for every Negro, or Indian Slave, of the Age of Fifteen Years, and under the Age of Sixty, current Money of this Colony j which said Sum and Sums the said several Collectors shall pay to the Treasurer of the Colony for the time being, oh or before the Twenty fifth Day of March next ensuing, deducting Nine Pence per Pound out of the Money Levied by this Act for Collecting the fame. And if any Person or Persons mall refuse to pay the several Sums appointed by this Act, upon Demand by the Collector of the Place where they mall dwell or reside, it Hull anflbtnay be Lawful for such Collector or Collectors, for Non-payment thereof, to aiftrain the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refilling, and the Distress so taken, to keep for the Space of Four Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner thereof; and if the said Owner doth not pay the said Money so distrained for within the said Four Days, then the said Distress to be publickly sold by the said Collector or Collectors for the Payment 5 and the Overplus coming by the said Sale ( if any be ) over and above the Charge of taking and keeping the said Distress, to be immediately restored to the Owner thereof.

And be it Enacted, dye. That if any Dispute or Controversie shall arise between any the Assessors and any respective Person or Persons concerning the Age of any Slave or Slaves, or the Number of any Chimneys, Hearths, or Fire-places, the same shall be decided by the next Justice of the Peace where such Person or Persons shall dwell or reside > who is hereby Authorized and Required to determine the fame, and whose Award therein is hereby Enacted to be Valid in that behalf.

And be it further Enacted, dye. That every Assessor and Collector, who shall refuse to do his or their Duty by this Act required, shall forfeit severally, for every such Neglect, the Sum of Ten Pounds,- and for every false Return wilfully made contrary to this Act, he or they shall forfeit and lose for every Hearth, Chimney, Fire-place, or Stove, and Negro or Indian Slave, so falfty returned or omitted, the Sum of Six Shillings the one Moiety to be paid to the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, towards the Suppqrt, of this Government, and the other Half to the Informer, or he that will Sue1 for' the

fame. 7 ' '

And be it further Enacted, dye. That the Money imposed by this Act, shall be applied and paid by the Treasurer of the Colony for the time being, to such Uses as shall be directed by the Governor, Council, and Assembly or this Colony for the time being, and no otherwise.

And for the more effectual putting in Execution an Act, Intituled, An Act for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Vessels and Slaves, passed this present Sessions, Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Ship or Vessel liable to pay Tonnage-Money by the said Act, upon Notice given by the Officer for that purpose, shall, within Six Days after her Arrival within this Colony, enter and clear with the proper Officer appointed to collect the Duty of

Tonnage,

Anno Regni OSlavo Annas Regtm* 97

Tonnage, upon Forfeiture of Twenty Pounds, current Money of this Colony^ to be forthwith paid by the Master, Commander, Owner, or any of them, upon Conviction before the Mayor, or any One of the Aldermen of the City of Nezv-York, for the time being, who are hereby Authorized and Required to hear and determine the fame, by the Oath of One credible Witnfcfs, and on his and their Refofal to pay the said Penalty, to be committed to the Common!

Goal, by Warrant from, the said Mayor, or any Alderman, until he or they shall pay the same, according to the Direction of the said Act. And further

That no Vessel or Vessels liable to pay the said Tonnage-Money, Hull be cleared at Her Majesty Y Custom-house in this Colony or by any Officer thereunto belonging, until it shall appear to the said Officer such Vessel or Vessels have entred with the Officer appointed, to collect the said Tonnage-Money, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds* current Money aforesaid, to be recovered and applied as the Penalty of Twenty Pounds herein before mentioned is directed. '

1:

PubliJJjed the nth Day erf -

October, 1709. . i;

An Act forLayinga Duty on the Tonnage of Vessels and Slaves:

BE it Enacted by the Lieutenant, Governor, Council* and General Aflem-bly, and by the Authority of the same, That every Matter or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, the one Half of which Ship or Vessel, at least, does not belong to the Inhabitants of this Colony ( Coasting Sloops belonging to the Massachusets, Rhode-Island, , and the JerJies except-! ed ) who shall enter or clear in or out of this Colony, shall pay Two Shillings, current Money of this Colony, per Ton for every Ton ( according to the Ton-> page of his £nip or Vessel) within Six Days after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel, upon Penalty, and Forfeiture of Twenty Pounds, current Money Of this polony, to he forthwith paid by the said Matter or Commander, upon Conviction before the Maypr.of the City of N, for the time being* by the OatH of One credible Witness, that he or they have not paid* or refilling to pay the same, according to the Tenor of this Act; and on his or their Refusal to pay the said Penalty, to be Committed by Warrant from the said Mayor,' Uhrit he: or they dhall pay the same to the Treasurer of this Colony, for the time being; she ope Halt] of the said Forfeiture to be for and towards die Support of this Government, and the other Half thereof to him that will Prosecute the fame, to te Recovered in manner aforesaid.

And be . it;-further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Ships and Vessels liable, to pay the Duty by this Act imposed, shall be Reported on Oath* or Gauged by the Length of the Keel taken within Board (so much as she treads upon the Ground ) and the Breadth to be taken within Board by the Midship Beam, from Plank to Plank, and the Depth of the Hold from the Plank below the Kelsey to the Under-part of the Deck Plank. And for a Two-Deck Ship or Vessel, the Depth of her Hold to be taken from the Plank below the Kelsey to the Under-part of the Upper-Deck Plank, and the Length and Depth as herein before mentioned; the Length of every Ship and Vessel to be multiplied by the Breadth, and the Product thereof by the Depth, the Whole to be divided by Ninety five, and the Quotient of such Division shall be the true Contents of the Tonnage of every Ship and Vessel measured, as aforesaid ac-

B b cording

98

Jim.Regrri OBodo Annse Regm&

cording to the said Method and Rule all Vessels shall be measured/and the Duty computed, and paid accordingly by the Matter car Owner. '

And be it further Enadfed, &c. That the Officer herein appointed for Col-> lofting the said Duty, is hereby appointed to keep a fair Register of-all Entries upon Oath, in a well-bound Book or Books to be provided and kept for that purpose, and shall give One thousand Pounds Security to Her Majesty for the tfue Performance of the said Office, by Recognizance before the Mayor of the City of New-York for the time being. And the said: Officer shall give to the Governor for the time being, and the General Assembly of this Colony, when Sitting, and Requiring, an Account fairly written, of the Names of such Matter or Person who hath io Entred Or Reported, with the Names of such Ships or Vessels, their Tonnage or Burthen, and faithfully account for Money received by him by Virtue of his Office. And in case the Officer herein appointed shall have reason to suspect any Matter or Commander who hath made a short Entry of the Tonnage of his Ship or Vessel, then, and in such case, the said Officer^ or such Sworn Surveyor, as a Gauger, as he shall employ, shall immediately repair on Board such Ship or Vessel by him so suspected, to take the true Burthen of his Vessel, according to his best Judgment, and make true Entry thereof in the said Books; and if it be found that the Entry of the said Ship or Vessel be short of such Survey or Gauge made- by the said Officer, the Matter or Person making such short Entry, shall, for the fame, forfeit and pay Six Shillings, current Money of this Colony, for every Ton short Entred, to the Officer hereby appointed to Collect the said Duty, without any Fee, or other Charges." j; ' _ ' v- - v\ •/>: V.'.

*' And f>e it further Enacted by the fame Authority, That Gabriel be

and is hereby appointed the proper Officer to receive the Money and the Duty herein before mentioned, and is hereby'Required and Impowefod to pajl the said Sum and Sums of Money, so received and collected, as aforesaid, -t$ the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, and is hereby allowed and permitted to pay himself the Sum of Twenty five Pounds a Year, for and as hiss Salary for doing the Duty, as aforesaid.

, And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall bd* collected and paid to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, from and after the Publication hereof, the Duty and Imposition of Three Pounds fbt every Negrqf that shall be Imported into this Colony not directly from /Ifrka^ and Three Pounds for every other Slave or Slaves that shall not be directly Imported intd this Colony from his or their Native Country > which Duties herem imposed,' shall be collected >by the Officer hereby named and apppirtted, and whd is hereby required and directed to pay and account for the fenie'in mariner before expressed.

• > And be it further Enacted, (jrc. That the Money imposed by thifAdt shall be(

applied and paid by the Treasurer of this Colony to such Uses as shall be dp redted by the -Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Colony for the time being, and not otherwise. ' . V

- Provided aKo, That this Act shall be and continue in Frirce riritif the Fitft^ PaytofA'try, One thousand seven hundred and eleven, and no longcri

• Pvblished theiqth of; : - r-

September, 1709. _ *'J

An

Antto Regni Oftaw Anm Regina.

99

-4

An Act for the Treasurers Paying certain Sums of

BE it Enacted by the Lieutenant Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That the Treasurer of this Colony do iffije forth and pay to the several Persons, or their Assigns, hereia after terminated, the respective Sums herein expressed, out of the Colony’s Money ft* few Hands, not otherwise appropriated, that is to Cay,

To the Honourable Colonel Richard Ingoldesby Esqj the Lieutenant Governor,

Fifteen hundred Ounces of Plate, or Two thousand one hundred eighty two

Lyon Dollars. -

To Roger MompeJJbn Esq; the Chief Justice> Three hundred twenty five Ounces of Plate, or Four hundred seventy three Lyon Dollars.

To the Clerk of the Council, Seventy five Ounces of Plate, or One hundred and nine Lyon Dollars.

To the, Printer, One hundred and fifty Ounces of Plate, or Two hundred and eighteen. Lyon Dollars.

To the Indian Interpreter, Sev^rty five Ounces of Plate, or One hundred and nine Lyon Dollars.

To the Messenger or Door-keeper to the Council, Fifty Ounces of Plate, or Seventy three Lyon Dollars.

To the Weigh-Master, per Annum, One hundred and twenty five Ounces of Plate, or One hundred eighty two Lyon Dollars.

■ To Helena Cooper, for One hundred forty seven Cartouch-Boxes for the Expedition against the French Privateer, under the Command of Colonel Peartree, in One thousand seven hundred and five, Ninety fix Ounces and one half of Plate, or Q?i6 hundred forty Lyop Dollars and one hafiv \

To Daniel Ebbets, of his Order, for Fitting a Room in the City-Hall for the Council to fit in Fifteen Ounces of Plate, or Two and twenty Lyon Dollars.

To Gabriel Ludlow,Clerk to the General Assembly of this Colorjy, and William Churchill, so many Ounces of good Plate or Dollars as shall appear by an Order under the Hand of the Speaker of the said Afferpbly for the time being.

And be it hereby Enacted, That the Receipts of the several and respective Persons before named, or their Assigns, shall be, to the Treasurer of this Colony, a sufficient Warrant and Discharge for the same.

lii IB

An Act for Reviving an Act of General Assembly, £xp!red*

An Act for the better Settling the Militia of this Province, and making it more Ufefql for the Security and Defence thereof. ’

tx >

BE it Eria&ed by the Lieutenant Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby Enabled by the Authority of the same, That one Act of Ge-nerpf Assembly, Intituled, An Act for the better Settling the Militia of.

this Province, and making it more Useful for the Security and Defence thereof, '-. ': '• made in the First Year ol Her Majesty's Reign, Expired by its own Limitation, shall be and is hereby Ena died by the Authority aforesaid, to be of Force from the Publication hereof, for and until the First Day of October, which shall be in the Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and ten, and no longer.

Pullished the 20 thos i --..September, 1709.

An

IQO

Anno Regrit OBavo Annas Regina.

Expired.

An Act to Relie \

BE it Enacted by the Lieutenant Governor, Council, and General Aflerably, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Clause’ and Clauses, Matter and Thing mentioned, expressed, and implied in one Ad of General Assembly, Intituled, Act the of Three

thousand Pounds* towards Defraying the Expence of Fortifying the City of New-York, made in the Fifth Year of Her Majesty's Reign, or in any precedent or subsequent Act or Acts of General Assembly hitherto past, impowering or giving Jurisdiction to any Justice or Justices Of the Peace, to Insped, take Cognizance, Hear, or Determine of any Assessment or Rate made by any Alfeftot or AlTenors, Elected and Chosen by the People, and Sworn for the Rating and Assessing the Estates, Real and Personal, of the Inhabitants of this Colony, in any City, Town, or Precind within the famej or to Fine or Imprison any such AlfelTor or AffelTors under Colour or Pretext of any undue or partial Assessment or Rate, are and is hereby, from and after the Fifth Day of April3 One thousand seven hundred and nine, Repealed, Abrogated, and declared Null and Void^ any Usage or Custom to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Be.

by the Authority of the same, That one Ad of General Assembly, Inti- tuled. An Act for the Encouraging made in the Eleventh Year

of the Reign of the late King William, of Glorious Memory, being Expired^ shall be ana is hereby Revived, and to remain in full Force for and; during the Space of Two Years from the Publication hereof.

And be it further Enacted, &c. That in case it shall lo happen, that any Person or Persons, to defeat the Intention of the said Act, shall make or take any Bond, Bill, or Specialty whatsoever from any Seaman, in Trust for the Use of any Tavern-keeper, Alehouse-keeper, or Victualler, all and every such Bonds, Bills, or Specialties, shall be altogether Vofd, Null, and of,none JEffed; any Custom, Usage, or Law to the contrary hereof notwithstanding. And any Per-' Ton or Persons, making or taking any such Bonds, Bills, or other-Specialties, shall and may, by the Judges -or Justices of any of Herl Majesty's -Courts, of Justice, be Examined on his, her, or their Corporal Oaths," of or;,concerning such Trust and Use; and if the Party Examined shall refuse to ‘discover the fame, Judgment shall be given as if such Trull and Use were confessed and le--gaily proved. - . i

And be it also Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act shall extend to all Tavern-keepers, Alehouse-keepers, and Victuallers,' in Queens-' ’-ACounty and Kings-County, to all Intents, as if they had been mentioned, expressed, and nominated in the Body of the said Act.

An Act for Reviving an Act for Encouraging of Seamen.

Published the nth of October, 170$.

An

Anno Regrii Octavo Annas . ioi

An Act to Enable the Justices of the Peace to Nominate AJfeJfors and Collectors in case of Death.

BE it Enacted by the Lieutenant Governor, Council, and General Aflferti-bly, and by the Authority of the same, That when, and as often, or where the Assessors or Collectors shall die, every Manor, Town, Liberty, or Precinct, within the respective Counties, are hereby required and directed, within Ten Days after the Death of any Assessor or Collector, to chuse others in their stead and place, and on Refusal, Neglect, or Omission, the Justices of the Peace, or any Two of them, for the Counties where such Towns, Manors, Liberties, or Precincts are, are hereby Required, Impowered, and Authorized, ;to Nominate and Appoint Assessors and Collectors for such Towns, Manors, Liberties, and Precincts > which Assessors and Collectors shall, tq all Intents and Purposes, observe and do his and their Duties, as any other Assessors and Collectors are required and enjoyned to do.

’ ' ' ..; v.' • ' .

An Act to prevent the Removal of Actions of Twenty Pounds from the Mayor?sCourt of New-York, and other Courts.

• s ( -

BE it Enacted by the Lieutenant Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall not be, after the Publication of this Act, any Removal by Habeas , or other Writ, of any Person, or of any Cafe, Action, or Suit, or Appeal, or Writ of Error, from any Judgment or Execution from any the Courts of the Mayor and Aldermen, in the Cities of NezsJ-York and Albany, or Borough of , or from atiy'

of the-Courts of Common-Pleas in any of the Counties of this Colony; in ahy Personal Action, where the Matter in Demand, Suit,..or Controversie does nor amount in real Value to upwards the Sum of Twenty Pounds, lawful Money Of this Colony j Provided the Thing or Matter in Controversie does not bring in Quefhon, or relate, to the Right or Title of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in this Colony .j any Law, Usage, or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further Eria&ed by the fame Authority, That where any Justice' of the Peace, or other Persons, are Authorized to have Cognizance of Pleas of Debt or Trespass to the Value of Forty Shillings, and under, within this Colony, it shall and may be Lawful for such Justice, or other Person, to cause their Judgments or Sentences respectively to be put in Execution, by Warrant under their respective Hands and Seals, directed to the Constable of the Towns, Manors, or Districts where the Parties, against whom the Judgment or Sentence is or shall be given, do inhabit, or where their Bodies, Goods, or Chattels are to be found, at the Electioir of the Party recovering, either to Levy the fame by Sale of futh Parties Goods and Chattels, returning the Overplus (if any be ) to the Owner, or by taking their Bodies and committing them to the County-Goal, there to remain in close and safe Custody till such Judgment or Sentence shall be paid and satisfied.

toa ^7»k) i^§7fi OElavo Anftae

And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Constables respectively are hereby Authorized, Commanded, and Required, vto put such Judgments and Sentences in Execution, according to the TertoP, Intent, and Meaning of this Act : And the Sheriffs, Ender-Sheriffs*. and Goalers of the several Counties respectively, are hereby Authorized,- Commanded, and Required to receive the Bodies of such Parties in their respective Goals, and them there in close and safe Custody to keep, until such Judgments ancLSentences shall be satisfied and paid; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary hereof ftocwithstanding*

; i

Expired in An ABto prevent the Exportation of Gold and Stiver Coin out

of this Colony, ;]

An Act for the Currency of Bills of Credit for Four Pounds,

BE it Enabled by the Lieutenant Governor, Council, and General Aflem-bly, and by the Authority of the same, That Bills of Credit, to the Value of Four thousand Pounds, and no more, shall be Current, pursuant^to. the Value of Money specified in an Act, intituled, An Act for Laying Foitr thou fond Founds, passed in the Eighth Year of Her Majesty's Reign; whion Bills

flutll be in manner following, Viz, •* ‘ r

THIS Indented Bill of----- due from the

Colony of New-York to the

Value equal to Money, and shall be Accepted accordingly by the

Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, in all Publick ments, and for any Fund at any time in the Treasury., Dated, New-York the First of November, 1709. by Order of the Lieutenant Governor, Council, and General Assembly of the said

- Which Bills shall be Signed by Robeit Walter, John De , Robert Lur-ting, and Johannes Jansen, or any Three of them, who are hereby appointed and directed to Sign and Blue the lame, for . Payment of such of the Four hundred eighty seven Men of the Militia of this Colony, appointed to serve in the Expedition to reduce Canada, as appear, on the Return of the Forces, to have served, and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever j which Bills are, and shall be received and paid for the lame Value, and equal to the current Coin palfed in this Colony, for Goods, or any other thing bought and sold, in any Payments to be made whatsoever; and the Tender of the said Bills for paying and discharging of any Debt or Debts, Bargains, Sales, Bonds, and Specialties, shall be as effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, as if the current Coin of this Colony had been offered and tendred to any Person or Persons for the Discharge of the fame-, or any Part thereof.

And

Anno Regrit Ottavo Annae Regina. 105

And be it further Enacted, &c.That the said Bills of Credit shall be printed and numbred, expressing, in every of them the Sum of Money they shall be current for. And to prevent Counterfeiting any of the said Bills, they shall be Bated and circumstanced in all respects as the Bills of Credit are^ that are mentioned, expressed, and made current in an Act, Intituled,

tency of Bills of Credit for Five thousand Pound, passed in the Eighth Year Of Her Majesty's Reign, Four hundred of the said Bills of Credit hereby intended to be Current, shall be for Five Pounds each Bill; F6ur hundred of the hereby intended Bills of Credit, .shall be for Fifty Shillings -each Bill i and Eight hundred of the said Bills, made current by this Act, shall be for Twenty five Shillings each Bill, amounting to in all Four thousand Pounds, to be delivered by the said Signees, within One Month after the Publication of this Act, to the Treasurer of the Colony for the time being, to be by him paid to such of the said Four hundred eighty seven Men of the Militia of this Colony, appointed to serve in the Expedition to reduce Canada, according to the Purport, true Intent, and Meaning of the Act herein.before mentioned, Intituled, An Act for Levying Four thousand Pounds, and to no other Ule, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever j and to Account to and with the Governor, Council, and General Assembly of this Colony for the time being, of the Receipts and Payments of die Bills hereby made Current, when and as often as he the said Treasurer shall be thereunto required* i .; . f

And be it further Enacted, &c.That for Encouraging the Currency of thd laid Bills of Credit created by this Act, the Treasurer of this Colony for thd time being* shall and is hereby -required, and-directed to take and receive all and every ithe said Bills according to the Value therein expressed, with the Advance of Ohe Farthing for each and every Day allor any the Bills are and shalt be Current fof Five Pounds, fromihe Elate of the said Bills to the Day the said Treasurer shall receive, them, for my part of the Four thousand Pound Tax* raised by Virtue of the said Act, intituled, An Act for Levying Four thousand Pounds j and the Advance of Half a Farthing pb* Day on every the said Bills that are and shall be made Current for Fifty Shillings, from the Date of the? said Bills* until they shall be paid to the said Treasurer for any part of the said Four thousand Pound Tax ,• and the Advance of One Quarter of a Farthing Day on every the said Bills that are and shall be made Current for Twenty Shillings, from ilie Date of the said Bills, until they, shall be paid -to the said Treasurer for any pan of the said Four thousand Pound Tax; and on the ReJ ceipt of each-Two thousand Pounds of the said Four thousand Perund Tax, the Treasurer shall appoint the Signees to meet him, who are liercby required artet directed to meet and joyn with him, to Examine and Compare the said Bills* and Cancel the fame, taking an Account of the Number and Value of the said Bills so to be Cancelled, as aforesaid, and keep the-fame on a File, hvorden to be further Examined by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, for. the time being, or such as chey shall appoint, when Sitting, and Requiring the fame. -

Be it aHo Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Signees shall rake an Oath before the Mayor of the City of New-York for the time being, for their true Signing and Delivering the said Bills of Credit, according to the genuine Intent and true Meaning of this Act.

And be it further Enacted, (jc. That the said Bills of Credit shall be Current in all Payments, as aforesaid, until the last Day of , which shall be in the Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and twelve, and no longer. And that the said Four thousand Pounds, to be raised by the said Act, Intituled, An Act for Levying Four thousand , shall be paid to the said

Treasurer in the said Bills of Credit, and in no other Specie whatsoever.

And

v

104 Anno Regni OEiavo Annas Regina,

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Advances to be allowed on the said Bills, shall cease and determine on all and every of them, from the Day they, or any of them, shall be paid to and re- ceived, as aforesaid, by the Treasurer of this Colony; who is hereby required to Endorse the Day he received the said Bills on some part’, to prevent a further growing Advance. And such Person or Persons as shall be Convicted of Counterfeiting any of the said Bills of Credit, shall incur the Pains and Penalties of Felony, without the Benefit of Clergy, and suffer accordingly. ci

For the preventing Differences, Be it further Enabled,by the Authority afore- laid, That the Possessor of any Bill or Bills of Credit lawfully IfTued, pursuant to an Act, Intituled, An Act for the Currency of Bills of Credit for Five

Founds, passed this Session, shall be Entitled to, and be allowed from any Collector or any Collectors appointed, or shall be appointed to collect the Tax di-reded to be Levied by an Act, Intituled, An Act for Levying Six thousand Pounds, palfed this present Sessions, the Interest or Increase of Five Pounds Centum per Annum on all or any of the said Bills, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act.

For the better Explaining an Act, Intituled, An Act for Levying divers Swnt if Money for Defraying the Charge of this , Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it is the true Intent and Meaning of the said A d,: that the Tenants and Occupiers therein mentioned, shall bear and pay the Duty therein laid on all Chimneys, Fire-hearths, and Stoves, without Charging- the Landlord* , ’>

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Colonel Abraham De Peyfler> the Treasurer, is hereby allowed and permitted to reimburse, detain in his own Hands, and pay himself the Sum of One hundred Pounds out of the Excise of this Colony, which, at the Desire of the General Assembly, he advanced to defray the extraordinary Charge of the Lieutenant Governor, and Gentlemen of the Council, who did accompany, him to Albany last July. i

For the better Preventing of Frauds and Differences that may arise concerning an Act, Intituled, An Act for Detaching Four hundred eighty Men;

\With their Officers included, out of this , Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Captain of any Company, who hath served by Virtue of the said Act, is Dead, the next Commanding Officer of that Company shall execute the Powers mentioned in the said Act to be given to the-Captain.

And for the better Explaining and more effectual putting in Execution of several Clauses in an Act of Assembly of this Colony, to Detach Four hundred' eighty seven Men to go on the Expedition against , Be it Enacted by the>

Authority aforesaid, That all the Fines and Forfeitures arising from )each respe-: dive Company, shall be paid into the Hands of the Captain of the said Company, and shall be equally paid and distributed by him amongst such Person or Persons as he hath returned out of his respective Company to go on the said Expedition, and not otherwise.

Fublifloed the 12 th of

November, 170^.

An

Anno Regm Octavo Annie 105

An Act for the Levying Ten thousand Ounces of or

teen thousand five hundred forty five Lyon Dollars.

BE it Enacted by the Lieutenant Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That Ten thousand Ounces of Plate, or Fourteen thousand five hundred forty five Lyon Dollars, be Laid, Assessed, Raised, and Levied upon the Estates, Real and Personal, of all and every the Inhabitants, Residents, Sojourners, and Free-holders of and in this Colony, to be paid to Colonel Abraham De the present Treasurer of this Colony, or to the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, in manner following, that is to say. Five thousand Ounces of Plate, or Seven thousand two hundred seventy two Lyon'Dollars and a half, Part thereof, on or before the last Day of May, which will be in the Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and Five thousand Ounces of Plate, or Seven thousand two hundred seventy two Lyon Dollars and a half. Remainder thereof, on or before the last Day of November then next ensuing, according to the Quota’s and Proportions herein expressed, viz.

For the City ana County of New-York, Two thousand and seventy five Ounces of Plate, or Three thousand and eighteen Lyon Dollars.

For the City and County of Albany, Seven hundred sixty seven Ounces and a half of Plate, or One thousand one hundred and sixteen Lyon Dollars and a half.

For Kings-County, Fourteen hundred Ounces of Plate, or Two thousand and thirty six Lyon Dollars.

For Queens-County, Seventeen hundred and fifty Ounces of Plate, or Two thousand five hundred and forty five Lyon Dollars and a half

The County of Suffolk, One thousand six hundred and eighty seven Ounces and a half of Plate, or Two thousand four , hundred and fifty four Lyon Dollars and a half.

The County of Ulfier, Seven hundred and ninety, seven Ounces and a half of Plate, or One thousand one hundred and sixty Lyon Dollars.

The County of Wiftchester, Seven hundred and twenty seven Ounces and a .half of Plate, or One thousand and fifty eight Lyon Dollars.

The County of Richmond, Four hundred and sixty seven Ounces and a half of Plate, or Six hundred and eighty Lyon Dollars.

The County of Orange,. One hundred and sixty three Ounces and three quarters of Plate, or Two hundred and thirty eight Lyon Dollars and a half. / Dutches-County, One hundred sixty. three Ounces and three quarters of Plate,

t>r Two hundred and thirty eight Lyon Dollars and a half. ‘

And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Ten thousand Ounces of Plate, or Fourteen thousand five hundred and forty five Lyon Dollars, are hereby given and granted to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, to be applied to such Uies as the Governor, Council, and Assembly* for the time being, shall direct, and not otherwise j to be Raised, Levied’, Collected, and Paid to the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, in such Manner, and under such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, mentioned and expressed in an Act passed this present Sessions, Intituled, An Act for Levying Four thousand Pounds, is Enabled, Declared, Provided, and Ex* pressed, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if the several Clauses, Provisions, and Limitations were at large herein recited and inferred.

D d And

io6

Anno Regni OBavo Annae Regina.

And be it further Enacted, (jc. That over and above the respective Sums before Enabled to be paid, Three and thrpe quarters be Alfelfed,

Raised and Paid to the respective Colie dors, and Two and a half per Centum to the Treasurer aforesaid. And that the said Treasurer shall keep a true and ex-ad Account of such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be by him so received and paid, and render such an Account at all times, when required, to the Governor, Council, and Assembly, for the time being, when Sitting, and Requiring the fame. -

And be it further Enacted, &c. That the Farmer of the Excise for this pre-font Year for the County of Vlfter, shall and may take, receive and have all such Powers, Benefits, Profits, and Advantages, in the Levying and Receiving the said Excise, as if one Ad of General Assembly, Intituled, An Act to Determine, Settle, and Ascertain the Bounds and Limits of the County of Orange, palfed this present Session of Assembly, had never been made.

An Act for the Currency of Bills of Credit for Ten thou fond

Ounces of Plate, or Fourteen five hundred and forty

five Lyon Dollars.

BE it Enacted by the Lieutenant Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That Bills of Credit of Ten thousand Ounces of Plate, or Fourteen thousand five hundred and forty five Lyon Dollars, shall be Current, pursuant to an Act, Intituled, An Act for Levying Ten thousand Ounces of Plate, or Fourteen* thousand five hundred and forty five Lyon Dollars, palfed this present Sessions, which Bills shall be in manner following. Viz.

HlS indented Bill of——Ounces of or-----Lyon

| Dollars, due from the Colony 0/New-York to the thereof shall he in Value equal to and fijatl he Accepted

accordingly by the Treasurer of this Colony for the time beings in alt Publick Payments, and for any Fund at any time in the

Treasury. Dated inNew-York the Day of November, 1709, by Order of the Lieutenant Governor, Council, and General Assembly of the said Colony.

Which Bills shall be Signed by Captain Robert , Captain Robert Lurthtg, Captain Johannes De Peyfier, and Mr. Johannes Jansen, or any Three of them $ Who are hereby appointed and directed to Sign and Deliver the said Bills to the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, to be by him paid and issued as the Governor, Council, and Assembly shall direct; which Bills shall be received and paid for the same Value, and equal to the current Coin passing in this Colony, for Goods, or any other thing bought and sold, in any Payments to be made whatsoever ,• and the Tender of the said Bills for paying and discharging bf any Debt or Debts, and Demands whatsoever, as effectual in the Law to afi Intents and Purposes, as the Bills of Credit are, or shall be, issued by an Act, Intituled, An Act for the Currency of Bills cf Credit for Four thousand

palfed this present Sessions.

And

Anno Regm Octavo Annae Regina.

107

And be it Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, To prevent Counterfeiting any of the said Bills, they shall be circumstanced as the Bills of Credit are, that are mentioned in and made current by an Act, Intituled, for the Currency of Bills of Credit for Four thousand , passed this present Sessions j

and Three hundred of the Bills hereby intended to be issued, mail be for Thirteen Ounces and three quarters of Plate, or Twenty Lyon Dollars every Bill j Three hundred of the said Bills shall be current for Eleven Ounces of Plate, or Sixteen Lyon Dollars every Bill; Three hundred of the said Bills hereby de-signed to be current, shall be for Five Ounces and a half of Plate, or Eight Lyon Dollars each Bill; and Three hundred and thirty seven of the Bills hereby designed to be current, shall be for Two Ounces ana three quarters of Plate, or Four Lyon Dollars; amounting to in all Ten thousand Ounces of Plate, or Fourteen thousand five hundred and forty five Lyon Dollars, to be delivered by the said Signors, within a Month after the Publication of this Act, to the Treasurer of the Colony for the time being, to be by him IlTued, pursuant to the true Intent and genuine Meaning of an Act for the Treasurer’s Bluing Bills of Credit to pay the present Debt of the Expedition to , and other Uses, and to Account to and with the Governor,' Council, and Assembly for the time being, of Issuing the fame; ’ when and as often as he shall be thereunto required.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, For making the Bills of Credit, hereby to be made current, the more effectually Valuable, the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, is hereby required and enjoyned to receive all and every the said Bills, according to the Value therein expressed, with the Advance of Two and a half per Centum tier , on all or any the said Bills that are and shall be current for Ten thousand Ounces of Plate, or Fourteen thousand five hundred and forty five Lyon Dollars, from the Date of the said Bills to the Day the said Treasurer shall receive them, for any part of the Ten thousand Ounces of Plate, or Fourteen thousand five hundred and forty five Lyon Dollars, raised by the said Act, Intituled, An Act for Levying Ten thousand Ounces of Plate, or Fourteen thousand five hundred forty five Lyon Dollars. And the Treasurer shall appoint the Signors to meet him, who are hereby required and directed to meet and joyn with him, to Examine and Compare the said Bills, and Cancel them, taking an Account of the Number and Value of the Cancelled Bills, and keep them to be further Examined by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, for the time being, or such as they shall appoint.

Be it further Enacted, &c. That the said Signees shall talce an Oath before the Mayor of the City of New-York for the time being, for their true Signing and Delivering the said Bills of Credit, according to the true Meaning of

is Act.

And be it also Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bills shall be Current, as aforesaid, until the last Day of , which shall be in the

Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and thirteen, and no longer: And that the said Ten thousand Ounces of Plate, or Fourteen thousand five hundred and forty five Lyon Dollars, to be raised by the said Act, Intituled, An Act for LevyingTen thousand Ounces of Plate, or Fourteen thousand five hundred forty five Lyon Dollars, shall be paid to the Treasurer in the said Bills of Credit^ and in no other Specie whatsoever.

And, be it further Enacted, (fic. That the several Advances to be allowed on the said -Bills, shall. cease and determine on all and every of them, from, the pay any of them shall be paid to and received by the Treasurer, as aforesaid", who is hereby required to Endorse the Day he received the said Bills, to prevent a further growing Advance : And that such Person or Persons as shall be Convicted of Counterfeiting any of the said Bills, shall incur the Pains and Penalties of Felony, without the Benefit of Clergy,- and suffer accordingly.

io8

Anno Regni OSlavo Annae Regina.

And for the further Encouragement of the Currency of the said Bills of Credit, Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Six Months after the Date of the said Bills, when they are paid away, the Possessor shall be allowed by the Person or Persons that receive the same, at the Rate of Two and a half Centum per Annum, and so for each Bill respectively for every Half Year, till they shall be paid in to the Collectors and Treasurer, who shall allow the said Interest proportionably from the Date, at Two and a half per Centum per Annum. as aforesaid.

Published the 12th of November, 17 of.

An Act for the Treasurer sIjfuhg Bills of Credit to pay the

present Debt of the Expedition to Canada, and other

BE it Enafttd by the Lieutenant Governor, Council, and General Aflem-bly, and by the Authority of the same, That the Treasurer of this Colony do itfue forth and pay to the several Persons, or their Assigns, hereafter nominated, Bills of Credit in his Hands, not otherwise appropriated, for the Uses herein after expressed, that is to say.

To sundry Persons, as by an Account delivered in by the Commissioners in the City of New-York, appointed for the said Expedition, Intituled, A Lift of Persons Names to whom Money is due for and other Necessaries by them

for the Vfe of the Expedition to Canada, for. which no Wat rants are , Fourteen hundred and sixty five Ounces and one quarter of Plate, or Twenty one hundred thirty one Lyon Dollars and a half.

To several Accounts issued by the Commissioners relating to the Expedition to Canada, at Albany, on the Treasurer of this Colony, Eighteen hundred ninety

fix Ounces and a half of Plate, or Twenty seven hundred fifty eight Lyon Dollars and a half.

To Seventeen Sawyers that served on the said Expedition, One hundred ninety five Ounces of Plate and one quarter, or Two hundred eighty four Lyon Dol-lars,

' To Thirteen Carpenters detacht out of the City of , to serve on the said Expedition, Three hundred fifty five Ounces of Plate and seven eighths, or Tive hundred and seventeen Lyon Dollars and a half.

To 2n Assignment to the Lady Lovelace, mentioned and expressed in an Act, Intituled, An Act for an AJsignment to the Lady Lovelace, passed this present Sessions.

To Captain Robert Walters, Captain Lawrence , Captain John De

and Captain Robert Lurting, appointed Commissioners for managing the said Expedition, in relation to purchasing and procuring Provisions and other Necessaries, for their Trouble in and about the fame. Five hundred Ounces of Plate, or Seven hundred twenty seven Lyon Dollars and a half: And for their Trouble they have and are to take for Signing the Bills of Credit for Five thousand Poundsj until they are Cancelled, One hundred and fifty Ounces of Plate, or Two hum dred and eighteen Lyon Dollars and one third.

To John Walters, the Clerk of the said Commissioners, One hundred Ounces of Plate, or One hundred forty five Lyon Dollars and a half.

To

Ujooooie

Anno Regrii Octavo Ann 109

To Colonel Killian van Ranjlaer, Major Derick , and Captain Mindcrt

Schuyler, appbinted Commissioners for managing the Affairs relating to the Provisions and all other Necessaries for the said Expedition, as hath been lent to them at Albany, Three hundred seventy five Ounces of Plate, or Five hunjdrecf

forty five Lyon Dollars and a half.

To Mr. Johannes Cuyler, their Clerk, Seventy five Ounces of Plate, of One hundred and nine Lyon pollars. . v - '

' To his Honour the Lieutenant Governor, for providing Fire and Candle for* the Garrison, and die guarding Her Majesty's Fort in the City of un-

til the First Day of April next. Three hundred seventy five Ounces of Plate, or Five hundred forty five Lyon Dollars and a half ", , t

To Daniel Ebbets, Two Ounces of Plate, or Three Lyon Dollars.

To William Bradford, for Printing Twenty eight hundred thirty seven Bills of Credit, and for-the-Cuts, Fifty Ounces of Plate, or Seventy two Lyon Dollars and three quarters.

To the Persons appointed to Sign the said Twenty eight hundred thirty seven Bills of Credit, for their Trouble, and attending that Affair until they shall be C^elled, .Seventy pjije Ounces Of Plate, oVyQne hundred a,fid fifteelft'Lydn Dollars',/! r.tj':-. :; r Z: T! - /P '~1V‘

w To Mrs JemSchuyler arid Mr. Abraham Schuyler, and their Attendants. One hundred twenty five Ounces of Place,’or One b&ndrbdeighty oheLyort Dollars and a half, and one eighth, for their Services and Expences in a Journey to Onnondage., and other Indians, by order of the Governments. -,r - r p ' To the Conimiffiorlers for managing the I Affairs at Albany, EgBteeii hundred and fifty Ounces of Plate, or Two thousand eighteen Lyon Dollar®, and one quarter, to be paid and applied to the Lffes hereafter expressedv>th&> is to say. Six hundred and fifty Ounces of Plate, or Nine hundred forty five,

Lyon Dollars and a half, to be paid such Christians and Indians as shall be employed for'Out-scouts for the Defence of the Frontiers this Winter.

Three hundred and sixty two Ounces of Plate and a half, , or Five hundred twenty feveri Lyon Dollars and four peny Weight of Plate, For Fire and Candlqr for the Garrisons ol Albany and Schenettady. "

; One hundred and twenty five Ounces of Plate, or One hundred eighty one Lyon Dollars and a half and four periy Weight of Plate, to be allowed to such as shall perform and do the Work and Mystery of Black-Smiths, and will inhabit and reside this Winterwith the Indians, and mend their .Anns*.

One hundred and fifty Ounces of Plate, or Two hundred and eighteen Lyon Dollars, to be disposed and applied to necessary. Reparation of the Block-homes, and the Building of a new one for Lodging the regular Troops and Guards to.

be kept in the City o t Albany. r

Five hundred and sixty two Ounces and a half of Plate, or Eight hundred and eighteen Lyon Dollars, to be paid to Fifty Indians, at Eighteen Pence per Day, for Sixty Days, which shall be paid by the Treasurer of this Colony to the said Commissioners for the Uses aforefeicL- -

And be it hereby Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receipt of the several and respective Persons before najned, or their Assigns, shall be, to the Treasurer of this'Chlaniy^ a fiftficient Warrant and Discharge for foe 1 fame. ' A

And be it Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Troop of Horse raised in the County of Suffolk, in the Three Eastern Towns in the same County, to wit, in Southold, Southampton, and Eaflhampton, is hereby Constituted, Confirmed, and Established, in the same Manner, and under the like Regulations, and with such Rights and Privileges, as any of the other Troops of Horse have in' this Colony, or of Right ought to have and enjoy.

E e Be

no

Anno Regni OBavo Annae Regina.

Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the City of Nezv-'York and Albany for the said Expedition, are hereby Impow-ered and Required to IlTue their respective Warrants to the Treasurer, for Paying the Accounts delivered to and allowed by this House, for such Sums of Money herein mentioned, for which Warrants have not been already Issued.

- Ahdbe it further Enacted, That there be allowed unto Mr. David Thirty, seven Ounces and a half of Plate, or Fifty four Lyon Dollars arid a hal£' arid t<> Latvrence Claefen Twenty five Ounces of Plate, or Thirty fix Lyon Dollars arid a halC for their Journey to Onnondage in ,Ia(t, and to be paid by the said Treasurer, on Warrants to be Kfued by the Commissioners for the said Expedition at Albany, or any Two of them.

rxpir^in j AnjLBfor Reviving an Act, Intituled, An Act to prevent the*

l7l°’ Selling or Giving of Rum, or other Strong Liquors, to the" ' Indians in the County of , i

PRefent Keceffity requiring, Be it tiiaded by the Lieutenant Governor,' Council, and Affeinbly, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the (aitie!, That one Aar, Intituled, An Act Selling or Giving

of fount, or otkfr Sttvng Liqtiors, to Indian^;» the County of Albany, made in

me Eighth Year of Her present Majesty, Expired by its own Limitation, shall be dnd is hereby Eriaded by the Authority aforesaid, to be of Force for arid until the First Day of June next ensuing, and no longer, ’1

And wheteas Mr. John Cuyler did farki the Excise at Albany for One whole. Year, Upon th^ Seventh Day oljuly last, for the Slim of One hundred thirty one Pounds, at which time the Prohibition of Selling Ruin, and other Strong Liquors, to the Indians in the County Of Albany, was limited by an Act of Cienfefdl Assetttbly x>hly for Three Months ,* which Prohibition is now revived. Whereby the said Cuyler will be a Loser, in regard the Indians consumed a great deal of Strong Liquor; be it therefore Enacted, and it is hereby Enacted by* the Authority aforesaid, Thalt what Dafrtage the said "John Cuyler shall fuflainr by the said Prohibition, shall,- at the Expiration of the Year, be taken into Consideration by the -General Assembly, and alloW him as they shall think fit and reasonable. ,

Expired in An Act for the better Watching > and Guarding the City of I7,0‘ Albany.

An

AmoRegni Octavo Annae Regina.

til

An Act to Determine,Settle, and the Bounds and

Limits of the->County of Orange, v; A

r , k. t \ t

1 ‘ ■-" • •'*........f — j - ;«i

BE it Enacted tly ^the Lieutenant Governor, Council, and Assembly, find it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, Xhjtf die County, of Orange shall extend from the Limits and Confines of the Province of Neto-Jersey, on the West-ftde of,Hudsons-River, along the said River*, to the Line of the County of; and Wfeftward, fa-fat as Delaware-Riven: And that the last' Clause}wheteirt Wagdchemeck and and Little

mentioned m an Act, Intituled, An,Atffor the more regular Proceedings in the Elections of Representatiiiesfor the federal Cities and Counties within this Province, be and is nereby Repealed^ made Null and Void t any thing to the contrary

hereof in any wise notwithstanding^; '.

" Provided, ’and it is fter^bV" Enacted^ That all Levies and Assessmente,

An Act for the Otyand County of Albany the Arrears Expired in

due to their Representatives, and for other 1?I4*

i

ws

i

'There was also Vafs'd and Published at the same time.

N Afik for an Argument to the Lady Lovelace.

An

112

Anno Regni Qttavo Annae Regina.

Temporary. an Act to Repeal ah Act o General An

Act to Oblige Robert Livingfto?} to account^ according to the Purport of an Act, I, An Act Appointing and Enabling Commissioners to Take and State the Publick Accounts of this Province j

*Hereas an Act of Atfpmbly was jmde in the Year One thousand seven£ hundred and one, ;Ipti{uled, Ail toObUge Robert Liyingfton

account, according to, the intituled, An

pointing and Enabling Commissioners to take

therein and whereby the said Robert Liuingjfon flood! charged with the Receipt of the Sum of Seventeen thousand sixty nine Pounds, Nineteen. Shillings,; and Two Pence Farthing (alledged in the said Act ) ’by reason of specious Pretences of Disbursements for the Publick. ffom the Year One thousand six hundred eighty three, to the Year One thoulan^f seven hundred and one, of which' Sum he is thereby required to give an Account to the said Commissioners,' under the Penally of the Forfeiture and Confiscation of his Estate, Real and Personal, to that Value; he being before that time prevented of having the Benefit of his Vouchers by the late Lord Bellojnont> who, in the Year One thousand six hundred ninety eight, had commanded them into his own Possession from the then Clerk of the Council, was not able to finish the said Account, until the Arrival of the Viscount Cornbury, late Governor General of this Province, who laid his Commands, upon the Countess of .JSdloftiont, .id make Restoration of ‘ the said Vouchers,' which was performed accordingly'Whereupon the said Robert Livingston did soon after-complete his Account of the said Sunt, to the

Satisfaction of the late Governor and Council, who thereupon, on the Second of February, One thousand seven hundred and two, did, by Order of Council, restore the said RobertLivingfton to the peaceable' Possession of his Estate, Real and Personal, in the City. of N which had been Cpnfifcated by Virtue of the aforesaid Act, and an Office of Inquest thereof found by the Escheator General of the Province of , in Obedience to an Order

of Captain John Nanfan, Lieutenant Governor, and the Council of New-York.

And whereas the aforesaid Act of Assembly by another Act of Assembly of this Province, made in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady Queen Anne, Intituled, An Act Repeajingfe,veral of , and Declaring other

Ordinances, Published as Acts of Assembly,' to be Void, amongst other Acts of the next proceeding Assembly, ana Sentences, Judgments, Decree, Order, Ordinances, apd Edict, intituled,' made, and promulgated as Act or Acts of the General Assembly, or Law or Laws of this Colony, since the First Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and one, were, and thereby have been Declared and Enacted to be utterly and wholly Frustrate, Null, and Void.

And whereas it has seemed good to Her Royal Majesty, since that time, to grant Her Royal Approbation to some or one of those Laws, as aforesaid, Repealed by the aforesaid Act of Assembly, in order whereunto Her Majesty has been graciously pleased to Repeal that Ad, Intituled, An Act Repealing federal Acts of Assembly, and Declaring other Ordinances, as Acts of Assembly,

to be Void; by means whereof that Ad of Assembly, Intituled, An Act to Oblige Robert Livingston to account, according to the Purport of an Act, Intituled An Act for Appointing and Enabling Commissioners to Take and State the Publick Accounts of this Province, is become Revived, to the great Danger of the said Robert Lhingfon.

For

Anno Regrii OStavo Annas j113

For Prevention whereof. Be it Enacted by the Lieutenant Governor, Council, and General Assembly of the Colony of and by the Authority

of the fame. That the said Act, Intituled, Oblige Robert Livingston

to account, according to the Purport of an A7, Intituled, An Act for Appoint-

ing and Enabling Commissioners to Take and State the Publick Accounts of this Province> and all and every Article, Clause, Forfeiture, Confiscation, and Penalty therein contained, is and shall from henceforth be utterly Void to all Intents and Purposes; and all Process thereupon, which has already Hfued, or hereafter may Issue against the said Robert Land his Estate, Real and Personal whatsoever, is hereby likewise declared Null and Void to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever; and the said Robert Livingston is hereby Restored "unto and Protected in the peaceable Enjoyment of all his Estate,

Real and Personal, in New-York, which he had and enjoyed at the time of the making of the said Act of Assembly, Intituled, An Act to Oblige Robert Livingston to account, according to the Purport of an Act,. Intituled An Act for Appoint*

ing and Enabling Commissioners to Take and State the Publick Accounts of this Pro* vince, the said Act of Assembly, or any Process whatsoever, Inquest or Office of Record, found by the Escheator General aforesaid, or any other, against the said Robert Livingston, or his Estate, Real and Personal, or any Part thereof, or any other Law or Ad to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

F f A C A-

CATALOGUE of FEES,

Established by the

■. \; . , .' . , r.

Governor and Council

At the Humble Request of the

A S S E M BLY

For the Governor.

I

O R the Great Seal to every Patent for and un-*>_

der One hundred Acres---—-----J

For One thousand Acres and upwards of Arableo_

Land, for every Hundred Acres-----J

For every Licence of Marriage -

For his Hand and Seal to Letters of Admini-7 _ stration----- S

For a Certificate of Denization — For a Certificate of Naturalization-

For a Certificate that a Vessel was built> or belongs to Their Ma-7_

jesties Subjects——————-----—J

For every Certificate- under the Governor’s Hand and Seal to go7

beyond Sea-----■ 11 -

For every Hue and Cry-----

For a Licence to purchase Land of the Indiant For a Bill of Health-

For the Great Seal to a Confirmation for Renewing a Patent

& tt*

12 —.

10

10

10

10

10

10

10 —

7 3

12

12

The

iwMMMMitmmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmtmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmrnmmmmmtmmmmmmammm

ii 6 A Catalogue

- ~ri fir __u__________

F

The Secretary's Fees.

I.

O R a Patent for a House, Lot, or Confirmation of Land*}

__ formerly posselfed-----— ----- J

For a Patent for New Land, for and under One hundred Acres-----

And above One hundred Acres, Two Shillings per Hundred?________

Acres more.................. 3

For a Patent for a New Township-----y

For a Confirmation of a Township-----2

For a Warrant to survey Land'

For Recording a Will, Inventory, &c. under Twenty Fouf Lines--1-

For every Sheet more-----——*--- -......

For every Letter of Administration of One hundred Pounds, or?_____

under-----— ———-----S

For a Certificate of a Probate bf a Will-——— -——— —— For a Certificate of Letters of Naturalization or Denization

For a Pass to Europe, of a Ship of Thirty Tons-----

And upwards to One hundred Tons-----

And above One hundred Tons- ----- ■* -

For the same to the West-Indies, to pay for the Proportion-----£ —

For a Certificate that a Vessel Was built here, and belonging to?_______

Their Majesties Subjects----- S

For every Petition to the Governor and Council, and Order thereon —

For a Licence of Marriage -

For a Certificate of any Matter under the Governor’s Hand and?__________

Seal.----- 3

For a Hue and Cry-----

For a Licence to purchase Land of the Indians-----

For a Bill of Health-----— ■— —

For all Bonds-----:-----

For Copying every thing Recorded in the Secretary’s Office, first?_

Sheet containing Twenty four Lines, Eight Words to a Line-3

For every Sheet more-----;-----

For a Quietus of an Administration----- —

For every Commission, where there is a Salary or Fees allowed-----

12 12 2

IO

5

; 3

6

4

6

6

10

3

6

9

6

6 f 2

5

3

6

6

3

3

6

6

0*

9

Fees for the Court, of Forty Shillings, or under.

FOR the Summons-----*—----- -

For serving the Summons-----——-----

For. the Judgment—----- -

For the Summons for Evidence—............-— —-

For Serving the fame—----- ■— 1 -

For the Jury for the fame—- -

Fees

A Catalogue vof g

117

Fees.for tfaJvffcesrMwrtya -tT-

OR every Warrant of Appearance-

For the JusticeY Clerk for a Bond-’-j-For Taking Bail in Court, or out- y For Acknowledging a Deed of Sale -tt— For a Licence for lelling Drink—

For the Clerk for a Bond for the fame-

:"T *!Mi

•’-•fi- Hi'O.

- I 6

-rr:—: >11o1

..n.;

’j dl tc -----1

■l-'r-----

Z to 1

tr

15* Ju&ges and Juf icesFees for

- mon-PJeas.----- . r

r:- i ,'M’rt 10 T

not

,‘i naio

mV 1

A X

-.5

FOR all Actions, from Forty Shillings to Twenty Pounds_

From Twenty .Pounds and upward—v,

For every Judgment 'of Chuft V>. - - — - - *■— -1 L ..v'-*-:

For Signing an Execution-----—-----

For Signing a Bill of Cost-----— -

For Admittance of a-Guardian For Proving, of a Will

6

:>V-t

- 6

; r~

- , V T

For a Certificate for the same to the-Secretary 3 Office at ’t> ~ 6

For Acknowledging Satisfaction- upon- Record-----;.i >".05

-I—T,-i-

-Fees for the Clerk of the Sessions and

F

OR a Writ or For Filing a Declaration-

*-•»->' "1

w_L

For a Copy joLa Declaration, if required, every Sheet containing?;

JFifteen Lines, Eight-Words toa-Line----- ■*—*—>■ :■

For Entring every Action-----

For every Venire - -----:—-—;-----,-----:—-----r

For every Subpoena—*> »-0

For Entring a Verdin-----

For Entring Judgment—=•--For Execution-

For Copying of the Records, for each-Sheet, containing Fifteen?-

Lines, and-Eight Words to a Line ----- ———>

For Entry, Rule, or Order of Court——:—----- -—- *-----•

For Reading a Petition—«- ■- ...............* ‘--- —;

For Answer thereon ■. u —.... t -- —— -—* -

For Withdrawing an Action

For a Scire Facias-r---

For a Habeas Corpus---

For every Recognizan$e-For a Supersedeas

- rr-

For Searching the Records within One Year— For every Year backwards Three Pence more For Entring a Plea—;—-f -

~r-

~Vfe

- 9

1 ■—

9

~, 9

i'

t f.i

- 6

- 9

- 6 — 6

1 6 1 -I 6 — 6

~ 3 — 9

Gg

The

n8

A Catalogue of ¥ it E) S.

The Sheriffs Fees for, i/A Courttof'Serous abdCoiii?vv-1

xmop-PIfias.

* ..................... , !rv;*-'• 'r*r:-7/<r!;:

for Returning^ Writ-For a yenirf

"V i "Mi!!

For Returning the same-

For Serving an Execution under One hundred Pounds——

For every Ten Pounds more-----;-----.»r-r-r

For Serving a-Wril of PossessiW-« -• V VY^rL..«. .^V^V I

For Scire Facias Serving, and Return-----——

For every Person committed into the Common Prison——

6 r

- ▼ - - 4

; 1

L

az I, 2

—7* i z

’3.

The Cryer or MarshaFsTees for the Sessions and Cfow-

’* mon-Pleas.......... -

- fi o' ' i

- 1 "v # i? r>\) ■»« \

FOR Calling a Jury, each Cause For Calling every Witness

'/■ nil

•:'A •!•)' )

For every Verdi<£-For Oiling each Action-

For the Person that shall ring the Bell, or beat the Drum, each?_ ___

Action depending in Court-----—----- 3

For every Jury-mafc,each A$fof|

\\ i i

vvT" rr

Council and A

F

O R Attorney’s Fees—-For Pleading each Cause

-U~.,

6

6

■ ".i

- 4

Fees, for the Judgesof the Supreme

F

O R Taking Bail on a Cepi Corpus

>*-4-

__ For Allowance, and taking Bail on a Writ of Error-

For Taking Bail on a Habeas Carpus-—■—~

For a Supersedeas- -

For Acknowledging a Deed to be Enrolled

for Admitting of a Guardian-----

For Signing a Bill of Costs -

For a Discontinuance———— -

For a Prohibition

For Licencing a Person to be an Attorney 1 —■- ■- -

For ail Actions of Debt above Twenty to One hundred Pounds— For One hundred Pounds and upwards - , r-- ——- ' *——<

For all Actions of Assault and Battery, false Imprisotiment, Defa-?

mation, Actions of Trespass, and all other Personal Actions - > For all Presentments, Informations, and indictments in Criminal?

Matters----- — ...... — y

For Actions of Ejeflment-----

$ 6

6

I

6

i

s

9 18

5 lo

- io

lo — to —

Clerk

AO f\*~-

A Catalogue

• 5

E

Clerk's Fees for the Supreme Court.

O R Filing a Declaration

i. x. b.

- n

For Copy.thereof, if requhed, .each Sheet of Fifteen Unes,7__ 6

Eight Words to a. Line-----r-----— - ----- ——J

For Entring all manner of Pleas, ^o^Sheet For Entring a Verdjd and Judgment-——

For all manner of Executions-———

For Copy of the Records, for each Sheet -

For a Rule of Court——-----r— -

For Reading a Petition -

For an Order upon it —:-----*-----

For Copy of it----- -

For Entring Satisfaction upon Record —

For Withdrawing an Action-----— -

For every Deed Acknowledged—-----—

For ah Recognizances -

For a Prohibition-

TV-T

For Searching the Records-

For Serving a Sene Factor* and Return

—f ,6

T—>

r. i6

—6

;..l. —

9

i

i —

If

3

6

The Sheriffs Fees for the

FO R Serving a Writ or Capiasy taking into Custody, and Bail?___

Bond, without any Pretence for Riding-in the County—-5

For the Venire Facias, arid Return - : 4*

For Serving an Execution under One hundred Potirids ——> -

For every Ten Pounds more -

For Serving a Writ of Pefleflion

i 3r '

•if

3

i

r ~ t

r > i

3

S

i

12

3

119

The MarshaJ or Cryers

FO R Calling each Adior For Calling every Jury-For Swearing every Witness-

i —

9

u

- Fees for the Mayors Court Fo R Fixing the City-Seal----- -

3 —

The Clerk's Fees for the Mayor’s Court*

jp10 R an Arrest, Attachment, or Summons-

For Recording a Declaration

For Copy thereof, if required-----rr

For Entring and Recording the Answer-For Cony thereof, if required—

For Order of Court -1 —

For Copy thereof, if required-----

For Entring a Judgment—*-----

6

6

9

9

For

t

U s.

120 A Catalogue S'.

For Copy thereof, if required----- - L-r-7-L—r-—^— i —

For Execution - i 6

For a Copy thereof, if required----- —----- —r _ g

For Reading and Entring a Petition f V y~—

For a. Copy thereof, if required-----i—^-----^-Lu— J-L ,9

Fora Warrant to summons a Jury, each A^ion -

For Whhdrawing an Action -

For Entring and Recording Bargains and Sales of Lands,1 iJdikes, l •'

Wills, Administrations, and other Writings passed’i(tf Comrt,>*-^; h' 6

not above Two Pages———-----— ■—■) n v

For every Page more-----—— — ylL.■ 6

For a Certificate——— —-—— —~ - J 6

For a ScireFacias' ----- — -~ — i

For an Habere Facias Foffejfionem:—- - - .—■' ——~; ' i' 6

For Licences for Inn-keepers, Victuallers,:and Retailers f:* 6

For a -Subpoenafor Witness'es, Four,'or under •=•■—' —-G—;!: 1 i* 6

If more. Three Pence for each Person subpoena’d - < ■j

For Entring an Allowance for a. Habeas Corpus ——-----<■ >—r-pv^ i 6

For a Copy of the Records^ per Sheet----- - —■= *4; i_L 6

- i - — ----- j-»ii ,;4 r :>r»i

The Sheriff’s Fees for Mayors Court.

• : k \ . ■- *• V.

FOR every Arrest and Return-

_ For Summons and Return For every Bail Bond

•.f-

For every Person that shall be Arrested and committed to PrisonL i;-

for want of Bail, or not Bailable -

For Returning of a Jury in each Cause For every Cause in Court-

ft*

For every Execution that shall be served, if under One hundred? Pounds-----— -

-r

For every Ten Pounds more-

i) Ti

2

1

I

3

6

T —

•i

i

S

i

-4

The MarshaVs Fees.'

FO R Summoning a Jury in each Cause— - -■ > -4

For every Witness in Court—-----

For Calling every Action-----—— .•-----— -

For every Prisoner committed to Goal -

Bell-Ringers Fees.

FO R every Prisoner committed -•

For every Action in Court-----. —

The Juries Fees.

FO R every Cause in the City, for each Man on the said? -Jury----- ——— -----—>

6

3

44

i

r 4

I

44

9

Fees

121

A Catalogue of S.

FEES to fa Received in the Custom-House,by Their Majesties Collector and Receiver-General of the Province of New-York.

FO R Entry of every Ship, "or other Vessel, Burthen Sixty? __

Tons, or upwards, Inwards or Outttatrds For every Post-Entry of the lame-—— -

For Licence to Load or Unload———-■—-r-

For every Bill of Sight-----

For every Bill of Store— -

For every Permit or Warrant of*- Entry

For every Port of the fame-

- \

S.

12

For every .Certificate of Goods Landed, where Bond is given?_

Abroad-----—- -— -----————^ —1————J

for every other Certificate

For the Jerking and Clearing the &me in or out, and comparing?_

the Merchant’s Entiy, and the Matter’s Invoice or Outvoice—S For a Cocquet, Let^pafi, or Transire—

il

Ships or other Vessels burthen d under Sixty Tons, and more than Twenty, Tradipgitoto ot'out of this Province.

F

7* O R every Entry m or our-

For Licence to Load or Unload* For every Pott-Edttyc Of the fame—1*- For a Bill of Store-

For a Permir'or Warranrof Entry For every Pott of the fane——-y-For every Bond——— For a Certificate - ^"-— '-' -

For Clearing and Jerking the fame, &c. in or'out For a Let-pass, Cocquet, or Transire-----

V

4 -- .v, *- -

c. .i

ns, strovince.

• j M’

O R* every Entry in or out

Sloops or Vessels of Twenty Tons, or under, coming or.

’ gokg out of‘ "----- ' v

If For Licence to Load or Unload

For a Post-Entry-----

For a Bill of Store--——-----

For a Bill of Sight-----

For a Permit or Warrant of Entry

For a Post of the fame—----- —

For a Bond

~:r

v-j; —g*.

For a Jerking and Clearing the fame in or out, (jc. For Cocquet, Let-pass, and Transire-■ -

6 ■—

i

io *—* io —

4 —

i — . 6

io ——

5 —

6 —

6 —

} 0 y

riA + »J m'

i

2 1 6

1 —-

-2 ' 6

i 6

3 *—

4 —

3

t \ . . ( 1 y >.

t ’ 3 *> . i p ~ , 6 6

2 6

2 e>

•n V rd

2 6

2 6

3 r r

H h

> s:

Shops

122

A Catalogue

Sloops, &c. fracting within this Province, towards ’ the Ggnfledticuf, up Hi*c}f®ns-Rivery and

to East-Jersey.

’"i l» J0h ft*

FOR an Entry in or out1 ■----- -----—— — —* •’

Fbr Licence to Load or Unload----- — — — 4.*.

Fox Pefs and Clearing-----—-----—■ —

For Permit or Warrant of Entry----- — 44.

Other Fees taken in the Custom-House.

FO R the Sight of every Certificate of Bond given, and En-7_____

tring thp lame in the King’s Books----- S

For Cancelling a Bond, Filing, a Certificate, and making it Re->_

turned in the King’s Books -

6

6

Provided always, That no other Fees shall be taken for or concerning the Naval Office, Tonnage, or the Enumerated Commodities, or any other thing which relates to Shipping, upon any Pretence whatsoever.

Clerk of the Ajfemhlys Fees.

F

O R Reading and Entring every Petition [ For Entring an Answer thereof -

For Recording the_said Petition, if required-- . P ——r---

For the Clerk’s Attendance on. the House, jail.Committees, and> ^_:

Drawing up Resolves, &c. per Diem

Fox the Perulal of any A&> or.each Day’s Minutes ——,—7——i

For a Copy of each Day’s Minutes—-—- r-r—---7-^ -7^—— -ri

For aa Order of the Jdoufe. to the Serjeant at Arms to bring, any Person before the House-r-r——--- —-—- —__________

For Entring the said. Order, and Copy —— -,; /- , .r ■.

3 "

I -

10 —

J

■ a.

6

1:

6

e

The Serjeant at Amiss Fees.

F

..» i \

/T

*- 0.

r

r

OR an Arrest in the Town-----VTn ^,-v—

In the Country, for the first Ten Miles going and coming —" 'io

For every Mile more-Fof every Day a Prifofter urtdischarged For the Return of art Order ——•——

a

J ih

The

For every Day’s Attendance—-----——

Tv'l l *M

- :. The Coroner s

Fq R Viewing of a dead Body not {lain by Misadventure

1 a

TI'C

A Catalogue

123

The Surveyors Fees.

h

EOR Surveying a Piece of Land, if undergone hundred Acres, 1

If more, for every Day he surveys-----—

: employs any Person to assist him, Diem-----—

For every Lot of Ground in the Town, not exceeding Three?________

Acres----->

If more than Three Acres, Two Shillings per Acre -

For Travelling Charges, when he does not survey, per Diem-----

To the Attorney-General, for

IN CriminalCause's----- 1

In Capital causes----- 3

8*

m y.", ^r'i TUTU T'i T-i Y-i W i m w r.f/< >7 w ?,ji

City of New-York, September 20. 1693. the Fifth Tear of Their

Reign,

THE House of Representatives for Their Majesties Province of New-York do Order, That this Catalogue of Fees be sent up to the Governor and Council, praying his Excellency that he may Establish the same.

By Order of the House of Representather,

James Graham, Speaker.

An Act for Regulating and Establishing Fees.

ACTS

A C T S passed by th& General Assembly of the Colony of New-York, in 0Bober, and Novem*

lerfi^jid. being the Ninth Year of Her Maj^ ftys Reign: .'yl-

> - f . 7.’ -

An Act for Layiife ah Excise 6nall Strong Liquors [Retailed Expired in this Colony. , .*711’

An Act for Continuing an Act for Laying a Duty on the Tonnage Expired m

of Vessels and Slaves. 1713‘

E it Enabled by the Governor, Council, and Afliembly, ajid it is herebyEna&ed by the Authority ;of the fame, That one Act, Intituled,- An Act for Laying a Duty on tbs Tonnage of

and Slarvef^made in the Eighth^ Year of Her MajestyV Reign, shall be of Force and continue until the First Day of ‘ which shall be in the Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and thirteen.

, And for the better Collecting the said Duty, and more effectual putting the said Aft in Execution,. Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Matter or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, the one Half thereof not belonging to the Inhabitants of this Colony ( Coasting Vessels belonging to the Majfa-chufetly Kbode-lflandyConnecticutyand the Jerfiesy excepted) that shall arrive

and come intct. this Port or Harbour, Hull, within Twenty four Hours after such his Arrival, repair to the Officer, appointed to Collect the said Duty, provided Notice be given.by the said Officer, and then and there produce to the said Officer the Register of his Ship or Vessel, to be perused, and, if required, to give a true Copy of the Register of such Ship or Vessel to the said Officer, attested by the said Matteror Commander, within Twenty four Hours after such Request, under the Penalty,of Five Pounds, current .Money of this Colony, for every such Delay, Denial, Neglect, or Refiifal to comply with this Act. 1

; .And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Matter or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, liable to pay the said Duty, shall be obliged, and is hereby required to Report upon Oath before the Mayor, or any of the Aldermen of the Cixy&f &ew-Torky the Dimensions of his Ship or Vessel, as : I i is

146

Amo Regrit Nono Annas Regina,

is mentioned and expressed in the said Act, and produce and give the same to the said Officer within Six Days after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel within the said Port or Harbour, under the Penalty of Five Pounds, current Money Of this Colony*

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Matter jor Commander of any Ship or Vessel, shall, within Twenty four Hours alter the Arrival of his Vessel in the Harbour or Port aforesaid, on Notice given him by the said Officer, make Oath before the Mayor, or any of the Aldermen 'dfqresaid, ' who-are> required and imp<ftVfcred*to Admfinifter the; 'fifnne. vhftr Number of Slaves are brotjghtlpr come uitalhe said Port in his $o'of or Vessifl? and for hfsEteUylhg, Denying, > Neglecting, of Refafing to make >Oath, asidfore-fud, Within the time herehvbefore. limited and expceffeSd, £>ffeit.and pay the Sum of Twenty Poufidl, Current "Mofley aforesaid: ‘ ’• )*

And for the more orderly and easier Colleding the said Duty by .’the said Act imposed, Be it further Enacted by the fame Authority, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures mentioned in the said Act, and herein expressed, shall be Recovered In the same manner as is mentioned in the said Act, or in the Mayor's Court of the City of New*York} who are hereby required summarily to hear and determine the fame, on the Oath of one Credible Witness, or Confession of the Party Offending, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, current Money f»f this'Colony, to be Recovered’in the Supreme Court of Judicature In thi$ Pro-Vince, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, where no Essoign, Protection, - Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vessels that have or shall be built in any part of this Colony, shall not be liable to pay the said Duty of Tonnage for the first time they shall enter and clear out.

•fK* -v- sK -v- ‘V' ‘V. 'V' -v <T< Mfk-

'~wir* -a, Ay ey -«*v, .a. *ey -a- -yv. vy, ey a, ey X

Spired in An Act for Reviving m AB of

17tu ■An Act for the better Settling the Militia of this Province

> and making it more Useful for the Security and Defencd thereof. t i V

* . i 4

BE it Enacted by his Excellency the Governor, Council, arid Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That one Ad of General Assembly, Intituled, An Act for the better Settling the Militia of this , and

making it more Useful for the Security and Defence thereof) made in the First Year , of Her Majesty's Reign, Expired by its own Limitation, shall be, and is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, to be of Force from the Publication hereof, until the First Day of November, which shall be in the Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and eleven, and no longer.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of this Act, all the Civil Officers, and all those that formerly have had Military Commissions, those not in immediate Command, and others who are not Lifted in the City Companies or Troop, inhabiting in the City of Ah bony ( except Ministers of the Gospel) be obliged- to Lift themselves in 2 Company, which is to be commanded by a Captain and Two Lieutenants, such as his Excellency the Governor shall be pleased to appoint, out of the said Civil or Military Officers; which’ Company is hereby directed and ordered altogether to take its respective Turn in mounting and keeping the Night-Guards in some convenient Place in the said City, as other Companies of Militia of the said

Atm Reg?* Nom> Anix* Ragkte,

wu* xvxr

laid City do. And if any of the said Civil or Military Officers shall refuse to accept of such Commission, he or they shall forfeit Twenty Pounds, one Half thereof to.,be applied towards' Fortifying the Qty of 'Albany^ and «h* otjher ffelf to such Person or Persons as ffiaU Stie, for the feme. And lT'any Person who is* nor Lifted in the City Companies or1 Troop at Albany, foil! reftife or neglect to Lift themselves in the said Company, in the Space of.Thidy:3Days after the Publication of this Act, shall forfeit for such Offence Six Pounds, to be Recovered and Applied, as aforesaid. And if any of the said Company shall refuse or »egle& to- mount the Quard in his Torn, and keep1 the NightfGi(r¥, or fend afit Man in his Room, who shall be accepted by the Captaiii’o£tl|p Guard, such Person shall forfeit, for each such: Offencej Three Shillings^for the Use of the feW Guard, to be Levied by DSftrefs of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by'Warrant under the* Hand and Seal of the Captain of the/feid Company. -r' . . : •-■(t’v"

And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That in time of; Danger and Alarm, all the Inhabitants of the City and County of ( except

those of Schenectady ) as well those who are Lifted in the Militia Companies, as those who are not, do, upon the first Warning, come in with their Arms into the City of Albany, for the Defence thereof, (if not prevented by Sickness, or other ‘ inevitable Accident) upon Penalty of Forfeiting of Ten Pounds, to be applied one Half for the Fortifying of the City of , and the other Half to such Pejfop or Persons aj shall Sue for the fame. And that those Militia Com-Jttme&.in«rheof Albany ( except SehenaClady, as .aforesaid.) .vvdik. tb&i respective Officers, shall take their Turn in Mounting and Keeping thoJNijht-Guards in some convenient Place in the said City, as other Companies in the said City do, during the time of Alarm, upon Penalty of Forfeiting for each Offence Three Shillings, for the Use of the said Guard, to be Levied id —— nerv as aforesaid: As also. That die Civil Officers in the County, and that are not Lifted in the Militia Companies; as aforesaid, shall Enrol wjtf aforesaid Company 6f Civil and Military Officers,* and those .that formerly havo had Military Commissions, and take their Turn in mounting and keeping the NightGuard, equal with, them, during the rime , of Alarm. . y J

And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers of the Two Militia Companies, and other Officers in the City of , belonging to the Regiment, they, or any other fit Officer in their' Room, shall itakft their Tespective Turns in mounting and keeping the .NightGuard, upORthp Penalty of Forfeiting, for every. Offence, Six Shillings; and that the Major shall, every Evening, go the Majors Rounds, or the Captain of the Guard, upon Penalty of Forfeiting Six Shillings, to be Levied by Distress of the Offenders Goods, and Chattels, by Warrant under ithe Hand and .Seal of the Colonel

of the said Regiment.

And be it further Enadfed by the Authority aforesaid, That; for the better Re-i gulating of Orders on the said Guards, a Court-Marfliaf shall. be held in the City-Jlall of Albany every first Monday in the Monthany Law, .Ufege, Pf Custom to the contrary notwithstanding. v>

1

\ 1

An

128

Anno Regni Norro Annae

fexj)ired in An Act for Reviving an Act, An Act for Regula*

*7Ii‘ ting and Returning able and sufficient Jurors in Tryals at Law.

B,E it Enacted by his Excellency the Governor, Council, and General Affem-l bly, and by. the Authority of the same, That one Ad, Intituled, Act for the Regulating and Returning able and sufficient Jurors in Tryals at

made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign King William the Third,: of Glorious Memory, Expired by its own Limitation, shall be, and is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, to be Revived, and of Force, for and until the First Day of November, which shall be in the Year of our ford. One thousand seven hundred and twelve, and no longer. . . 7,

An Act for the better Settlement and Ajfuring of Lands in this Colony.

BE it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, Cities, or Towns, who byr themselves, their Tenants, or Servants, or his car their Assignee or Assigns, Grantees, their Ancestors, Predecessors, or others, under whom they Claim, have been Seized to their own Use or Uses, or taken the Rents, Issues, and Profits of any Messuages, Houses, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments whatsoever in this Colony and Planta-tion, in his or their own proper Right, for the Tam and Space of Ten Years now last part, and shall so continue, whetha in their own Persons, their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or by any other Person or Persons under them, in possession, as aforesaid, without any Claim either by actual Entry, and Possession thereupon continued, or Suit to .be prosecuted to EfFett, until the First Day of September, in the Year of our Lord One. thousand seven hundred and thirteen, shall, from and after, the said; First Day jo and for ever, be Ad-

judged, Deemed, and Taken to be the True, Rightful, and Lawful Owner of such Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, and shall and may Have, Hold, and Enjoy the fame; any Claim, Right, Title,; Demand, or Pretence, to the contrary thereof, by or from any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate whatsoever, in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided, That neither this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall extend or be construed to the Prejudice or Bar of any Person or Persons, who shall, before the said First Day of S, One thousand seven hundred and thirteen, commence any Suit for any Lands, Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments in this Colony, and afterwards Prosecute the same to Effect; nor to the Prejudice of any Mortgagee or Lessee, where Mortgage or Lease shall be Recorded in the Secretary’s Office of this Colony before the said First Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and thirteen.

129

Anno Regni Nono Annae Regina.

Provided also, That neither this A#, nor any thing therein contained, shall be extended or confirmed to the Prejudice or Hindrance of any Person or Persons under Age of One and twenty Years, Married Women, not of Sound Mind, Imprisoned, or beyond the Seas: Provided such Person or Persons, within Three Years after his or their coming to the Age of One and twenty Years, being Unmarried, becoming of Sound Mind, Liberty, or Return into this Plantation or Colony, do make their actual Entry, or bring their Suit, as aforesaid, otherwise to be utterly debarred and excluded from any Entry, Claim, Suit, or Demand whatsoever.

And whereas by many Accidents the Deeds and Writings relating to Estates some time have been and may hereafter be destroyed, consumed, and loft, whereby the Lawful and Rightful Owner of any Lands, Messuages, Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, may be exposed to many doubtful, expenfivej and vexatious Suits, and other Inconveniencies; For the Preventing whereof.

Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Deed or Deeds, Conveyance, or Conveyances, and Writings, relating to the Title or Property of any Lands, Messuages, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within this Colony* which have been already, or shall be hereafter Executed, being duly Acknowledged and Recorded in the Secretary’s Office of the said Colony, or in the County-Records where such Lands are situate and being, such Deed or Writing so Recorded, or Transcript thereof shall be good and effi^tual Evidence in any Court of Record within this Colony, to all Intents aneff^rposes, as if the Origihal Deed or Deeds, Conveyance or Conveyances, and: Writings, was or were produced and proved in Court.

And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Dutch Word ONROE REND E, and the Words which are commonly rendred into English by the Words and

by which, in the Dutch Language, is understood a Real Estate, Houses, Lands, and Tenements, and other Real Estate of Inheritance, and are used In any Dutch Antenuptial Contract, or Last Will and Testament, or Deed or Deeds made in this Colony, and duly Executed'before Two or more Credible Witnesses, at any time before the Publication of this A#, ought therefore to be understood of a Real Estate; and that the Parties who have or c|aim any Right to any Real Estate, or Part thereof, within this Colony, by Virtue of the aforesaid Dutch Words, or either of them, used ini such Dutch Antenuptial Contracts, or Wills and Testaments, or Deed or Deeds, as aforesaid, shall and may enjoy the same to his or their Heirs and Assigns for ever, in as full and ample manner as if the Devise, Deed, Grant, or Conveyance was made by the Words [Real Estate, Lands, or Tenements] and Sue for the fame in Her Majesty's Courts within this.Colony, and recover Possession, accordingly; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding. ,

K k

Anno Regni Nono Annae

130

fc. —

An Act to Repeal a Clause in an Act, Intituled, An Act

against Forging, Counterfeiting, and Clipping of Foreign Coin, which is Current Money in the Colony of York.

BE it Enabled by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That whatever is contained in an Act, Intituled, An Act against Forging, Counterfeiting, and Dipping of Foreign , which is Current Money in this Colony of New-York, so far as it relates to Clipping only, is hereby Repealed, Vacated, Annulled, made Void, and of none Effect, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had never been made.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Clippings of Foreign Coin, current in this Colony, that shall make up the Weight of Money received or paid, shall have the Appearance of the Stamp of the said Foreign Coin on some Part of the said Clippings.

Provided always, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Dollars, o^Jdalf Dollars, or any other Coin, than Coin of Sevil,

Pillar, and Mexico Plate, is permitted by this Act to be Clipped; any Law to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

1 s

The foregoing Six Atts were PublishecTthe loth of October, 1710.

Expired; An Act to Retrench the growing Inter eft of Bills of

Temporary;

An Act to ColleB the Arrears of Taxes.

BE it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Collectors for the several Counties, Cities, Towns, Manors, Liberties, and Jurisdictions in this Colony, who were, or have been at any time heretofore chosen and appointed, to Levy and Collect all or any Part of the Taxes raised within-this Colony since the Twenty seventh Day of September, which was in the Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and six, until the Publication of this Act, or in case of Death or Removal, the Collector or Collectors for the time being, shall and are hereby directed, required, and impowered to Levy and Collect the Arrears of all or any Part of the said Taxes, according to the several Assessments thereof made, of and from the several and respective Persons in the several and respe-ftive Cities, Towns, Manors, Liberties, and Jurisdictions in this Colony, chargeable therewith, who have not paid all, or lull are in Arrear for the said Taxes, or any Part thereof,- and the Sums so Levied and Collected, with the Sums

now

Anno Regni Nono Ann* Regina,

now remaining in any Collector’s Hands, of any Assessment, shall forthwith be paid to Colonel Abraham De Peyfter, the Treasurer of this Colony, to be issued and paid according to the Laws of this Plantation.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Collectors, and every of them, shall have the fame Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Advantages, for the putting this Act in Execution, and be liable and undergo the fame Pains and Penalties, in case of any Omission, Neglect, or Abuse, as the Collectors in any or all the Acts of General Assembly are inverted with, or liable unto, as if the fame were specially and particularly at large mentioned in this Act.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Arrears of the Excise of the last Year, due by the several Cities, Towns, Manors, Boroughs, and Counties of this Colony, be paid unto the said Treasurer within the Space of one Month after the Publication hereof, under the Penalty of Forfeiting Double the Sum in Arrear, by the Person making Default, contrary to the Intent of this Act, to be Recovered by the Treasurer of this Colony, by Action of Debt, in any of Her Majesty's Courts in this Colony, and to be applied towards Defraying the necelfaiy Charge and Support of the Government.

Tublished the l^th of November, 1710.

ACTS

I

1

V^»

*33

ACTS passed by the General Assembly of the Colony or New-York, in July and August, 1711. being the Tenth Year of Her Majesty's Reign.

An Act for Rat frig Forces to Assist the Expedition to Canada, spired,

An Act for Levying the Sum of Ten thousand . Expired.

tons

An Act for the Currency of Bills of Credit for Twenty five -- fond Ounces of Plate. , V

Expires I May, 1719.

An Act to appoint Commissioners t Expired‘

other Necessaries for the Expedition to Reduce Canada.

1 /

An Act for the better Rewarding of Volunteers .oh the present Expired. Expedition against Canada^ to be Levied in the Cities o/New-York and Albany, and the Pay ofother Officers, ,rrr relating to the fame Expedition,

r ..t

An

134

Anno Regni Dccnno Ann® Regina.

Expired in 1713.

Expired in 17»3.

An Act for Continuing an ASt, An Act for Laying an Excise on all Strong Liquors Retailed in this Colony*

JnABfor the more effectual puttmgln ' Execution -Act of

General AJfetnbly, Intituled \~A£k for Laying a Lhtty on the Tonnage of Vessels and Slaves.' J '

FO R the better and more effectual Levying the Duty of Three Pounds laid for every Negro that shall be Imported into this Colony, not directly from Africa, and Three Pounds for every other Slave that shall not be directly imported into this Colony from his or her Native Country $ Bd it Enabled by the GoVernOr. Council and^ Assembly, and by 'thfe Authority of the same, Thar if, within the 'Space "of Six DayS" after the Importation into this Colony of any such Negro, or other Slave, the Owner or Importer of any such Negro, or other Slave, shall not, or do not pay to the Officer appointed to receive the same, the Duty laid and required to be paid on such Importation, as aforesaid, it shall and may be Lawful to and for the said Offider^ by^Virtue of this to take- and feiza aiTandfcvery such Negro, or other Slave, and him, her, or diem, to fecufo arid keep until the said Duty be satisfied and fully paid: And if within Three Days after such Seizure the Owner or Importers of such Negro, or other Slave, shall not pay add satisfie the said Duty, it shall and may be Lawful for the said Officer to expose such Negro, or other Slave, to publick Sale to the highest Bidder, for the Payment of the Duty aforesaid, arid Charge and Expectce of keepfhg arid Sale^'fetum-ing the Overplus to the Owner or Importer. ' And every such Salmis .hereby declared to be Good, Valid, and Effectual in' the Law, as if the fame were contracted and made by the Importer or Owner of such Negro or Slave.

And be it further Enacted, by, the Authority aforesaid* That if any Person or Persons shall refill or abuse the said Officer in the Execution of his said Office, he or they, shall Jose andvforfeit One hundred Pounds* current Money-of New-fooe recoVerea in atryCdtfrt of Record in mif Colony, bjy ACHonof Debt, Bill,'Piling or Information: { the oiteHaifaherdqf tio be to Hef •Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, to be paid to the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, to be applied, towards the Support of this Government, and the Other Half to lum that will Sue for the same.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Mailer or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, shall, within Forty eight Hours after his or thaVAffival tyichin this Colonyi make Oath before-xhe Mayor.of the City of or/anyj.ustice of the Peace for- the time being* what Number of Negroes^ or other Slaves, he or they have brought into this Province, and to whomConsigned;' arid on his or their Refusal to take such. Oath, shall forfeit jnd pay One hundred Pounds, current Money of this Colony, to be Recovered and Applied, as aforesaid.

An

Anno Regni Dec fata Annie Regina. $ 5

An Act to Enable Thomas ‘Whitejiead o Sell and Dispofi of Temporary.

• some Part of the hands Devisedto him by his under

the Limitation of\a General Entaih' < c

WHereas 'Thomas Whitehead,Son of Daniel Whitehead, Eiq; late' of

Jamaica in gpeens-County, Deceased, hath by his Petition let forth.

That his Father, Daniel Whiteheadhas, by his Last Will and Testament, bearing Date the Thirteenth Day of November, in the Year Seventeen hundred and three, Devised unto him, and the Heirs of his Body lawfully to be begotten; and the Reversion thereof, for lack of such Hue, to his the said Daniel’s Son, Jonathan Whitehead, and the Heirs of his Body lawfully bejgot-ten, or to be begotten j and for lack of such Ilfue, to the next right Heirs of him the said Daniel Whitehead for ever, divers Tracts of Land in Queem-County, (containing i^out Thfrteeh,hundred Acres} tut "Wholly unimproved. ' - .V v To the Intent therefore that the said Thomas Whitehead nfay be Enabled to make Improvements upon the said Lands for the bettering of the said Estate,

Be it Enacted by his Excellency the Governor, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council and General Assembly of this Colony of New-York, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be Lawful for him the said Thomas Whitehead, to Alien, Sell, and Dispose, in Fee simple, or otherwise, of apy. Part pr Parcel of the Cud Devised Lands, With die Appurtenances, hot ekr •: -cefeding 'the Quantity of Four hundred Acres, out of One, or at most-Two Tracts or Parcels of the Lands Devised-by the Will aforesaid: And that such Sale, Alienation and Disposition of him the said Thomas Whitehead, to such Person or Persons as shall purchase the fame, shall be as Good, Sufficient, and Effectual in the Law, to all Intent? and Purposes. whatsoever, as if the said Thomas Whitehead had, at the time of making this Act, a Free, Clear, and Ab-

solute Estate, in Fqe-simple^ in and.to the fartie..,

Saving, all.Right of Hdr Majesty, Hef Heirs and Successor$,'and of all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and of all other Persons whatsoever, except the said Thomas Whitehead, and the: Heirs of his Body, and the said Jonathan Whitehfadp apd the ffoirs of his Body, and tHeHeks of the said Daniel Whitehead.

r,[ These Afrti were PuUished the; 2 6thDay of July, i 7/1,

ts ‘. I

An Act for the Security and Defence , during the Expired.

; Expedition to Canada. -

An •.

13$ , Amo Regm D Annas

Expired. An Act for Reviving an Act, Intituled, An Act to prevent Selling; or Giving of Ruin, of other Strong Liquors, to the Indians; and to prevent the of the Clothing,

Arms, or Accoutrements, sent by Her for the Service

of the present Expedition*

These Two Atts were Published

the 4th Day of August, 1711.

An Act for Raijing Two thousan eight hundred and fifty five Ounces of Plate.

Ditto. An Act to Oblige the Manors in the County of WestcKefter pay their Arrears of Taxes.

An Act to prevent the Impairing the Fortifications.

BE it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That any Person or Persons,- -who shall be Convicted^ by the Oath of One Credible Witness, before, any Justice of the Peace in this Colony, who is hereby Authorized and Required to hear and determine the fame, of Demolifliing, Spoiling, or Impairing atiy part of the Fortifications that now are, or hereafter shall be made and ereftea in this Colony, shall suffer such Punishment by Fine or Imprisonment, as to such Justice of the Peace in his Discretion shall appear proportionable to the Offence.

And be it further Enacted by the fame Authority, That all such Fines which shall be Imposed and Levied by Virtue of this Aj&,.shall be paid In to thq - -- Treasurers of the Cities and’CountieS respectively, where such Fortifications are or shall be made or erected, and be disposed and applied towards the Upholding and Repairing the Fortifications respectively where such Offence mall be committed, and not otherwise.

Ditto. An Act for Reviving an Act, Intituled, An Act to prevent the Selling or Giving of Rum, or other Strong Liquors, to the Indians in the County of Albany.

An

Anno Regni Decimo Annae Regina.

13 7

An ABReviving an Act, Intituled, An Act for the better Expired in

Settling the Militia of this Province, and making it more ,?I2' Useful for the Security and Defence thereof.

An Act to Authorize the surviving for the - Ditto.

pedition to reduce Canada, to aB and purfiie the Powers committed to them, as fully as if Captain John De Peyfter deceased were f ill alive; and to make in case of the

Death of any other of the Commissioners.

An Act for the Treasurer's Paying Three thousand seven - Ditto.

dred and fifty Ounces of Plate to his Excellency.

Mm ACTS

I

I

ACTS passed by the General Assembly of the Colony of New-York, in , &c. 1712.

r being the Eieverith Year of Her Majestys Reign.

s v - f.

An Act to Encourage the Making

Expires

tojun.i'jtu

1 % ' f

H HR E A S John Wander Heul3 apd John having set

forth, in their Petition prefefiteA- to the General Assembly, That by their Industry and great Charge, they have erede'd in the City of New-York a Mill for grinding Flax-Seed, and making Linseed-Oyl, and have therein prayed, that an Act may

__________ pass in their Favour, that no such Mills may be permitted,

used, or erected in this Colony for a certain Term, but by their Heirs or Assigns; For the Encouragement of others, that may. incline tq Advance or Pro-jed any other Manufacture ki this Colony, Be* if - Epaded by- the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the Publication of this Act, shall or may ered or make use.of a Mill for grinding Linseed or Flax-Seed to make Oyi for publick Sale or Market, for and during the Term of Ten Years from the Publication of this Acts, t)Ut the said John Wander-Had, and John-Rofevdt3 and their Affighs,'to whohi the foie Benefit, Profit, arid Advantage of making, the said Oyl, shall accrue and belong.............it... . . - t

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person or Persons as shall ered or make any Mill to grind Linseed or Flax-Seed for producing the said Oyl, from and after the Publication of this Act, whereby the true Intent and Meaning thereof may be frustrated, shall forfeit and pay the Sturt of Two hundred'Pounds, current Money of this Colony of AS?so-TWk, urito the Taid John Pander tJeul, and John , to1 be by thfem, aft&$eir Assigns, recovered in any Court of Record within the said Colony, by Action of Debt.

..v ■' <- > . v.

Av.V'.-. . ’"At v.-' .

An Act for Paying Eight thousand twenty Expired.

r to his Excellency,; : \

4 ’ *.v. \ -rv ’ a \ '

• VV.'

A ... NX

-Vo.a 1 'A U

\ . \ . s: , a v

ooooie

J4<?

Anno Regni Undecimo Annae Regina*

*177 3.in dB Reviving an Act, Intituled, An Act to prevent the

Selling or Giving of Rum, or other Strong Liquors, to the Indians in the County of Albany; and for Reviving an Act for the better Watching and Guarding the City of Albany.

An. AB for Raying the Arrears due late Raised in

the County of Suffolk, for Canada, in

I ;' the Tear 1709,; : ’

An Act for Paying the British Officers.

Ditto; 'An Act for Paying Fifteen hundred Ounce# of for Secur 1rlftg of the Frontiers about Albany. ,; , !i : i

10 non-/-

I -f L

Ditto. An \ AB for paying the respective Dues and to

’"-CdlleBedi,

noi£A vd tv;:oiOw> :

I?*:.:*

Ditto. An Act for making good the Publick given by an Act

'A\tf AfejAly^ made in the pitft

Reign, for Raijing Eighteen hundred Pounds for the Uses

therein mentioned; and for Discharging the remaining Part of the Money f ill due on the Sum advanced upon the Credit of "\fhe said AB, with the Interest thereof.

An

*" - - •* m ----- - r I -

Anno Regni Undecimo Annas Regina. 141

An Act for Preventing, Suppression, and the

racy and Insurrection of Negroes, and other Slaves.

1E it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same,! That no Person or Persons hereafter, throughout this Colony, do presume to Trade with any Slave, either in Buying or Selling, without Leave and Consent of the Master or Mistress of such Slave, on Penalty of Forfeiting Triple the Value of the thing traded for, and the Sum.of Five Pounds, current Money of New-York, to the Master or Mistress of such Slave, to be recovered of such Person or Persons so Trading contrary to the true Intent of this Act, by Action of Debt in any Court of Record within this Colony, where such. Sum or Sums is Cognizable; and all Contracts and Bargains made with any Slave, contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall be utterly Void.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That hereafter it shall and may be Lawful for any Master or Mistress of such Slaves, to punish their Slaves for their Crimes and Offences at Discretion, not extending to Life or Member. -

And fordfmuch as the Number of Slaves in the Cities of NevbYork and Alba* and also within the several Counties, Towns, and Manors within this Province, doth daily increase, and that they have been found oftentimes guilty of Confederating together, in Running away, or other ill Practices; Be it therefore Enacted by the fame Authority, That it shall not hereafter be Lawful for above Three Slaves to meet together, at any other Time, nor at any other Place, than when it shall happen they meet in some servile Employment for their Matter’s or Mistress’s Profit, by their Matter’s or Mistress’s Consent, upon Penalty of being Whipt upon the naked Back at the Discretion of any Justice of the Peace, not exceeding Forty Lashes; and that it shall and may be Lawful hereafter, for any City or Town, and Manors within this Colony, to have and appoint a Common Whipper for their Slaves; and for his Salary it shall and may be-Lawful-for any City or Town within this Colony, at their Common-Council or Town-Meeting, to agree upon such Sum to hie paid him by the Master or Mistress of Slaves per Head, as they shall think fit, ( not exceeding Three Shillings per Head ) for all such Slaves as shall be Whipt, as aforesaid j and in case any Slave mall presume to Assault or Strike any Freeman or Woman pro- fefling Christianity, it shall be in the Power of any Two Justices of the Peace, who by this Act are hereunto Authorized, to inflid such Corporal Punishment ( not extending to Life or Limb ) upon him, her, or them, so Offending, as to the said Justices shall seem meet and reasonable.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever do hereafter Employ, Harbour, Conceal, or Entertain other Man’s Slaves at their House, Out-house, or Plantation, without the Consent of their Master or Mistress, either signified to them'verbally, or by Certificate in Writing under the said Matter’s or Mistress’s Hand, upon Forfeiture of Five Pounds for every Night or Day they are so Entertained and Concealed, to the said Master or Mistress of such Slave or Slaves, so that the Penalty for Entertaining such Slave do not exceed the Value of the said Slave; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall be found guilty of Harbouring, Entertaining, or Concealing of any Slave, or Assisting to the Conveying them away, if such Slave shall happen to be loft, dead, or otherwise destroyed, such Person or Persons so Harbouring, Entertaining, Concealing, Assisting, or Conveying of them away, shall be also liable to pay the Value of such Slave to the Matter or Mi-tlrefs, to be recovered by Action of Debt in manner aforesaid.

N n And

ie

Arnio Regrn TJndecnno Ann#

142

And whereas it often happens, that through the Lenity of the said Master, or Person under whose Care the said Negroes, or other Slaves are, the Persons so Entertaining -^nd Dealing, With.them,ar^fotgivfcn,r and not brought to Condon Punishment, ao the very great Hurt, not only of the said Mailers', i>ut of other Her Majesty's Liege People owning Negtoes, and other Slaves; Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Master or Mistress, or Person, under whose Care any Negro-or other Slave is, that shall forgive, niake'U|£ compound, oompromise, or receive any other or less Consideration than this Act prescribed, .fliaJU forfeit Double the Sum the said Person or Petfefts Entertaining ought to have forfeited j to be recovered by Addon of Debt, Bill; Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record within this Colony, wherein there shall be no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance allowed > one Half thereof to the Person that shall Sue for the fame; the other Half to Her Majesty, Her Heirs; and Successors, towards Defraying the Publick. Charge of the City, Town, County,. Borough,: Manor, or Pre* cindt, in which the Maften, Mistress, or Owner , of such Slave jdoth dwell or inhabit; to be recovered by Action of Debt in any Court of Record, as afoce^ said. - A A ■•L-.V- A. A A

Be it also Enacted by the Authority, aforesaid, That if any Person.Or Persons knowing of such Entertainer of any Slave or Slaves^ and does>npt discover th.0 fame to the Master, Mistress, or Person under whose Care the said Slave-jOr Slaves are, or to some One Justice of the Peace, or .being suspectedto know, does, upon Complaint, not aifeover the, fame, or upon Tender of an Oath Jay any Justice of the Peace, before whom such Complaint .shall come, who ishera-by Authorized to Administer the fame, shall refrife to take such. Oath, and purge himself, the said Person, so neglecting or refilling to discover or take the said Oath, shall forfeit the Sum of Two Pounds, to be immediately after Con1 vidlion Levied upon his Goods and Chattels, to the Use of the j Person or Pest fons who shall Inform or Complain j and in case there be no Goods and Chattels, then upon the Body of the Person Offending, who . Hull be committed to Goal till he pay and satisfie the said Sum of Forty Shillings, and Charges accrue ing thereon j and if it afterwards appears that any Person or Persons, who-by this Act are obliged to purge themselves by their Oath, have Sworn fallly, such Person so Offending shall incur the like. Pains and Penalties as those who are guilty of Wilful Perjury, and be prosecuted accordingly*. -

And whereas there are many Negroes, , or Mulattoes, who have been formerly manumitted and made free within this Colony by their Mailers ot Owners; and it is found by Experience, that they Entertain, Harbour, Support, and Encourage Negro, Indian, and Mulatto Slaves, to the great Detriment of the Mailers of such Slaves, and of other Her Majesty's Liege Subjects within the said Colony; Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negro, Indian, or Mulatto, made or born Free, or to be made Free hereafter, shall knowingly and wittingly Entertain any Slave or Slaves, absenting himself or themselves from his, her, or their Mailer’s car Mistress’s Service, without Leave first given and signified, as aforesaid, or without the Master or Person under whole Care the said Slave is, be present, the said Negro, , or Mulatto, lb Offending, shall be forthwith apprehended, and forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Nighc or Day they are so Entertained, to the Master or Mistress of such Slave or Slaves; to be recovered by. Action of Debt, as aforesaid. -

Be it further Enacted, That no Negro, , or Mulatto, that shall hereafter be made Free, shall enjoy, hold, or poflels any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within this Colony, but the same shall efeheat to Her Majesty, Her Heirs, and Successors.

•*• ' A ' A -. A . . - And

I

ainno Regrit Undechrio.Annas Regina. 143

And whereas it is found by Experience, that the free Negroes of this Colony are an Idle, Slothful People, and prove Very often x Charge on the Place where they are ;Be it therefore further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

'That any Master or Mistress manumitting and setting .at Liberty any Negro,

Indian, or Mulatto Slave, shall enter into sufficieiit Security unto Her Majesty,

Her Heirs, and Successfors, with Two Sureties, not less thaa the Sum of Two hundred Pounds^ to pay yearly and every Year to such Negro, of Mu-

latto Slave, during their Lives, the Sum of Twenty Pounds,; lawful Money of this Colony; and if such Negro, Indiany or Mulatto. Slave, shall be' made Free by the Will or Testament of any Person deceased, that then the' Executors of such Person shall enter into Security, as above^ . immediately upon Proving the said Will or Testament; which if refused to be given, the said Manumiifion to be Void, and of none Effect. . i

Be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every .Negro, Indiany or other Slave, who, after the Publication of this Act, &all Murder, or other\tfife Kill ( unless by Misadventure, or in Execution of Justice') iorCon-ipirpi or Attempt the Death of any of Her Majesty's Liege People, hot seeing •Slaye? ffa.aH Commit or Attempt any Rape on any of the said Subjects, or shall willingly Burn any Dwelling-house, Barn, Stable, Out-house, Stacks of Corn’ Flay, or stall wilfully, Mutilate, Maim, or Difmemberanyrxjf the jkud.Subjects, not being:Slaves, as aforesaid, or shall wilfully Murder any Negro, fyutittHy, or Mulatto Slave, within this Colony, and shall thereof be' Convicted before Three or more of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace ( One whereof to be of;tlje Quorum) who are hereby Authorized to hear and determine the iapae, |m Conjunction; with Five of the principal Freeholders of the County wherein such Fa$ shall be committed, without a Grand Jury, Seven of whom, agreeing Hull piit foeir Judgment in Execution, according to this Act, or before aoyjCouri of Oyer & Heminer.,.or general Goal Delivery, he, she, or they so

Offending, shall suffer the Pains of Death, in such Manner, and with, such Cu> eumstances, as the Aggravation or Enormity of their Crimes, in the Judgment of the Justices i)f those Courts aforesaid, or as in the Judgment of Seven of the said Justices and (Freeholders, they shall merit and require,

Be; it hereby, fur ther Enacted,; That upon Complaint made to any One Justice of the Peace against ahy Negro, Indian, or Mulatto Slave or Slaves, who have, or ate supposed tohave committed any of the Murders, Rapes, Maims, Infur* regions, Conspiracies, mentioned in this Act, the said Justice is immediately to JLftue out his Warrant to the neixt Constable to apprehend the said Offender or Offenders, and for alEot any Person or Persons to come before him that can give Evidence; and if upon Examination it appears that the Person or Persons apprehended are Guilty, he shall.commit him, her, or them, to Prilba, and also shall oertiiie to'the Two next Justices of the Peace the Hud Cause, and to require them, by Virtue of this Act, to associate themselves to him, which the said Justices are hereby required to do; and they, so aftodated, are to Issue their Summons to Five Free-holders, acquainting them with the Cause, and appointing them, the Time and Place the same shall be heard and determined; and at which Time and Place the Justices are hereby Impowered to appoint some Person to Prosecute the said Offender or Offenders; and the Person so appointed, shall prefer an Accusation in Writing, specifying the Time, Place, and Nature of the Offence, as near as conveniently may be; to which Accusation the Offender or Offenders shall be obliged to Plead; and upon Refusal to Plead, the like Judgment shall be given against the Person or Persons so accu-fed, as if Convict by Verdict or Confdfion; and upon Pleading thereunto, the Justices shall proceed to Tryal, in Conjunction with the said Free-holders, so -Summoned, as aforesaid; to which Free-holders no peremptory Challenge shall be allowed : And if upon, hearing the Matter ( the said Free-holders, being first Sworn by the said Justices to judge according to Evidence ) they shall adjudge

1

144

Amo Regm Undecimo Aiitiae Regina*

the Negro, Indian, or Mulatto Slave or Slaves, guilty of the Offence complain’d of, they shall give Sentence of Death upon him, her, or them, as aforesaid, and by their Warrant cause immediate Execution to be done by the Common, or any other Executioner, in such manner as they shall think fit.

Provided always, and it is hereby further Enacted, That if any Master or Mistress of any Negro, Indian, or Mulatto Slave, be inclined to have his or her Slave or Slaves tryed by a Jury of Twelve Men, it shall be granted, such Master or Mistress paying the Charge of the fame, not exceeding the Sum of Nine Shillings to the Jury, then, and in such Case, there shall a Precept be Issued by the Justices to the next Constable to Summon a Jury of Twelve Men, who shall be Sworn to try according to Evidence ,• and the Justices shall proceed to Tryalby the said jury Summoned and Sworn, as aforesaid ( without a Grand Jury) to which Jurors no peremptory Challenge shall be allowed.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be Lawful for any Negro, Indian, or Mulatto Slave, to have or use any Gun or PiftoU but in nis Matter’s or Mistress’s Presence, or by their Direction, on Penalty of being Whipt for the fame at the Discretion of the Justice of the Peace before whom such Complaint shall come, not exceeding Twenty Lashes On the bare Back for every such Offence. r:'-;

And be it further Enacted, That every Justice of the Peace, Constable,1 ot other Officer, neglecting, delaying, or refilling to perform their several Duties enjoyned by this Act, -shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two Pounds to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, to be Recovered by Action of Debt many Court of Record within this Colony j and every Free-holder Summoned, as aforesaid, and refilling to serve, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be Levied by the Constable by Warrant of Distress from the Justices of the Peace assembled to try the said Slave, who are hereby required^ immediately upon such Refusal, to Issue their Warrant for Levying the fame accordingly.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charge of Prosecuting and Executing Negroes and Slaves in manner before expressed, shall be paid and defrayed by the City or County where such Negroes or Slaves shall be Convicted and Executed, and be Laid, Assessed, and Levied in the same manner as the publick and necessary Charge of such City or County are, or used to be Raised, and to be Distributed by the Order and Direction of those hereby Impowered to hear and determine the Crimes of such Negroes and Slaves Offending, as aforesaid, so as the said Charge shall not exceed the Sum of Three Pounds, current Money of this Colony, for each Conviction and Execution.

And be it also Enacted by the fame Authority, That in the City and County of New-York, the Justices of the Peace do take effectual Care, in case such

Conviction and Execution happen within their Jurisdiction, that such Charge, as abovesaid, shall be Raised and Levied by the Sworn Assessors of the said City, and collected by the Collectors, and paid to the Treasurer of the City, who is required to pay the same by Order and Direction, as abovesaid ,• and every Person or Persons refilling, neglecting, or delaying to perform the Duty hereby required, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, current Money aforesaid, to be Recovered in manner as in this Act is before expressed.

An

i

T45

Anno Regni Undecimo Annas Regina*

tary Watches with Fire-wood.

7m<Z

mtmi3iefppai9

Jin AB to Enable Mary Bratt, the Widow of Johannes Bratt, Has had it*

An Act to Enable William Anderfdn to Sell a Lot of Ground in Ditto.

Queen-street, the Estate of the William in Right of Deborah his Wife, deceased, for the Payment of Debts -traBed by his said Wife before their

An Act that certain Monies Levied on the Inhabitants of Kings- Ditta County, remaining in the Hands of the Collectory be paid to the Treasurer of that County.

An Act for EleBing or Appointing Four AJfeJfors in the City E*f*/din and County of Albany. 1713

An Act to appoint Commtjf oners to Examine and State the feve- Ditto. rail Claims alledged as Debts of the

* r r"

An

1

Jmo Regm C Anna? Regina.

Expiryi» for B^vming an ^i Intituled, An Act for the •better

f7f3* .; Settling thpvMilitia of this Province, and making it more

Useful for Security and Defence , thereof - and for Repeal-tag all former Affs heretofore in this Prov'mce relating to tbg fame* '

'A

- \i* Vi>/.

• 4 ' * 4

J

ACTS

*47

A \

A

r u *. \ j i. i -

ACTS passed by the General Assembly of v the Colony of Nerv-York, in June, &c. 1713. being the Twelfth Year of Her Majesty s Reigq.

/ . n •/* - I

J&far Repealm, g part of aClause in an An Act for the triore dfectual Preservation of Deer, and other ' Oame^ and the Destruction of Wolves, Wild Cats, and other

;. Vwri&u

£ it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That that part of a Clause relating to the Reward for Destroying or Killing Squirrels, Crows, and their Ypuqg ones, and Blackbirds, and their Young ones, mentioned and ejcpreflfed in an Act for the more effectual Preservation of t .Deer, and other Game? and the Definition of Wolves, Wild Cats, and other Vermirtj made in the Seventh Year of Her Majesty's Reign, be and is hereby Repealed, made Null and Void, to all Intents and Purpose? whatsoever, fropi and after the Publication of this Act.

An Act to Jwpomer Frederick; Phillipfe, a Minor, to Remove Kings-Bridge to q more commodious Place, and for Confirming the TqU thereof*

WHereas Frederick Phillipfe, late of the City of PJew-York^ Esq; deceased, was, in his Life-time, by several Grants and Patents, and Mefn-Conveyancesi and Alfuranees in the Law, seized and possessed of divers Tracis and Parcels of Land in the County of which by an-

other Grant or Patent under the Broad Seal of this Province, bearing Date the Twelfth Day of June, in the Year of our Lord Christ, One thousand six hundred ninety three, were Incorporated into a Lordship or Manor, by thp Name and 'fide of the Manor of Phillipsbu, within the Bounds and Limit? therein mentioned, with Power, Authority, and Privilege, to Erect and build a Draw-Bridge upon the Ferry, then commonly passed Spiten-Divel , and thenceforward to be called Kings-Bridge, ana to receive the Rates ana TpHs riientioned in the said Grant: And whereas there have beep considerable Inv provements made in the said Manor, and that the said bridge has been found

148

Anno Regni Duodecimo Annae Regina.

of great Utility and Convenience to Travellers; Be it Enabled by the Governor, the Council, and the Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Grant, and every Clause and Article thereof, shall be and hereby is Ratified and Confirmed unto the Heirs of the said Frederick Phillipfe, to be held by them in such manner as the fame is Devised by his Last Will and Testament, bearing Date the Twenty sixth Day of O, in the Year of our Lord Christ, One thousand seven hundred, in such full and ample manner, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as if the said Grant and the said Will we$e herein at. large recited. . ' -• . . . 7 •' , i

And whereas by means oFSpring^Tides, not only the Qrofey, leading through a Meadow 1 from Manhattan*, et York-Island, to the Bridge erected

in pursuance of the said Grant, but likewise the Bridge'it fe|f is, often difficult and unfit for Travellers to pass, notwithstanding the Labour and Cost employed to make the fame Commodious; Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Lawful for Frederick a Minor, (unto

whom, among other things, the said Bridge, with all-the Tolls,'Rights, and Privileges thereunto belonging, by the said Last Will andrTestament.is Deviled ) and to his Heirs or Guardian, to Erect arid Build another 'gbbd and sufficient Draw-Bridge between the Neele,or Island of Fapparinnen/OyV^York Island, at such Place or Places to the "\Veftward of the present- Bridge, as to him or them Audi be thought most proper and convenient, and to jpyn and affix the same to or in any Land on York-Island, and to dig away or level any Part or Parts thereof^ both to secure the Bridge, and to make the Path or Entry thereto commodious and convenient for Travellers.- And when another Bridge shall be so Built ( which is to retain the Name ) it shall and

may be Lawful for him and them to pull down the Bridge heretofore Built* as aforesaid. . j

And to the end the Power and Authority given by the said Grant for receiving the Rates and Tolls therein mentioned, and hereby Ratified, may the better be enforced; Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid,-That the several Rates and Tolls for passing and repassing , mentioned in thq

said Grant, shall be paid unto the said Frederick , and to his Heirs, or to such Person or Persons as he or they shall depute, or to such as shall, from time to time. Rent or Farm the fame; and that a Table thereof shall be hung or fixed up in the Ferry or Toll-house; which several Tolls being reduced from the Rate at which Money was Current at the time of Palling the said Grant, are hereby ascertained in Troy Weight, and are accordingly to be paid and received in good . Mexico or Servile Plate, after the Rates here undermentioned> That is to say, For every Man and Horse that shall pass the said Bridge in the Day-time, Fifteen Grains $ For each Head of Neat Cattle that shall pass the lame. Fifteen Grains j For each Score of Hogs, Calves, or Sheeps that shall pass the fame, Two peny Weight and a half, and so proportionably for a greater or lelfer Number; For every Boat, Vessel, or Canoe, that shall pass the-Bridge1, andcause the same to be drawn up, One peny Weight and Twenty one^Grains j For each Coach, Cart, Waggon, or Sledge, that shall pass the fame. One peny Weight and Twenty one Grains : And after Sunset, For every Passenger that shall pass the said Bridge, Ten Grains j For each Man and Horse, One peny Weight and Six Grains; For each Head of Neat Cattle, One peny Weight and Six Grains j For each Score of Hogs, Calves, or Sheep, Five peny Weight; For each Boat, Vessel, or Canoe, Three peny Weight and Eighteen Grains; For each Coach, Cart, Waggon, or Sledge, Three peny Weight and Eighteen Grains.

And forasmuch as some evil disposed Persons have sometimes refused to pay the said Toll, and others gone or rid away without paying the lame, notwithstanding it is so moderate and reasonable > Be it EnaGed by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall hereafter go from the Ferry of

Toll-

Atmq Regni Duodecimo Arina: Regina.

149

Toil-house before he, file, or they pay or satisfie the Toll due by Virtue hereof, such Person or Persons so endeavouring to defraud the said Payment, shall pay Treble the Toll to which he, she, or they were liable, and £>oill)le Damages and Charges in obtaining the fame, to be Recovered upon the Oath v 1 of One Person before any Justice of the Peace within this Colony,' Who is hereby Impowered and Required to give Judgment accordingly, and to commit the Offender, until he, she, or they pay or satisfie the lame.

Provided nevertheless, That (in pursuance of a Reservation in the Grant before mentioned ) Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, shall have free Egtels and Regrels of all Her and their forces,Hgrfe' and Foot, 'Coaches, Wag-gons. Stores of War, Ammunition, and Expresses, that shall, ‘from time to time, pass the said Bridge for Her or their Service; any thing contained in this Act to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And to prevent Disputes about Repairing High-ways, so far as it relates to Kings-Brtdge, Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bridge, from the time it shall be lb Built, as aforesaid, shall be kept and maintained in good Repair by the Owners thereof; and likewise, that1 half of the 0,ufey between the main Land and the Taid Neck, or Wand' of Papparinnemo, which adjoyns next unto the said Neck, in like mariner as has been heretofore used and Practised; and that he, or his Heirs, shall not be obliged to repair or maintain any more of the High-ways at his or their, proper Colt and Charge.

An Act Reviving and Continuing an Act, Intituled, An Act for Expired* the better Settling the Militia of this Province, $nd making 1?I. it triojre Ufefiil for the ^Sqcurity ian^ D^ence thereof; jwr/ for Repealing all former, A.Ssberet afore made, in this. Pro*

' - ' r r

An Act for a Supply to be Granted to Her Majesty for - DItt0*

ingtbe Government*

An Act to take,away Doubts and Scruples relating the Let* Ditto.

ting of the

• ’ . r . A - • . ' V.

An Act for Continuing an Act, Intituled, An Act for Laying Ditto, an Excise on all Strong Liquors Retailed in this Colony/

• ' ' . j ‘;

• ' : Pp ' -.

tfO

Anno Regni Duodecimo Annae Regina.

‘ , 4 ‘ . I f f - \ .

Expired in jn Act for Dutchefc^ouiity to a Supervifir,

,7,3‘ AJfefors, and Golle&ors.

' * - . I t. . I l I . - I. . 1 . ' ' .1 I l '

Expired. An Act for the Treasurer’s Paying Sums of Money to the

federal Personshereafter named. ’

Expires in An Act for Mending and Keeping in Repair the

17 °* ;. New-Yorkio Kings-feridge.

; .1

Hereas the High-ways and Post-R©id through Manhattanr-Istand, lead- ing from the City of New-York to , and other the High-

ways within the said City and County, are become very ruinous and almost impassable, very dangerous to all Persons that pass those Ways,:occa-i fioned chiefly by reason of divers Disputes happening and arising among the Inhabitants of the said City and County touching the Repairing and Amending the'fdmAi' for the Bnding^ofwhkhvPi%ut^' and to the fotentthe ftrtte may

ening ant

Roads, Inhabitants Ward at in

ifpeft of the great le Paving, Cleansing, and

rpd Amepdad by. the iy f . C except the' Out-' :pence the said several Wards are several Streets, Lanes, and Allies within the same; and that all that Part o? the said ftigh-ways and Roads, from the said Frejh-Water to the Saw-Kill, shall be Repaired, Amended, and, from time tQ time, hereafter, kept iivgood Repaic-foy the Inhabitants of rh^JBowery Kvifioii of the said^City; living Within me' 'fame Lmiifi\?.‘^Wit-Pa# ‘Of«(• said High-ways and Roads from the said , ttigfthtift with t

Bridge, to the Limits of Harlem-Patent, shall be, from time to time, Wade, Repaired* and Amended by the several Wards within foe said CHy^ifytt is say, by an equal Number of Workmen of the Five Wards on the South-fide or the Frejh-Water, and an equal Number of Workmen of the Out-Ward of the Bowery and Harlem Division; v and all tf\e^ remaining Part of the fpLd Highway^ and Roads, of the said fflahd Manhatidn'i' frorii. the4 Limits

Patent to the causey of Kingt-Bridge, shall be, fromUat* tofot^ hereafter Cleared, Repaired, and Amended, by the Inhabitants of Harlem Division, as hath been formerly done; and that the said Pofo Road and High-way shall be laid out the Breadth of Four Rod, and cleared the Breadth of Two Rod at least. ' - ' ' v '

And for the better Clearing, Maintaining, and Repairing all and every the Comrtlori High-ways, causey5, and Bridget* Within the City and County afbfo-. laid, Be it further Enacted by ther Authority feforesaid, That the Mayor,’Aldermen,' and Justices of foe Peace of that fafd City and (bounty, at their General Quarter-Sessions held for the said City and County in the Month of February next after the Pafling this Act, shall and may then, and so, from time to time,

i in

Anno Regni Duodecimo Annae Regina.

*51

in every Year, Nominate and Appoint Three, sufficient and, able Persons inhabiting within the City and County.' aforesaid, to be the [Surveyors of thi several High-ways, Bridges, and causeys aforesaid, for the Year from-thence next ensuing;. and that the said Justices. shall canfe Notice to be given tri the said Surveyors, so chosen, in Writings of their said. Choice t and ini case 6f DOath or Refusal, any Two . or more of the said Justices of the Peabevfor. the said City and County (whereof One to bet. of the Quotum ); under -their Hands and Seals, to appoint, from time to time,othersin their Platiesd fwhich saidiSurveyors, and every of them, having no lawful Impediment^ itobe allowed by belaid Justices by whpm they shall’be: chosen, in manner aforesaid,; or tiny Two of them ( whereof One to be of the Quorum ).Vvithin ThiCe Weeks next after such Notice to him or them given, ihaQ and ate hereby, Required so VieW and Survey the said several, High-ways,. Bridges, and causeysAVithin- the-City, and County aforesaid, and consider the Defect 'thereof, and thebeft Method and Means that can be used, for the Clearings Levelling, Repairing, dnid Making good die fame, and make their Certificates thereof in Writing, under theft Hands, or the Hands of any Two of them, to the Justices of: die Peace df tHF bid City and County, at their next General Quarter-Sessionk held for the-laid City and Comity, or sooner, as the Case may require, at a Special Sessions so be held for that Purpose, by Three of the said Justices oftlic ;Peace (where- of One tq be of the QjtPupY which said Justices are hereby Authorized and Imppwered to hojd accordingly* who thereupon fttall and niay make such Order and Orders in and about the fame, as to them shall seem good which said Order or Orders so to.be made,.' shall be by the said Surveyors, land all ©{her I*ersons concerned in putting this A# ih Bxecudon, -duly observed fod peru fopmed: And the said .Surveyors; ate hereby Impowered a^ Authoraesd tO gammon, -and. give Notice: to such and’ so many , of the inhabitants of Wards aforesaid, jis they the said Surveyors shall think ii, iat such Thne, PiacM, and Seasons, ( as they the said justices of the Peace, in manner aforesaid, shall. order and appoint) and for so long time as the said Surveyors shall appoint, to meet and convene with Carts and Carriages, Shovels, Spades, Pick-ajjes, Mattock^ and other Tools arid Xnftrumenfs, ax-by the Mid- Surveyors'shall be thought, nfeceflary-for the said Work, for the Amending:! Clearing,' Repairing, dnT Miking good the several High-ways, Roads, Bridges, and causeys, within the foeralvPiftritts, and .Limits h«'eiif1lbe^)re set an^raflland fe\fejy fa&i

Pe*rfori or Persons'Summoned, or having Notice, as aforesaid,'eitfref themselves, a or a sufficient Working-Hand for them, shall meet, within their- several Limits aforesaid, at the said Time and Place so appointed, and obey and perform such Order and’Difo&iofis's the said Surveydrs ( by Order of the said JustiCdff foe Peace, in manner, aforesaid ) shall direct: and appoint; and m case any Pfrlbb Summoned .shall not, fry ;diemfelyes, or another liifficient Person In his Prod; appear, a*) aforesaid,; every such Defoulter shall forfeit Six Shillings, current Money of* fois Province, for each Day’s Absenc^ ico be Xevfed by Warfant ftom any , One of theJHifticgs-of the Peate aforesaid; who id hereby Authorized to; grant sech Warrant, dice&ed: to the Constable of frith Ward br District where-fetch Default is made,' by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods an<l Ghetto tels at a Publick Outcry, and after Payment of .rheiaid Distress and Charges/ foe Overplus. (if any ) to be re turned.to. the Owner; and every TeamWfrft Cart or Waggon, and a Man to manage the fame, which the laid Surveyor^ shall hays occasion to use, ’shall.be eftrieiried in pliicedf Three Days La’bohfof One Workman* upon Pain of every Day making Default! Eighteen Shilling^ like Money, to be Levied on the Goods and Chattels of rhe^ O wher thereof in Manner and Form; aforesaid ;! which' laid- Forfeitures! shall'be paid so thd Surveyors, to be by them disposed pfin Repairing of the iligh*\Viys7 'afore*1 said.

7

Provided

*5*

Anno Regni Duodecimo Ann

Provided never the iefs, That the Surveyors aforesaid shall employ the respective Inhabitants within the several Wards and Districts aforesaid, justly and equally every Year, and that no Person be compellable to work above Eight Days in die Year; nor at any time in Seed-time, Hay, or Corn-Harvest.

! And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That every Surveyor ( who shall be fb chosen and appointed in manner aforesaid) who shall refiife or neglect to do and perform the Duties and Services required by him or them in and by this Act, shall forfeit Five Pounds, current Money aforesaid, to be Recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record held within the City and County aforesaid* with Costs ,• One Third of which Forfeiture shall go to the Informer, who shall Prosecute the same to Effect, and the other Two Thirds to be employed by the Direction of any Two of the Justices of the Peace aforesaid ( whereof One to be of the Quorum ) in the Repairing and Making good the High-ways aforesaid.' -

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Cafe any Difference or Dispute shall arise between any of the Inhabitants of the respective Wards and Districts aforesaid, or any of them, or between them and the said Surveyors, so to be chosen, as aforesaid,: of or concerning the Repairing and Amending the High-ways aforesaid, the same shall be fetded and determined by any Three of the Justices of the Peace aforesaid ( whereof One to be of the Quorum ) or by the Justices at their next General Quarter-Sessions, whose Or-’ der and Determination therein, made in Writing under their rtands, shall be? Conclusive to all Parties.

And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Justice of the Peacd within the said City and County, that shall Hot put the several Fines and Forfeitures imposed by this Ad in Execution, shall forfeit severally the Sum of Five Pounds, current Money oi New-Xorh^ to be Levied, Paid, and Applied, in such Manner, and Form, as the other Fines and Forfeitures in this Act are directed. '

, # .... t ! '

Confirmed An Act for Laying an Excise on iaj

ifjun.i7u. this Colony, \

t , ’r . . . . ( ' ’ 1 -

BE it Enacted by the . Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be given and granted unta Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, from the First Day of November,-which shall be in the Year of our Lord, Orle thousand seven hundred and four-' teen, , until the First Day of .November>which shall be in the Year C>f out Lord^ One thousand seven hundred and thirty four, for the Uses herein after mentioned,' an iExcise upon all Strong Liquors Retailed throughout this Colony,- Under the* Quantity of Five Gallons ( Beer and Cyder only excepted ) to wit, the Eighth^ Part of an Ounce of Senile Pillars, or Mexico Plate, for, each Gallon so Retail’d,1 and likewise Three Quarters of an Ounce of the said Plate for every Barrel of beer and Cyder. ’

; .And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of New-York, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the City and County of Albany, and the Justices of the Peace of the other Counties within this Colony, to which they belong, 6r the major part of them,' for the time being, are hereby Required^ Authorized,’ and Impowered, to let to Farm the said Excise in their respective Cities and Counties, by Publick Outcry, Auction, or Vendue, yearly and every Year, on the First in 0<T/o-

; ’ bert

153

Anno Regni Duodecimo Ann*

ber, or some other Day within that Week, in which the said First Tuesday shall happen, to the Highest: Bidder, or to the several Retailers of Aich Liquors in each reipe(Stive City, Town, Borough, Manor, and Precinct$ as the said Mayors, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace respectively in their Discretions shall think fir, for the better Advancement of the Duty and Excise hereby to be Granted and Levied, Publick Notice being first given of the Time such Farming is appointed to be made, by affixing Advertisements thereof ifi the most Publick Places in each respe<Stive City, Town, Manor, and Precinct, Ten Days, at least* before such Action or Vendue is made. And the said Mayors, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace, as aforesaid, are hereby required to take good Securities by Recognizances, with sufficient Sureties, of all and every Person or Persons that shall Farm the Excise, as aforesaid, with Condition that they pay the films Quarterly by equal and even Payments into the Hands of the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, who is hereby appointed to receive the same j And also after Two Months after the fame Excise, or any part thereof shall be Lett to Farm, or agreed for, to transmit to the Treasurer a true Account of the fame respectively, with the Recognizances for the due Payment thereof, according to the intent of this Act.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any or either of the said Mayors, Aldermen, or Justices of the Peace, as aforesaid, shall Neglect, Deny, or Refufe to Lett to Farm the aforesaid Excise in manner aforesaid, or to put this Act in Execution so far as they are Required and Impowered, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof. That then he or they lb Offending, shall each of them respectively, forfeit unto Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Fifty Pounds Current Money of New-Torh^ to be Recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts within this Colony by any Person or Persons who will and shall Inform and Sue for the fame, by Action of Debt or Information, the one half of which Forfeitures to be to Her Majesty, Her. Heirs and Successors, to be paid in to the Treasurer, and applied towards the Support of the Government, and the other half to the Informer.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where there shall be no Farmer of the Excise, in manner before expressed, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace of the several Cities and Counties respectively, shall and may either Agree with the Retailers, whom they respectively shall Lieenfe, at the least for the Highest of such Sum or Sums by the Year, as such Retailers at any time formerly had or have paid, to be paid in to the Treasurer Quarterly, as aforesaid, or otherwise make such Retailer or Retailers enter into Recognizance with sufficient Sureties for the true and due Payment of the Excise herein before appointed to be paid and granted, according to the true meaning hereof. '

And for the dhe and orderly Collecting the Excise hereby given and granted. Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Retailers of Strong Liquors within this. Colony, shall, upon all their Receipts of all such iLiquors before expressed', and Exciseable, come to the Farmer of the Excise ■('if any be ) or to the Mayor, Aldermen, or Justices of the Peace respectively, und on Default thereof,all such Liquors as shall be found in any Retailers House* or Warehouse, Cellar, or other Place belonging unto him, her, or them, withiq this Colony, and have not been duly entred, and paid the Duties of Excise, as aforesaid, Then and in such case, upon Conviction by Oath by One or mlorq Credible Witnesses before any Justices of the Peace withing this Colony, the said Retailer or Retailers, so Offending in the Premisses, shall forfeit all such Liquors, and Three times the Value thereof j the one Moiety to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, to be paid to the Treasurer of this Colony for the ’tftne being, for and to be employed towards the Support of this Government, and the other Half to the Person that will Sue for the fame before any Justice of the Peace in this Colony, who is, and every of them, are hereby Required

Q. q and

4 Anno Regm Duodecimo*Annx Regina.

and Impowered summarily, and at his Discretion, solely to hear and determine the fame, and to Issue his Warrants for Seizing all such Liquors to be Forfeited, as aforesaid; and for Committing to the Common Goal all such Retailers of Liquors, who have not Entred and Paid the Duties aforesaid, and shall be so Convicted thereof, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until they shall satisfie and make Payment of Three times the Value of such Liquors Seized and Forfeited, as aforesaid; as also for the Arresting and causing to be brought before him any Person or Persons Informed against for Retailing without Licence : Provided he, she, or they have Liberty to appeal to the i;ext Sessions of the Peace, giving sufficient Security to answer the same.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons within this Colony, not duly Licensea, shall, either by Land or by Wa-' ter, at any time presume to fell by Retail any Strong Liquors, that is to say, any Quantity under Five Gallons, as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so Offend* ing, shall pay the Sum of Five Pounds, current Money aforesaid, for every such Offence, being thereof Convicted, in manner aforesaid, to be Applied and Paid, as aforesaid.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Retailer of Strong Liquors within this Colony, shall fell any Strong Liquors to any Negro or Indian Slave, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings for every such Offence, to be Recovered before any One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, by him or her that shall Sue for the fame, and to be applied, as aforesaid.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons enabled to Sue, for any Penalty by Virtue of this Adfc, shall Compound, Remit, or make any Abatement, of or for any of the Penalties herein mentioiv ed, but that the fame may be Prosecuted to Effect, and Paid, and Applied as herein before expressedL

And be it also Enacted by Authority aforesaid, That Lyon Dollars, and Half Dollars, shall be received, and be of equal Value to Thirteen peny Weight and Eighteen Grains of Senile, Pillar, or Mexico Plate, as aforesaid, for each Dollar, for the Duty hereby intended to be Raised.

And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor and Aldermen of the Borough-Town of Wejichester are hereby Impowered and Required to let to Farm the Excise of the said Borough-Town, in the same Manner, and under the fame Regulations, as the Mayor and Aldermen of the Cky of Nezv-York, or the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of , are by this Act Impowered, Directed, and Required to do.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and singular the Monies arising by Virtue of this Act, during foe whole time aforesaid, shall be applied to and for the Paying and Discharging the Publick Debts of this Colony, such and in such manner as shall be aire&ed and ascertained in an Act of General Assembly for that purpose hereafter to be made ,* and if it shall fb happen, that the said Excise shall amount* to more than will Pay and Discharge the Publick Debts of this Colony aforesaid, that then, and in such case, the Sum that remains over and above in the Hand of the Treasurer aforesaid, after such Publick Debts shall be fully Paid and Discharged, shall be applied to the Use of this Colony, in such Manner, and to such Purposes, as the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, for the time being, shall direct, ftnd not otherwise.

An

Anno Regnt DuodecimoAtmx Regina. *15 5

An Act for the further Laying ouRegulatings and better Expires w

Clearing Publick High-ways throughout this Colony. 17'°‘

FO R the better attaining the End designed by an Act, Intituled, An Act for the Laying out, Regulatings Gearings and Preferring Publick

High-wayss throughout this Colony, made in the Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty 5 Be it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That the Persons herein after Named, mall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners, and Impowered, Authorized, and Required to put the Services intended by the said Act in Execution throughout the respective Counties and Precincts for which they shall be Named, that is to say,

For the County of Suffolk) Captain Benjamin Young, Mr. John Cooper, and Captain Joseph Wickham.

For Queens-Comly, Mr. Thomas Stephenson, Colonel John , and Mr. James Clemmens.

For Kings-County, Mr. Benjamin •van de Mr. Joofl van and

Mr. Ryke Hendrick, senior.

For the County of lVeflchester, Adolph Phillips Esq; Caleb Heathcote Eiq;

Mr. Joseph Drake, Mr. John Stephenson, and Mr. John For the County of Ulster, Captain Egbert , Mr. Adrian

and Mr. Joseph Haesbroek.

For Dutches-County, Mr. Barent van Gecke, Mr. Jacob Vos burgh, and Mr. Jo-

hannes Bufch.

For the City and County of Albany, Colonel Kiliam van Renjlaer, Captain Peter van Brugh, Major Myndert Schuyler, Captain John Bronck, and Captain Johannes Sanderfe Glen.

For the County of Orange, Mr. Peter Har[ngh, Mr. Albert hlinnen, and Mr. Isaac Blauveh.

And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or the major part of them respectively, for the respective Cities, Counties, and Precincts, for which they are nominated Commissioners, are hereby Impowered and Authorized to take a Review of the Roads already kid out j and if they find any Inconveniendes in the said Roads, they, or any Two of them, have Power to alter the fame, and lay out the High-ways or Publick Roads, as they shall think most convenient for Travellers, as well as the several Towns, Villages, or Neighbourhoods next adjacent.

' Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to Impower the Commissioners aforesaid, to alter any Road that is already Commodious, lb as to_ lay ir out through any improved or inclosed Lands, without the Consent of the Owners thereof; and if any Dispute shall arise by that Means, the lame shall be determined by any Two Justices of the Peace, and Six of the Principal Free-hdders of the Neighbourhood, not having any Interest in the Lana about which such. Dispute may arise.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thar if any Person or Persons within this Colony have, do, or shall hereafter, without the Content of the Commissioners appointed by this Act, Alter, Stop up. Turn aside, or Lessen any High-way or Road that has heretofore been laid out, or shall hereafter be laid out by the said Commissioners appointed by Ad of General Assembly to lay out the fame, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be applied by the Surveyors of each respective Town, towards Repairing the High-ways* flo btf recovered by Warrant from the Surveyors of each respective Town, or the major part of them, directed to the Constable of the Town, to Levy the said

Distress,

i 56 Anno RegmDuodecimo Annae Regmx.

Distress, and within Six Days ( after Publick Notice given ) shall make Sale of the fame, pay the Penalty and Charges, and return the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Gomtnon Publick Road or High-way shall lead through any Meadow-Grounds or Corn-Fields, the Dimension of the Breadth of the said Road shall be, and is hereby left to the Discretion of the said Commissioners of each respective County> and Precind, as aforesaid.

And be it further Enacted by the fame Authority, That the Inhabitants of the Towns, Manors, and Precincts, by and through which Lands any Common Publick Roads or High-ways hath or shall run, or be hereafter ascertained or laid out, are hereby obligea to clear and maintain the fame, by Cutting and Stubbing the Brush up. Pulling up the Stones that can be carried off the Breadth of a Rod, and the Limbs of Trees hanging over the said Roads to be lopt, and carried off, and so often as they, or any of them, shall have Notice from the Commissioners, Surveyors, or Overseers of the High-ways, for the time being, throughout this Colony, respectively by themselves or Servants, shall Clear, Level, and Amend the High-ways, not exceeding Six Days in the Year, under the Penalty of Three Shillings for each Day every Person shall neglect or refuse such Service, to be Levied by the Constable in each Town or Precind, by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant from the Commissioners, Surveyors, or Overseers of the High-ways, for the time being, in every County, Town, Manor, or Precind, or the major part of them respectively, returning the Overplus of such Sale to the Owner or Owners.

Provided always, and be it further Enacted by the said Authority, That all Trees that stand in any Man’s Land through which any Common Publick Road or High-way is, or shall be laifi out, be for the proper Use of the Owner or Owners of the fame, hut shall not hinder the Publick of making use of so much Timber as will Amend and Repair the said High-ways running through that Land.

And be it further Enacted by the said Autlrority, That if the Commissioners for the County of Orange and Dutchess-County fee. Cause to' have any Road laid out for a Waggon-Road, the Inhabitants of the said County shall be hereby obliged to clear the fame. :

And be it also Enacted by the fame Authority, That where any High-ways, from any Town or Plantation to any Meadows, Mills, Watering or Common Landing-places, shall run through any particular Person s Grounds, it shall and may be Lawful for any such Person or Persons, by the Approbation of the Commissioners of such Town, Manor,- or Precind, to place and hang good Swinging Gates on such High-ways, and keep them in Repair at their own proper Costs*.

Provided, No Roads leading in or out of any Woods, or Plains, or Commons, where the Cattle belonging to any Town or Village usually pals to and from the Commons or Feeding-Ground, be clog’d or hinder’d by any Swinging Gates, as aforesaid, but by the Consent of the Inhabitants of the said Towri or Village> and the several Gates already standing and allowed, may or shall be approved and continued, or altered, as foe Commissioners herein appointed shall judge most convenient; and the fame High-ways shall be Amended and Maintained by the-Inhabitants of every Town, Manor, or Precind where such Ways may run.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Overseer of the Roads and High-ways mail think fit, and have occaiGon of any Team, Carts, or Waggons, and a Man to manage the fame, the said Team, Cart, of Waggon, shall be eftemed to be for Three Days Work of a single Man, and the Fine proportionally to be Triple; and every Working Mari shall be obliged to bring such Materials of Spades, Axes, Crows, Pickaxes, and other Utensils, as shall be directed by the Overseers of the High-ways. J '•

And

157

Anno Regni Duodecimo AnnRegina.

And be it Enabled by the said Authority, That in case any Person or Persons shall stake or shore open any such Gate or Gates, as aforesaid, or otherwise ride over and through any Lands, Meadow-Grounds, or Corn-Fields, to the Damage of the Owner or Owners thereof shall, for every such Offence, forfeit Six Shillings, to be applied by the Surveyors of each respective Town, towards Repairing the Publick High-ways or Roads, and pay all Damages, with the Costs, the Owner of the Soil or Tenant shall suffer or sustain thereby, as any of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the Town, County, or Precinct, wherein such Offence shall be committed, shall determine; whose Determination shall be a final Judgment.

And be it also Enacted by the fame Authority, That if any of the Commissioners appointed, as aforesaid, shall negletft, retufe, or delay to put the several Clauses expressed in this Act in Execution, as aforesaid, and required, it shall and may be Lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or any Two, of such County or Counties wherein such Refusal or Neglect shall so nappen, as aforesaid, to appoint another Commissioner or Commissioners in the room of those who have refused or neglected the Services, as aforesaid.

And be it farther Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, by Virtue of this Act, shall have, take, and receive Six Shillings per Day, as a Reward for their Care and Pains in Laying out and Regulating the High-ways throughout this Colony, in the fame way and manner as is appointed and provided in an Act, Intituled, Act for Laying out, Regulating, Gearing, and Preferring Publick Common High-ways throughout this Qlony, made in the Second Year or Her Majesty's Reign.

And be it further Enacted by the fame Authority, That the High-ways in the County of Albany shall, from time to time, be made and kept in Repair by the Inhabitants of the said County, as the Commissioners appointed by this Att shall order and direct} any thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the County of Richmond, the Surveyors or the High-ways, which are annually chosen in

each Division by the Inhabitants of the said County, shall have the fame Power and Authority, for Laying out and Regulating the High-ways within the several Divisions in the said County of Richno, and shall be liable to the fame Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any other the Commissioners appointed by the said Act.

Provided, That this Act shall continue in Force for Seven Years from the Publication hereof, and no longer.

msmsmm

An Act for Laying a Duty on Goods sold by •, or

Outcry.

An Act for the Treasurers Paying One hundred and twenty five Dta*

Ounces of Plate unto Peter van Brugh, and Hendrick Hanfem, Esquires, late Commissioners at Albany.

An Act to Oblige the County of Ulster to satisfie what that County Ditto. is inArrear to Colonel Jacob Rutfen, and Adrian Gerretfe, Esqs.

R r ACTS

v \ jj- i

j j

-■IV ii

AV V

- > *.' t ■• *.;■

;-f ’ ’ i

*.)*'• if- L k i -

i \>

I

I

1

*59

ACTS passed by the General Assembly of the Colony of New-York, in July, 1714. being the Thirteenth Year of Her Majesty's Reign.

An Act for a Supply to be Granted to Her E*P5rcd

ing the Government for the ensuing Tear.

, , . ' . #- ‘ •; 'y\ »tU5> . -;.Tv.t

An Act for Levying and Paying the fDuties therein men- Ex?ir^10

tioned, for the Use of this Colony, 171

•vO

An Act for ColleBing and Paying to the County-Treasurerthe Ha? had m1

*,. Arrears of Taxes in the County of Richmond, for Defraying E&CE . the Publick and bfecessary Charge of the same County.

r \ r

An Act for the Treasurer sPaying to his Excellency a Sunt of Ditto?

Money for Presents to the Five Nations of Indians, and for his Expence in going to Albany to Treat with them. - ~f..,

- ' \ *'. ‘ 7

« r «

•r : :; j . d 1

to Relieve Samuel Steel, Commander of the Ship Benja- Ditto.

mm, and all Others concerned in the said Ship and Cargo, from the Duty of Seven and a half per

AB of Assembly made in the Twelfth Tear of Her Majesty's

Reign

; : — c- An

Anno Regni Decimo T Annae

160

Expire* in An Act for Reviving an Act of General Assembly of this

vince, Intituled, An Act to prevent Damages by Swine in the County of Wefchefer, and the County of Richmond

WHEREAS an Act of General Assembly of this Province^ made in the Seventh Year of Her Majesty's Reign, Intituled, An Act to prevent Damages by Swine in the Westchester, Queens-

County, and County of Richmond, is Expired by its own Limitation, and the said Act having by Experience been found to be very Beneficial to the said Counties j Be it therefore Enacted by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly of this Colony, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and every Article, Clause, and Thing therein contained, he Revived and Continued} and the Jfame Ad is fiereby Revived ind Continued, and to* remain in force for and during the Term of Seven Years from and after the Publication of this present Act, and no longer*

Expired in In Act for, LicensingHawkers and Pedlars within this Province

: for Four fearj.

confirmed An Act for the Paying and Discharging the several Debts and itfun.ijis- Sums of Money chimed as Debts of this Colony to the fiver al

Persons therein named;and to make and enforce the Currency

of Bills of Credit to the Value of Twenty pc

hundred and eighty Pounds, for that; alfi to make

void all Claims and Demands made or pretended to be due from this Colony before the Day June, One thousand seven hundred and fourteen;. and to prevent this Colony front ' being m Debt for the future.

‘ 41

WHereaS there are several Persons who claim Sums of Money as due to them from this Colony for Services formerly done, or Money and Effects advanced by them for the necessary Service thereof by Directions from the former Governors of this Colony, or those who have executed the Authority of the same, for many of which Sums of Money Warrants have been drawn by the said Governors, by and with the Consent of the Council of this Colony, upon the CoUedor and Receiver General for the time being, payable out of such Funds or Sums of Money as have, from time to time, been raised and paid by the Subjects inhabiting this Colony, for the Support of the Government of the fame j which Warrants nevertheless have not been complied with, nor the Claimants paid, but great part of the Funds and Sums afore-fiid misapplied, and extravagantly expended by Come of the former Governors ' of

drim Regn't Dechno Tert 'w/Awxaz

of this Colony, contrary to the true Intent for which such Sums were raised; which Misapplication, unjust and extravagant Expending of the Revenue, given by the Loyal Subjects aforesaid to,Her Majesty, and to Her Royal Predecessors, Kings and Qjreens of England, fufitcient for the Honourable as well as Ne-cellary Support of their Government here, has in great measure funk; the Credit of the said Government, discouraged and disabled the Subjects inhabiting therein from Railing such Supplies as they would .otherwise be inclinable to do, and has occasioned the Demands now made by most of the Claimants aforesaid, for the Services done, and Sums of Money advanced by them > which* if not complied with in some measure, will be the utter Ruin and Undoing of many of the said Claimants, add prove a great and irreparable Lpfs to most of them; and although this Colony, in ftri& Justice, is; in no manner of way obliged to pay oj: discharge many of the said Claims, haying, from’ time to time, provided Sums fumcient to have prevented-most of the said Demands, had the said Sums been duly applied > yet in regard many of the Warrants drawn, as aforesaid, have passed in the nature of Bills of Credit, and many of Her Majesty's Subjects would be great Sufferers; if not relieved : Therefore, in order to discharge the said Claims, restore the Publick Credit, and fix it on such a Foundation as will be most conducive to the Service of Her Majesty, and Her Royal Siicceflors, as well as the Good of Her Subjects inhabiting this Colony, tna to settle and quiet the Minds of the lame, bury all Strifes, Animosities, and Divisions, that might otherwise arise, for, about, or concerning any of the said Claims, as well as in tender Commiseration of the Condition of many of the Claimants, who,' without any A A of General Assembly, are wholly re-medilels'i .Be it Enabled ;by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and it is hereby. Eoa&ed by the Authority, of the lame. That the Sum of Twenty1 seven thous^ud, six hundred and eighty Pounds, be, by the Treasurer of this Colpoy, paid to tjiefeveral Persons hereafter named*:, their Executors, or Assigns/ in such manner as is hereafter expressed; That, is to lay,

;/ To Robert Walter' Ef<h his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Two hundred sixty niner Pounds, Eleven, Shillings, and Three Pence, for the full Discharge of Three Warrants j-the ,Eirft dated the, Sixth Pay of November, One thousand seven hundred-and one,\jthe Second the Fourteenth Day of Aprils One thousand seven hundred and two, ! drawn by Captain John Nqttfan, late -Lieutenant Governor of this* Colony, and payable out of the Revenue to the said Robert Wal-itty for, IFire-AVood provided by hlmifbt His then Majesty s. Fort at

ind the Third dated , the Twentieth' Day of November, One thousand; seven hundred aijditwoy drawn,.by Captain, I^anfan, aforesaid, and-payable out of the Revenue! aforesaid to .Barrie Cofew* or Order, for the said Expences

upon ah Expedition to /Albany, and Residence there in the Month of One

foohfartd feveh hundred>and one., :! :7r>* v.

To>Eliar Peltreau, his; Executors1, or Alfigps, the Sum of One hundred ttventy Okie, Pounds, 'Fourteen Shillings* and Fpur Pence Half-peny, for the foil Discharge- of X^oWarrams: j the Firftdated the Seventeenth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and otte,1 drawn by Captain Nartfan aforesaid j and the Second, r dated the Third Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and three, ,drawh >by Edward Viscount Qnnbury, late Governor of this Colony,

both payable out of the Revenue of the same to the said for Candle?

provided,by him for the; Fort at New-York> also in full Discharge for One thou-fitnd nine hundred and fifty Pounds of Candles, provided by him for the Fort aforesaid, j:i ,. > v.-; j •, u.: 1 , .

To Lucretia Hogeman, the Sum of Twenty five Pounds, in foil Discharge of One Warrant, dated, the Sixth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and three, drawnbv Lord Cornbury aforesaid, and payable out of the Revenue aforesaid to the said Hogemap, as .a Reward i for Three. Years Service and Suffer ingV.of jier HusbaacL during thejaft W$r« ‘

J..Lt " ' S'f ‘ ' To

x6t Attna kegrit Bt&mo[Tertio Annse Regbte.

- *• 1 ir-m— — •--« ■———_■ —

To Captain Eberiifiilr tPUlftn, his Executors, or Assigns,; the Sum of Three hundred and two Pound?, Seventeen Shilling?, and Four-Pence Hil£pen-y, for the full Discharge of Two Warrants j the ortedated the Sixteenth One thousand fevert hundred and two, drawn by \jor& Qrtnbuty aforesaid, and payable to Rip iritn DArn, ot Order, for Three hundred Pounds, advanced by him towards his Lordship’s Expedition to to meet the Five-Nations of

Indians xhtrti and the other dated the Fifth Day of August, One thousand feveri hundred and three,' draWii by Lord ChrPbUrY ifcteliid, and payable to-MAttherPLing, of Order, for providingofWine, Brandy, and Sugar, towards the said Expetfitibn. - ,f-; ' -• by .•;

To ^dptairr Jatriet ^lFeemes,'tii? Executors; or Atiigns, the Sum of Nino

Pounds, Fourteen' Shillings, and Seven Peftce, in full. Discharge of Two Warrants vdflwn by Lord Ccrnburyithe one dated the Fifth Day of One thousand seven hundred and seven, and payable to the said Weemes,- or Ordery for Mohey disbursed by him for Work done in Her Majestys Yott&tAlbapyi the other dated the Seventh Day of September, One thousand fevervhundfed and eight, payable to the said Wetmes for Money disbursed by him for mending the Water-Courses and Trenches in the said Fort*( ’ ’ /

To Captain Richard Willett^his Executor?,: or AffigrtSi *he Sum of Twenty

Pounds, for the foil Discharge f©f One Warrant, dated- the Seventeenth Day of Jilting One thousand seven- hundred and one,' drawn by-Captain Jtjbn>'Ndnfa& aforesaid, and payable tb Dated Jattufon^ Or Order, for his Salary as Clerk of the Council. : - : - ';•'; i " -i: - - oj <'-• li ’ .1

■ JTd 'Mt. Fbitip Schuyler,\ils Executors,* or : die; Sum ' of Sevently'five

Pbbtids, for the foil Discharge ^f Three ^Warrants; Two of thbfn dated the Third Day of July,' Oni thbufend feveti- hundred and five, and-the Third ’the Eighteenth Day of ’July OHe ^hbtifand seven hundred- and fix,! dttwvri by Lord Cornlnfry aforesaid,: and payable; to: Hil »vi& for her: Salary at Inters

pretefs to the iPdiAnL ! t: v; ' ! -■ >d - •_ >,) v#

- T & Margaret Strikes,hen Executors, er-'Assigns,* thCiSuffl of" Twenty fix;

Pbtmds, Fifteen Shillings,* ahd-Two PenceHalf-pfeny , 'so fuli DifchaTgeifbr Warrant draWiv by Lord C?rHbkryafbt6saidf dated the-Third Day^bf jfa^/^y One thousand seven hundred indrhree, and payable Out of the Revbnueto thd fii$ Stookes, forProVifidns and Other things feougltf so^his Lofdf^ aforesaid. : •-c ' f

To the fexecucbr^ of JohtiCtfadrt,1 or lfiS' A^ghs^, theS1tlm, of Onedhuridred and 6ne Pounds, Seven Shillings, - and Eight'Pence, - fori the full Discharge of Two Warrants j the One-drawn by Captain John Nanfau aforesaid, dked ithef Twenty first Day of One thousand six hundred'ninecy and nine, payi able out of the Revenue to Robert Lor Older, for fondry Charges paid for Entertaining the French Agents fern from Canada to the Earl' trfBeiio- print}the other1 drawn by the Earl of formerly Governor' of this

Colotty, dated the Seventh Day of Aiqpfti One uhotifaud fevtn hundred; payable to the said LtAjingflm^ - or Order, for Chaises-expanded, and Thingi provided for his Lordship’s Expedition to^ xht lat Onokmlagi^ ] by m-.-«

"nT a Derick Btnjbn,his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Eight Pounds, Fi£ fee.ti Shillings, for the fulf Discharge of Owe Wartant, diawn fey the Lord Cornbttdy aforesaid, dated the Second Day :of jfawr. One choafand fevet? bun- dred and two, payable to Colonel Peter/Schuylir, or Order, in part of Three hundred ninety nine Pounds,; Fourteen Shillings, apd-Two iPencey for Goois advanced by. him, and others, to the Indians of the Five Nations, in the Year One. thousand foe hundred eighty and eight* r ‘ - i v,^,

To Rachel Tetter, Widow of IViUiaiu Tellerx her Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Ninety One Pounds, - -Sixteen Shillings, and She'Pence, ft» the? foil Disc Charge' of Two Warrants ihe^ One dated the Twehcyi sixth -Day of Januat%

One thousand seven hundred andr one, drtiWU by - iASvygn. aforei

v^»

Attop'Regni Dedmo Terijtx Anns Regius,

163

laid; .the^ofher draWli, by Lord; Covnbury aibreiaid, dated the Third Day of Augustt One thousaedseven hundred and three, both payable to William Teller, or Order*t for the Hire,of his SloOd tttTranfpoii. the said Captain Nanfan tad the said Lofjd« Gorjtbury oneach ,of their Expeditionstothe Five (Nations of

ans, and attending,on th^m. ) }_■.:. . -; ‘ . - r > \

,: To the1 EHeCutofs of Captain Jtsbmms t)e Peyfier, or their Assigns, the Sum of One hundred (fifty five Pounds, , Three Shillings* and Four Pdrice, for the fell pifcharge of Two Warrants ;the One drawn by Captain Nanfan aforesaid* dated the .Eighth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and one, payable to William: Jitwood Esqj Chief Justicedf this Colony, or Order, for Salary due jto him from the Twenty fifth Day; of De•* One thousand seven hundred,

to the Twenty fifth Day of DtcetHher, One thousand seven hundred and one'; the other drawn by Lord Combury J aforesaid, dated the Twenty second Day of Otfofor* OOe thousand fdven hundred and eight, payable to the said De or Orders for providingXire-wood for Her Majestya Fort. *■ .jj

To Captain John l/Moneur, hii Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings, for the full Discharge of One Warrant, drawn; by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Second Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and two, and .payable to theiaid D'Hoheur, or Order; for his Journey •to Albany* and back again, being font Express by his Lordship for the Service tbfthe Colony.; . a . 1 to : : «•/«

To WiMato Btadford^.hasExecutors, or Assigns,; the Sum of Two hundred

und thirty Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Four Pence Half-peny, for the full DifchaigOof Nine Warrants, drawn by (Lord Cornbury aforesaid, and One-drawn py t]mriJ9oi,LovelaQeli’.when Governor of this' Colony, payable to the said

Bradford, -or Order, for Salar y due to him as I Printer, in the Years One thpt|-fotid feVett hundred and one,. One, thousand seven hundred and two. One thousand seven hundred and/ fix,. One thousand! seven hundred and seven, and Ohfe thousand seven hundred and eight; and One Warrant, drawn by Lord Cmibtity aforesaid,- daSed tho Eirft :Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and three;, payable to Robert Walter, or Order, for Fire-Wood found and provided by fifth for Hec Many’s ^GarTilibnin land for the full Discharge of anlAc-

■dount brought in by the-ford Bradford, by which Account tbie Sum of -TWam

five,Pc»ttfi«b,LFi.ve ShiJdinE5, and Ten Pence, is claimed of this Colony. »§uib i /To Captain Ifadc DTrtieiner, has; iExfecutoti, ,or Assigns*. the -Sum- of 1 Two hundred iafol ftight Pounds Rfibcdn ^Shillings, .ifor iHe foil Di&hafcge of Thee* Warrandsp ;Two of Vduihiare dated ttaa Secodd Day of April, One ihotjfidd seven hundred and two*? and thd Third the FifftDay tof tMayi, 1 Onfe> thtwjCrftd seven hundred and twb, dtawn ,'jbyjGiptain: Nmfah aforesaid* >and made! payV aide to>himselffor,Babtry) due to>hidi,j and Rayknent for;an Anwar-of a Tact due 'no die saidiAto»/t»*j affighedi hytiifch to HtsTheh MajestyVJJfo^ o bo th

v > To Pjmi DroiHet, hit'Eafecuthrsy r or Assigns, < the Sum of /Ffte PQUnds*V.stir the fnlL Discharge of ;Warrant*; dhrxwhbtoiLOiitl ,dated

yite Thihebnfo D&yoo^Apru/, ;<Oaejth'buffltidi ifetejnhundeed. and *btee> nptyatrifc to 'Ihomax'Davh, or Ofaety for ’Jhis.'mataordink-y Attendancelat ffovtakas 1 din-ring the Sitting of the General Assembly in Ottooer and November^ i One thous-fimd’foVenrhundKtFaiid two.: vll e;,! \ ;?T

*; > To ColOheJ Peter Svbuykr, hi^£xectitor$* or Assigns, the 5om of One thousand five-hundred fetenty feVenPottnds* SeVehoeeh Shilling^ candSix/ Pence Half-pdny^ for the foil- Dischargd of Thitty one Warrants, drawn by Lord Ovta-Uaj aJfotefatdij Otie, dated the Finft Day of November^ One thoblahd seven huh* dredand four; Xw6 dfitedthe Jbdrteienth' Day of Onbitioiniandofevca hundred, and/fix;. Eivie tinted the Fcrurteemh Dacyof One thoniland

foven hutidred and fix i Six dated ihe Seventeenth Day of Jtffy,' One thousand foven hundred and seven s Sevbn dateid the Twentietn Dzy af Alonxm&rr One thousand fotreh hundred iadd sevent Ten dated/the 3TWdty .^ Day- of QbKtdm,

" One

Anno Regni Dearm Tertoo Anns

One thousand seven hundred and eight, all for providing Fire-wood for the Garrisons of Albany and Schenectady;and Two drawn by Lieutenant Governor Jngoldesby^ dated the Twentieth Day of Mfy* Ohethoufand seven hundred and nine, and payable to the said Colonel Peter , or Order, for the

providing Fire-wood for Her Majesty's said Garrisons, and in foil Discharge for Six more Warrants, drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid j One dated the Eighteenth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and five, payable to the said Schuyler for building a new Fort at t Schenectady• One dated the Second Day otOClobct, One thousand seven hundred and eighty payable to the said Schuyler* for his Journey to the Qrmondage Country in the Year. One thousand seven hundred and three j One dated the Twenty seventh Day of October^ One thdufartd seven hundred and eight, payable to the hid’Schuyler for Candles provided by him for the Garrisons aforesaid > One dated the Twenty nmth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and eight, payable to . the for- hii Journey

to the Five Nations* and Expenses there j; Two datedthe Second Day of No*-.•October, One thousand seven. hundred ahd/dgbt,1. payable to the said Schuyler, the one for Out-Scouts sent to the j Lake^ ithe other Tor Building a Foct in thi Mahaque’s Country. .-A A v ....•ox- :;i!. i. A AA 1

To Margaret •van Shaicky Executrix of Matthew Darkfon^ or 'her Assigns^ the, Sum of Twenty seven Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and Four Pence Half peny, for the foil Discharge of Four Warrants,- One drawn by His ■Majesty's Council, datedthe Fifth DayofMtfj, Ofle- thousand seven hundred and one, payable to Matthew Clarkson Esq; late Secretary of this Colony, ori Order, for Engrossing Sixty eight Skins of Parchment, Three drawri by 'Lord jaforesaid, dated the Eighth Day'of Mayy One thousand seven hundred and foun, -payable to the said Clarkson fori his Salary i Paper, and other Incidents.

-v To Abraham Wendell Esq;1 his Executors,-ot'Assigns, the Sum*' of Twelve Pounds, Five Shillings, for the foil Discharge of One Warrant, drawmby Lord flotnbwy aforesaid, dated the Fourth Day of May, One thousand-seven hundred ^md-four, and payable to; Wtlhath Hall, ,br Order, for-providing Fite-wood for Wef MajestyVGairrifon ixCScbeneftadi* •»</• *. V. <n v

-w/To. Colonel Abraham De Peyjldr, his laieeutors, or Assigns, the Suhi of Twu hundred sixty eight Pounds, Five Shillings, and One Peny, for thefollDifi-charge of Five Warrant^; drawn by Captain John Nairfan^aforesaid^'Qm dated ehcTSixteenth Day of January, .One thousand six hundred ninety' and nine; smother datedthe Second Day of July, One ithoufand seven hundred* Both payi able to WtUiam Bradford fort Salary due to* him^ anddaced the Fifteenth Day of August.; Onex thousand fix himdrda ninety and rtinfe, payable to PotervjLmngf J&Bqlehior, lor Order, for Provisions delivered no the Five Nations ante then dated ;the Twenty fourth Day of <iTeCewberf>Qndrhoufand le^en huh* dred and one, payable to the Lady Bellmiontl for Salary due to thedaoelEarl of ■£&llpthont$ hs-Governor of this tGofony toapathecdatfed the Thirteenth Day of [April, One thousand seven hundred and two, payabfeJtd the L foi Money dde to.thfe aforesaid)Earfc, by: VdrtuetOf, air Ad>of General Aiffembly of this Colony,- Intituled, An Act for Granting His Majesty the Sum tf Two

thousand Pounds*) s'J, A:. \v V.O A jA.r-A. . ■. -A,' -j:.: > -iAA A.

To Mr. Bernardus Freeman, MinifWr, his Executors,- br Assigns, the Suni of -One hundred twenty nine .Pounds, Ten Shilling^, for the foil Difch&rgfc of Eightl Warrants, d^wn by Lord Cwnbwy afore laid, dated the Twerity second Day:of March,.’ One thousand seven hundred and twb, paydble to the said freeman, or Order, for his Salary for hislnftrufting the Five Nations ol Indians in vthelChristian Faith, and Propagating Religion amongst them.

: To. Captain JLancaJler Syrns', his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Three hundred eighty Pounds, and Four Pence,-foibthd foil Discharge of Six War* rants* drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid; One dated the Twenty second Day of March, .One thousand seven huadred.and fir* and Five dated^the .Twenty - A second

«7/o Regrii Decimo Tertio Ann* Regina, 165

second Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and eight, all payable to the said jftanc after Symes, or Order, for providing Fire-wood lor Her Majesty's Fort

'at New York

To William Smith Esq; his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of One hundred ■forty , nine Pounds^ Nineteen Shillings, and Ten Pence, for the full Discharge of Four Warrants, One drawn by Benjamin Fletcher Esq; formerly Governor of this Colpny, dated the Fifteenth Day of O, One thousand six hundred ninety anfl fix, payable’ to Gabriel Minvielle, or Order, for Money advanced

by Ifinvtp ajbfwer the Charge, of,an Expedition to , when the and

Indians rp&t a Descent upon our Indian Country; another drawn by the Earl of BeUonfont, dated the fifteenth Day: of May, One thousand six hundred ninety

and nine,; payable to .GabrielThomfony or Order, for his Salary as Door-keeper to the, ^flcpibly, and forHouse-Rept, Fire-wood, and Candles; another drawn and dated,as next above, payable t o-Robert Livingftoor Order, for providing of Tyro hundred and fifty Stocks for Guns, to he given as a Present to the Indians; another drawn by kordCornbury aforesaid, dated the Third Day of One thousand seven hundred and three, and payable to Robert aforesaid, as One of the Executors of the Last Will of Gabriel Minvielle deceased, for Stropds,) Du^tells, and other things, for* Presents to the , on his Excellency’s Expedition- to Albany, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and Two,;

To Henry Swift, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Thirteen Pounds,

’Nine Shillings, for, the full Discharge of One Warrant, drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaidT> dated the Twenty seventh Day of , One thousand seven hundred and-eight* payable to the said Swift, or Order, for' Lodging and Entertaining the French Gentlemen that came from Canada with a Flag of Truce, and for Entertaining an Indian Sachem, and his Company.

To Roger Mmpefjon Esq; his Executors, or Afligris, the Sum of Two hundred and thirteen Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, and Nine Pence, for the full Discharge of Five Warrants, drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Eleventh Day of July, the Third Day of October, and the Ninth Day of; One thousand seven hundred and six, the Ffrft Day of July, and the Thirtieth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and eight, payable to the said Roger Monpejfon Esq; or Order, for Salary due to him as Chief Justice of this Colony; also for the-full Discharge of One hundred and forty four Days Salary, due over and above what was directed to be paid by the Warrants aforesaid.

To Jehn.Crooke, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Forty one Pounds,

Eleven Shillings, and Eight Pence, for the foil Discharge of Two Warrants,

One drawn by Captain John Nanfan aforesaid, dated the Fourteenth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and two, payable to the said John Crooke, or Order, for turning of Powder, for Casks, and Work done in the Fort of New-York i another drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Fifth Day of One thousand seven hundred and five, payable to Colonel or

Order, for Fire-wood provided by him for Her Majesty's Fort at . To May Bickley Esq; his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, for the full Discharge of Six Warrants, drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Eleventh Day of July, the Third Day of October, and the Ninth Day of January, One thousancf seven hundred and six, the Fifteenth Day of

April, the First Day of July, the Thirtieth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and eight, and One drawn by Lord Lovelace, late Governor of this Colony, dated the Thirteenth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and eight, all payable to the said May Bickley, or Order, for his Salary as Attorney-General of this Colony; also in full Discharge of a Certificate under the Hand of George Clark Esq; for Salary due to the said Bickley, over and above, the Warrants before mentioned, till the Twenty fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and nine.

T t To

166

Anno Regni Dechno T Annae Regina.

and Ten Shillings, for the full Discharge of Eight Warrants, drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid; Five of which are dated the Thirtieth Day of

and Two the Fifteenth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and eight, payable to the said Lord Cornbury in part of Salary as Governor of this Colony, Endorsed by the Earl of Clarendon to his Excellency; aid One En-dorfed and drawn, as above dated, the Eleventh Day of One thousand seven hundred and eight, and payable to William Van Allen, or Order, for attending his Lordship with his Sloop to Albany; also.for the full Discharge of Two Accounts given in by his said Excellency; the One dated March the Ninth Day;, One thousand seven hundred and twelve; the other the Eighteenth Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and fourteen, demanding Payment of this Colony for his Salary, for providing Fire-wood and Candles for the Gar-rifons of New-York, Albany, and Schenectad for Kepaifs of Her. Majesty's Fortifications, for Journies to Albany to meet the Five Nations, for ExpresseS, and several other Disbursements for the Publick Service,’ as by the said Two Accounts may more folly and at large appear* ' ' '

To Charlotte Lady Lovelace, her Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of One hundred and seventy four Pounds, One Shilling, and' Seven Pence, -for the foil Discharge of Four Warrants, drawn by Peter Schuyler Esq; President of Her Majesty s Council, dated the Eighth Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and nine, payable to the said Lady Lovelace for necessary Expences in relation to the Stores sent by Her Majesty for the Use of the Garrisons of this Colony, for Incidents of the Government of Newjfhrk during his Lordship’s Administration, for providing Fire-wood and Candles during the said .Time.

To Lewis Morris Esq; Assignee of Robert Milward Efa; Second Judge of this Colony, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, for the foil Discharge of Five Warrants, drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid* dated the Third Day of the Ninth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and six, the Fifteenth Day of April, the First Day of July, the Thirtieth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and eight* payable to the said Robert Milward, for his Salary as Second Judge of this Colony; also for the foil Discharge of One hundred and forty four Days Salary, certified by George Dark Eiq; Secretary of this Colony, to be due to him for Salary over and above the said Warrants, till the Eighteenth Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and nine ,• and in full Discharge of an Account offered by him for his said Service, and his Salary claimed therein, from the Eighteenth Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and nine, until the Eighteenth Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and thirteen.

To Rip Van Dam Esq* his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum Of Two hundred and thirty four Pounds, One Shilling, and Four Pence, for the full Discharge of Nine Warrants, viz. Two drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Third Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and three, payable to the Lid Van Dam, or Order, for Wine, Brandy, Pipes, Tobacco, and other things, provided by him for his Lordship’s Expedition to Albany, and Presents to the Indians there; Three drawn by Captain John Nanfan aforesaid; One dated the Twenty seventh Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and one, payable to Jacob LukaJJe, or Order, for his Tourney with Captain Bleaker to Onnondage j One dated the Fifteenth Day of One thousand six hundred ninety and nine, payable to Robert or Order, for Sundries

delivered by him to the Five Nations of Indians; One dated the First Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and two, payable to David ProVoofi, or Order, for the Use of himself and the rest of die Commissioners of die Publick Accounts; Four more drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Seventeenth

Day

Amo'Regnt Decrma Tertto Ann* Regime;,

167

Day of DBober, One thousand seven hundred and six, and the Fifteenth Ij)ay of September, One thousand fevert hundred,'and eight, payable to Lawrence QazBjbty or Order, for his Salary as: Interpreter to the Five Nations andJ^H Mans, ;.. . . ' i ?Nr-V,-;.

To Adolphus Phillips Esq; his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Sixtyfqqr Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Six Pence, for the full Discharge of Two Warrants* drawn by Benjamin Fletcher Esq; formerly Governor of this Cqlo^yi dated the Twenty fifth Day of May, and the Fifteenth Day . of i thousand six hundred ninety and five, payable to David Schuyler for ni$ Paya$ Lieutenant, and for a Journey to Canada,

To Robert UvingfionSen. Esq; his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of One hundred'and seventy seven Pounds, and Eight Pence, for the full Discharge of Six Warrants; One drawn by the EarLofBelbinmt aforesaid, dated the Fifteenth Day of Mty, One thousand six hundred ninety and nine, payable to the find Livingfion, or Order, for Money by him advanced to the Officers and Soldiers employed in the Expedition against the French in the Year One thousand six hundred eighty and seven; Four drawn by Captain Nanfan aforesaid; One dated the Thirty firfEDiiy of May, and Three r the Twenty first Day of Octo* hery One thousand six hundred ninety and nine; another drawn by the Earl of Bellomnt aforesaid, dated the Third Day of One thousand seven hundred, all payable to the said Ltvirtgfton3 or Order, for sundry Incidents and Provisions delivered by him to the Five Nations of , and for sundry Disbursements for the Use of the Port at , to the Twenty fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred*

To Anne Gravenrad, her Executors, or Assigns; the Sum of Forty three Pounds, and-Fifteen Shillings, for the full Discharge of One Warrant, drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Thirtieth Day of One thousand seven hundred and eight, payable to the said Lord , or Order;

for part of his Quarter’s Salary due the Twenty ninth Day of One thousand seven hundred and eight, to the Executors of the Last Will of Derick Vanderburgh deceased, or their Assigns, the Sum of Four hundred and seven Pounds, Five Shillings, and Four Pence Half-peny, for the full Discharge of Nine Warrants; Four drawn by the Earl of Belumtont aforesaid, dated the Third Day of August, One thousand seven hundred; Four drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Seventeenth Day of One thousand seven hundred and three, all payable to the said Derick , or Order, for Bricklayers

Work dooe, and Materials found and provided by him in and about the Buildings in Her Majesty's Fort at New-York; and One drawn by the said Lord Cornbury, dated the Third Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and three, payable to Vanderburg aforesaid for his Sloop and Mens attending his Lordship on his Expedition to Albany, for carrying of Stone for the Building of Her Majesty's Fort Anne in JNezv-York, and for several other Services.

To Francis Wbaie, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Ten Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Nine Pence, for the full Discharge of One Warrant, drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Third Day of , One thousand seven hundred and Four, payable to the said Winne, or Order, for Firewood by him provided for a Blockhouse and One Officer at Albany,

To Hyer Schermerhoorn, his Executors, or Assigns, the Stun of Seventeen

Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, and Six Pence, for the full Discharge of Two Warrants; One drawn by the Earl of , dated the Twelfth Day of

November, One thousand seven hundred; another drawn by Captain JJohn Nan-fan, dated the Fourteenth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and two, payable to Ryer Schermerhoorn, or Order, for Fire-wood provided by him for Her Majesty's Garrison of Schenefiady.

To

168

Anno Regrii Becimo TAnnae Regime.

•_ To Isaac Cafpeifon, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty one Pounds, for the full Discharge of One Warrant, drawn by Lord aforesaid,

dafedthe Twenty sixth Day of Aprils -One thousand seven hundred and four; payable to the said Cafperson for providing Fire-wood for a Blockhouse and Ofln cer at Albany.

' To Captain Abraham Schuyler, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Sixty fous ^Pounds, and One Shilling, for the full Discharge of One Warrant, drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Eleventh Day- of May$ One thousand seven hundred and.four, payable to the said Schuyler for the remaining Pay of the Company of Scouts, with their proper "Officers. T

To Lawrence Uawfen, his Executors, dr Assigns, the Sum of Nine Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, and Nine Pence, for the full Discharge of One ^Warrant,' drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Eleventh Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and eight, payable to the said Clawfen for' his Ser-1 .vices in the Indian Country. -

To the Executors of the Last Will of John or their Assigns^: the Sunk of Two hundred eighty one Pounds, One Shilling, and Two Pence iHalf-peny, for the full Discharge of Eleven Warrants, drawn by {Lord Combiity aforesaid; One dated the Twenty second Day of April, One thousand seven?hundred and three, payable to John Abe el aforesaid, Tor the Balance of One thousand two hundred and twenty four Pounds, Six Shillings, and Four Pence, for which a Warrant issued the Twenty -fifth Day of July, One thousand six hundred ninety and five; One dated the Tenth Day of JOne thousand seven "hundred and three, payable to Lawrence Clawfen, or Order, for Journies into the Mohaqufi Country and Onnondage; One dated the Fourth Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and four, payable to John Abeel, or Order, for Waggon-Hire, Iron-work, Fire-wood, Sweeping Chimnies, Rum, Pork, (jc. One .dated the Third Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and five, payable to the said -Abeel, or Order, for Divers expended by him on the Frontiers of Albany; One dated the Thirteenth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and five, payable to Colonel Peter Schuyler, for Fire-wood provided by him for the Fort at Albany; Four dated the Fourteenth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and six, payable to the said Abeel, or Order, for Repairing the Platforms and Carriages of the Guns in Her Majesty's Fort at Albany; One dated and payable as next above, for Money and other Necessaries advanced and paid by him for Incidents of the Government; One dated the Eleventh Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and eight, payable to the said Abeel, or Order, for Work done, and other Necessaries for the Fort at Albany.

To Benjatnin Fanuiell, as Executor to the Last Will of de-

'ceased, or his Assigns, the Sum of One hundred and sixteen Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and One Farthing, for the full Discharge of Six Warrants, Four of which were drawn by Captain John Nanfan aforesaid; One dated the Twenty sixth •Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and one, payable to Hendrick Hajen, or Order, for the Use of himself and Peter Vanbrugh, for Fire-wood provided for the Garrifbn at Albany; Two dated the Twenty seventh Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and one, payable to David Schuyler for his Journey to Onnondage in June, One thousand seven hundred and one, and for sundry Expences ana Necessaries for the said Journey, and for his Journey to Onnondage with Captain Bleaker by Order of the Government; One dated the Fourteenth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and two, payable to Lawrence Clawfen for nis Salary as Interpreter to the Five Nations of Indians, and for his Journies to Onneyde and Onnondage > and Two drawn by Lord Corn-buty aforesaid, dated the Seventeenth Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and two; One payable to Cornelius Schermerhoorn, or Order, for the Passage of

Soldiers

Amo Regtii Decimo T Annae Regina.

r 69

Soldiers to Albany, and other Incidents, by Order of the Government; the

other payable to William Hall, or Order, for Fire-wood by him provided for Her Majesty's Fort of Schenectady.

, To John Van Neffe, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Six Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Three Pence, for the full Discharge of One Warranr, so-awn by. Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Thirteenth Day of One thousand fever) hundred and four, payable to Colonel Peter or Orders

for the remaining part of the Pay of the Company of Fuzileers, with their proper Officers, polled at Albany for the Defence of the Frontiers, in the Year One thousand. seven hundred, and three. -

To Abraham Staats, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty three Pounds,. Nineteen Shillings, and Three Farthings, for the full Discharge of One Warrant, drawri by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Second Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and two, payable to the said or Order, for the Hire of his Sloop on his Loraship’s Expedition to Albany.

ToMary'Lever, her Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Ten Pounds, for the full Discharge of One Warrant, drawn by Captain John , dated the

Twenty seventh Day of Aprils One thousand seven hundred and two, payable to John Owen, or Order, for Work done by him in the Fort at Fork.

To Colonel. Abraham De Peyfler, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, Nine Shillings, and Eleven Pence, for the foil Discharge of Three Warrants j One drawn by His Majesty's Council of this Colony, dated ihe Twenty ninth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and one, payable to Cornelia De Peyfier, or Order, on account of Jean le , for his

Work dene in foe Fort of New-York j Two drawn by Captain John Nanfan^ dated the Second Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and twoj One payable to the said De Peyfier, for Wine provided by him for the said Expedition to Albany >• another payable to William Atwood,‘ or Order, for Quarter’s Salary due to him.

To Thomas Davenport, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty two Pounds, Six Shillings, and Six Pence, for the full Discharge of One Warrant, drawn by the Earl of Bellomont, dated the Second Day of January, One thousand seven hundred, payable to the said Davenport, or Order, for the Use of Thomas Ogden, for Freight of Stores of War from foe Kingdom of England to this Colony.

To Frederick Vifcher, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Seventy five Pounds, for the full Discharge of One Warrant, drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Third Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and three, payable to Hanning Harmenfe, or Order, for the Hire of his Sloop for his Lordship’s Expedition to Albany.

To CalebHeathcote Esq; his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of One hundred fif-

ty seven Pounds, and Ten Shillings, for the full Discharge of NineWarrants, drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid > One dated the Eighth Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and fourj Five dated the Fifth Day of July, and Three the Thirteenth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and five, payable to the said Heathcote for Fire-wood provided by him for Her Majesty's Fort at New-York.

To Cornelius De Peyjler, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty one Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Eight Pence Half-peny, for the full Discharge of Three Warrants j One drawn by the Earl of ,dated the Sixth Day

of November, One thousand seven hundred, payable to Derick Weffels, or Order, for Nine Pounds, Nineteen Shillings, and Nine Pence, delivered by him to the Five Nations of Indians;Two drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Seventh Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and two > One payable

U u

to

170

Anno Regm DechmTe Araiae

to Cornelius De Peyfier, for the Use of H Jacobs, for carrying of Officers

arid Soldiers Stores, Bedding, and Clothing, in his Sloop to* /itbmy > another payable to John Bleeker, for Provisions and Presents to the Indians*.

To Gertruydevan Cortlandt, her Executors, or Afltgns, the Sum of One thousand five hundred and sixty five Pounds, One Shilling, and Eleven Pence Farthing, for the full Discharge of Thirty Warrants > Ten of which drawn by Captain Narrfan the Twenty second Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and one, payable to the said Gertruyde van Cottlandx, or Order, for and on the Auditing of the Accounts of the Publick Revenue, the Money having been advanced and paid to the Auditor by her deceased Husband Colonel Stephanus van CJortlandt; and Twenty of the said Warrants drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Sixth Day of November, One thousand' seven hundred and three; Ten of them payable to the said for Fire-wood pro*-’

vided by him for Her Majesty's Fort at New-TorkTwo of them payable, as aforesaid, for sundry Gifts to the Indians, and Materials for Repairing the Bar-4-racks j Six of them payable, as aforesaid, for several Disbursements towards the new Buildings in Her Majesty's Fort in and for Materials and

Beer; Two of them payable, as aforesaid, for Repairing the House of Colonel William Smith, for Lodging of the Soldiers sent to this Colony, and for the foil Discharge of an Account brought in by the said Gertruyde Van Cortlandt j by which Account the Sum of Two hundred and eight Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Two Pence Three Farthings is claimed of this Colony.

To Samuel Bayard Esqj his Executors, or Alligns, The Sum of Seventy one Pounds, Two Shillings, and Elevenpence, for the full Discharge of Three Warrants, drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Eighteenth Day of ary, One thousand seven hundred and two, payable to the said Samuel or Order, for Fire-wood found and provided by him for Her Majesty's Fort in New-York.

To Major Derick Wejjels, his Executors, or Alligns, the Sum of Seventy on* Pounds, Three Shillings, and Four Pence, for the full Discharge of One Warrant drawn by the Earl of Bellomont, dated the Fourteenth Day of , One

choufand six hundred ninety and eight, payable to the said Wejfels, or Order, for sundry Necessaries delivered by him to the Five Nations of , and

River Indians, and other Incidents, to the First Day of One thousand six hundred ninety and seven.

To Nanning Harmenfe, his Executors, or Alligns, the Sum of Sixty seven Pounds, Eight Shillings, and Eight Pence, for the full Discharge of Elgnt Warrants, drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Twenty seventh Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and six, payable to Nanning , or

Order, for Sloop-hire on his Lordship’s Expedition to

To Johannes Minderfe, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Six Pounds* Four Shillings, and Threepence, for the foil Discharge of One Warrant, drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Seventeenth Day of Oil obey. One thousand seven hundred and six, payable to the said Minderfe for Iron, and Work done for Her Majesty's Fort at Schenectady.

To Colonel Henry Beckman, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Five Pounds, Six Shillings, and Nine Pence, for the full Discharge of One Warrant, drawn by my Lord Cornbury upon the Revenue, dated the Seventeenth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and six, payable to the said or

Order, for Freight of Stores for the -Fort at , and Money paid an Express sent by his Excellency thither in the Year One thousand seven hundred and five.

To Stephen Delaney, his Executors, or Alligns, the Sum of Two hundred and thirty Pounds, Five Shillings, One Peny Farthing, for the foil Discharge of Nine Warrants; Two drawn by Captain John One dated the

Twenty sixth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and one; another

dated

Anno liegrii Dec 'mo Terth Annae Regina. 171

dated the Twenty seventh Day of Aprils One thousand seven hundred and two, payable to Peter De Rietner, or Order, for making and mending Glass Windows in His Majesty's Fort at New-lork; Seven drawn by Lord aforesaid j One dated the First Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and two } One dated the First Day of Jub* and One the Twenty seventh Day of October. One thousand seven hundred and three, payable to Michael Haw don, or Order, for House-Rent, Fire, and Candles, for the House of Representatives; Two dated the Twenty seventh Day of January, and the Third Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and three, payable to Stephen Delaney, or Order, the First for Guns and Plains delivered to the , the Second for Rum, Pork, Indian Blankets, Flints, Knives, and other'things* for Presents tp themj Two dated the Second Day of , One thousand seven hundred and three, payable to Colonel Peter , or Order, for Goods

advanced by him, and others by his Orders, for the Service of the Crown*

To Major Myndert Schuyler, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Eleven Pounds, One Shilling, and Eleven Pence Half-peny, for the full Discharge of Three Warrants j One drawn by the Earl of , dated the Second

Day of October, One thousand seven hundred, payable to John Bapti/la 'van Bps, or Order, for the Interpreting, for the Five Nations of Indians at

and for other publick Services; Two drawn by Captain John One

dated the Twenty seventh Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and one, payable to Garrat and Johannes LukaJJe, or Order, for their Journey to the Macaques Country; the otiter dated the Fourteenth Day of , One thousand seven hundred and two, payable to Thomas Williams Esqjfor Fetching back Monsieur Battayle a Frenchman, who was going to Canada without a Pass.

To John Baptijla van Bps, his Executors, or Assigns, the Suni of Ten

Pounds, Ten Shillings, for the full Discharge of One Warrant, drawn by my Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Second Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and two, payable to the said Baptijta van Eps, or Order, in full for his Journey to Onnondage with RobertLivingflon junior.

To John Bachand, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Eighteen Pounds,

Five Shilling Shillings, and Three Pence, for the full Discharge of one Account, dated the Fourteenth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and twelve, the total Amount of the said Account being Twenty nine Pounds.

To Captain Roger Barton, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the Suni of Eighteen Pounds, Eight Shillings, being what remains due to him for his Service as Captain of a Company of Volunteers under the Command of Colonel Peter Schuyler, on the Expedition against Cana, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and nine; and to the several Officers and Soldiers belonging to the Company then under his Command, their Executors or Assigns respectively, the Sum of One hundred forty one Pounds, Eleven Shillings, in such Proportions to each of the said Persons, their Executors, or Assigns, as is ascertained in a List sign’d by the Speaker of the General Assembly of this Colony, and lodged in the Hands of the Treasurer of the same.

To the Executors of Captain George Loc, or their Assigns, the Sum of One hundred and eleven Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, being what remains due of to him for his Service as Captain of a Troop on the Expedition to , in the Years One thousand six hundred eighty and seven, and One thousand six hundred eighty and eighty and to the several Officers and Soldiers then under his . Command, their Executors or Assigns respectively, the Sum of Seven hundred and sevenreen Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and Two Pence Three Farthings, in - such Proportion to each of the said Persons, their Executors or Assigns, as is ascertained in a List sign’d by the Speaker of the General Assembly of this Colony, and lodged in the Hands of the Treasurer of the fame#

To

i72

Anno Regni Decitno Annae Regina.

To Man Tuder, Widow of Captain , her Executors, or Assigns,

the Sum of Twenty nine Pounds, Three Shillings, and Three Farthings, being what remains due to her late Husband for his Service as Captain of a Company on the Expedition to Albany, in the Years One thousand six hundred eighty seven, and One thousand six hundred eighty eight > and to the several Officers and Soldiers then under his Command, their Executors, or Assigns respectively, the Sum of Eighty three Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Three Pence Farthing, in such Proportion to each of the said Persons, their Executors, or Assigns, as is ascertained in a List sign’d by the Speaker of the General Assembly of this Colony, and lodged in the Hands of the Treasurer of the same.

To Colonel John Jackson, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Fifty two Pounds, Twelve Shillings, Four Pence Three Farthings, being what remains due to him for his Service as Captain of a Company on the Expedition to Albany, in the Years One thousand six hundred eighty seven, and One thousand six hundred eighty and eight; and to the several Officers and Soldiers then under his Command, their Executors, or Assigns respectively, the Sum of One hundred twenty six Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Six Pence Farthing, in such Proportion to each of the said Persons, their Executors, or Assigns, as is ascertained in a List sign’d by the Speaker of the General Assembly of this Colony, and lodged in the Hands of the Treasurer of the lame.

, T° the Executors of Captain Thomas , or their Assigns, the Sum of

Fifty five Pounds, being what remains due to him for his Service as Captain of a Company on the Expedition to Albany, in the Years One thousand six hundred eighty seven, and One thousand six hundred eighty and eight; and to the several Officers and Soldiers then under his Command, the Sum of One hundred and sixteen Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and Six Pence, in such Proportion to each of the said Persons, their Executors or Assigns, as is ascertained in a List sign’d by the Speaker aforesaid, and lodged in the Hands of the Treasurer aforesaid.

To Captain Thomas Highy, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Ninety six Pounds, Three Shillings, being what remains due to him for his Service as Captain of a Company on the Frontiers, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and fivej and to the several Officers and Soldiers then under his Command, the Sum of Two hundred and fifteen Pounds, Two Shillings, and Ten Pence Three Farthings, in such Proportion to each of the said Persons, their Executors or Assigns, as is ascertained in a List sign’d by the Speaker aforesaid, and lodged With the Treasurer aforesaid.

To Captain John D'Honeur, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Eighteen Pounds, Eight Shillings, being what remains due to him for his Service as Captain of a Company on the Expedition against Canada; and to the several Officers and Soldiers then under his Command, the Sum of Sixty (even Pounds, Four Shillings, and Three Pence, to be paid in such Proportion to each of the said Persons, their Executors or Assigns, as is ascertained in a List sign’d by the Speaker aforesaid, and lodged with the Treasurer aforesaid.

To Lieutenant Daniel Sayer, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Seven Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, being what remains due to him for his Service as Lieutenant of the Company under the Command of Colonel Peter Schuyler on the Expedition to Canada in the Year One thousand seven hundred and nine j and to the several Officers and Soldiers then under the Command of the said Schuyler, belonging to the County of Suffolk^ the Sum of Two hundred forty one Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Four Pence, to be paid in such Proportion to each of the said Persons, their Executors, or Assigns, as is ascertained in a List sign’d by the Speaker aforesaid, and lodged with the Treasurer aforesaid.

To

I

4nno Regtti Dmmo Jertio Arinae Regina. 173

To Capt^n Weffell Tetybroke ot'(Aftery his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of $ixfeen Pounds, Six Shillings, being what remains' Hue to him for his Service 3$ Captain.of a Company on the Expedition against Canada and to the'federal Officers and Soldiers then under his Command, the Sum of Ohfe huhdrdchfha

(eight Pound^j . Ten Shillings, to be paid in such; Proportion to each of the isaid Persons^. theix Exeaitprsi pr, yVflign^was is ascertained in a List sign’d by ii&fc Speaker aforesaid, and lq$gcdwith,tfte Treasurer aforesaid;. orb

To Captain Weffell Tenbroke of Albany, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Eighteen Pounds, Fo^rSlullings, being what remains due to him for his Service :as Captair); of,a^C9mpany on* the Expedition againstj and to the feveril 'Queers an^Solffiexs then under his Command, the Sum of One hundred seven*-ty six Pounds, One. ^hilling,-and Ten Pence, to.be( paid in such Proportion to .each of t^e . laid Perfpps,theiE Exeeprors, or Assigns, as is ascertained in a List $gn’d by the Weaker aforesaid, an4 lodged with the Treasurelr aforesaid. f 7*

,-To Captain Cornelius Wiltett,his Executors, or Assigns,; the Sum of Eight founds, Eight Shillings, being whatremains due tohim for his Service as .Caw-tain of t . Company on jthe Expedition against Canada > and to the several Qm-l cers arid Soldiers then under his Command, the Sum of One hundred fevdntry four Pounds, Thirteen-Shillings, and Eight Pence, to be paid in such Proportion to each of the said flerfonsj their Executors,or Assigns,! as is ascertained in a, Lift; figo’d by the Speaker aforesaid, and lodged wkh the Treasurer aforesaid.: : .; JL• ... '

', To Captain Johannes Senders Gkn> his Executors, or AssignS, the Sutri of Eighteen Pounds, Four Shillings, being what remains due. to him for his Service as Captain of a‘ Company on the Expedition against Canada's and to the several Officers and Solfliers then under his Command, the Sum of One‘hundred seventy four Pounds,! , Seven-Shillings, to be paid in such Proportion to each of the said Personfo their Executors, or Assigns, as is ascertained in a List sign’d by the Speaker aforesaid, and lodged with the Treasurer aforesaid.;

To Captain John Addetley^ his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twelve Pounds, Twelve Shillings, being jvhat remains due for i his Service as Captain of a Company on the Expedition against Canada^ in: the Year One? thousand seven hundred and nine; and to the several Officers and Soldiers then under his Command/, the Sum of Sixty one Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and Six Pence^ to be paid in such proportion to each of the said Persons, their Executors, or Assigns, as i$ ascertained in a List sign’d by the Speaker aforesaid^ and lodged with the Treasurer aforesaid.

, To Colonel Veter Schuyler his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Forty fiver Pounds, Ten Shillings, being what remains due to him as Colonel of a Regi-» pient on the Expedition against Canada.,.

To Abraham Stoats, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Thirteen Pptmds,

Seven Shillings, and Nine . Pence,; being what remains due to him as a Surgeon on the Expedition in the Year One thousand seven hundred and nine. ' f , To Captain Nicholas Fienoven, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, for the full Discharge of a-Demand made by the said , for Piloting the Hunter Galley on a Cruize against a French Privateer.

To Jacobus Wyngaert^his; Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Six Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Three Pence, for the foil Discharge of an Account, by which is demanded the Sum of Seven Pounds, Ten Shillings, foe the said Wyn-gaert'sService as an Out-scout. - -7 -•

To Mr. Bemardus Freemant his Executors, or Assigns, the -Sum of One hundred and twelve Pounds, Ten Shillings, for the foil Discharge of an Account brought in by the said Freeman, demanding the Sum of Two hundred twenty-five Pounds, for Instructing the Five Nations of Indians in the Christiaa Faith.

Xr To

*74

Anno Regni Dechno Twtio Annie

i T-ista

> To John he Chewier, his Executors, or Assigns>' the! Sum of1 Twenty fom: Pounds, Five Shillings, and Three Pence, ibr the full Discharge of'an'Accotmt by him brought in for Joyner’? Work, demanding the.Sun* of Forty. dgHt founds, Ten Shillings,'and Six Pence. : ;r* 1

’• To Veter Germoy,his Executors, or AHigns,the SUhi of Ftforf'cfohds, Tdft

Shillings, for the fill Discharge of an Account brought rp by hirp, demanding the Sum of Six Pounds, for Carpenter’s Work, in Fmifcing the1 Fort at Wood*-inreek w.

To Henry Swift, his Executors, Or Assigns, the Surti of Thirty Potindi, Three Shillings, and Nine Pence, for the full Discharge of ah Account brought in by him, demanding the Sum of Thirty four Pounds, Ten Shillings, for Victualling of Indians, and Provisions, when going tarheCamp. — 1

To Daniel Ebbttr, his Executors,’ or Amgns, the Sum of One hundred twen-

ty four Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Six Pence,; fof the foil Discharge of ah Account brought ip by him,) demanding the Sunt 'bf dfte hundred sixty six Pounds, Two Shillings, ahd-One,Peny iHalf'pehy, for'^atefial^:jprdvided ‘by him, and the Wages of Masons and Labourers for Repairing Her MajestyV Fort

ytNeito-Tcrk:! s.w '•; • '

- Tv Rip Van Dam Esqj his Executor or Alligns, the Sum of Ttyb hundred and eighteen Pounds, Fifteen, Shillings, for the Use of himself apd thfe rest of the Commissioners appointed for- the Stating -of the PuHick Accounts' in the Years One thousand seven hundred, and One thousand seven hundred aftd ope; and forthefoll Discharge for that Service, for which, by an Account brought in by the said Van Dam, the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pound's 1$ demand^ ed of this Colony.

Tot Colonel Thosnas Willett, his Executors, or Afltgfts, the Sum of One hundred forty seven Pouqds, Three Shillings, and; Six Pence, for the foil Discharge of an Account and Demand made by him of One hundred sixty eight Pounds, Four Shillings, for Two, hundred ninety seven Days Service^ performed by him in the Expedition to Albany, from the Fifth Day of One thousand six hundred eighty seven, to the Twenty eighth Day of Julj9 One thousand six hundred eighty and eight, as Majol of the Troops bn that

Service. 

, To Robert Livingfion Senior, his Executors, or Ajffigns, the Sum qF Thred

hundred sixty .two. Pounds, Sixteen Shilling^ and Threfc Pence, For the foil Discharge of an Account and Demand made by him Of One thousand nine hun* ared seventy three Pounds, Three Shillings, and One Peny Three Earthings, of which the Sum of One thousand four hundred and thirty Pounds was. demand-: ed for his Salary as Secretary of the Indian Affairsj the Sum of One hundred and fifteen Pounds, Two Shillings, and Seven Pence, 'Goods taken Up frorri fom by Order of Captain Jacob Eeifler, and the Remainder for sundry Disburse-tnents made by him for the Ufa of this Government.

To Captain Fhilip Schuyler, his Executors, otAfligfis, the Sum of Thirty fivd Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Eleven Pence, for me fell Discharge of Twq Accounts brought in by the said Schuyler; demanding the Sum of Forty Pounds, Nineteen Shillings, and Three Pence, for Transporting of divers Necessaries for the Garrison of Schenectady, and divers Disbunements made for the Use of the lame.

To Amout Vielle, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Onefoundred and tight Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Eight Pence Halft-peny, for the foil DiA charge of One Account brought in by him, demanding the Sum of One hundred twenty four Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Eight Pence, for Services done by? by him as Gommhfiotied interpreter and Agent for the Government to the Indians. 

To

Amo Regn't Dechno Tertio Ann* Regina. 175

To Abraham Prroooojll, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Seventeen. Pounds, and Four PenCe Half-peny, for the full Discharge of an Account brought in by the said Prwoofl* demanding the Sum of Twenty thfee Pounds, and Nine Shillings, for Transporting Boards, Soldiers, and Turf, by Order of the Government. "

' To Jacob SchermerhooM) and Marta Van Dyck> their Executors, or Aligns, each of them, the Sum of Seven Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, for the full Discharge of an Account brought in by him, by which is demanded the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and Eight Shillings* for Sixty eight Days Service, as Surgeon to the Forces raised in this Colony for the Expedition against Canada.;

1. ToXMnc&\ Abraham De Peyfter, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of One hundred ninety nine Pounds, nineteen Shillings, and Six Pence,' for the fullDif- charge of an Account brought in by him, in which is demanded the Sum of Two Ruhdred Pounds* for Money advanced by him for the Beginning the Port at Albany : . u •.

To Herman Schuneman, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Three Pounds, and Teh Shillings, for the full Discharge of an Account brought in by him, demanding foe Sum of Three Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, for Fifty two Days Set- vice over and above the Ninety Days fixt by an Act of General Assembly*

To Samuel ClovdeSj his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, for the fodl Discharge of Maintaining an Indian Interpreter j tire other part of his Accounc for Laying out Forts, and Protracting a large Continent of Land, being d&Uowed. -

To Johannes Mynderfe, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum; of Three Pounds,

Fifteen Shillings, and Ten Pence Three Farthings, for the full Discharge of an Account bfought in by him, demanding the Sum of Four Pounds* Six Shillings, and Nine Pence, for ton and Work done for the Use of the Fort at .;

To Abraham Stoats Surgeon, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, for the full Discharge of an Account feftt in by him, certified by Colonel Peter and John Schuyler, in which is demanded the Sum of Thirty eighf Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, for having served in the Station Of Surgeon in the Two Companies of the said Peter and John Schuyler.

To the Executor of William Detnyer deceased, or his Assigns, the Sum of Sixteen Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Nine Pence Half-peny, for the,full Discharge of ah Account brought in by him, by which is demanded the Sum of Nineteen Pounds, Six Shillings, and One Peny, for a Journey to the Mmrffink and Shawanonk Indians* ‘; ’

1 To. Colonel Caleb Heathcote and Ccdonel Gerrardus Beehnan^ their Executors,-or Assigns, Or either of them, the Sum of Eighty five Pounds, Five Shillings, being what was demanded by them for Monies expended for the Publick Credit and Service of this Colony. ’

To Derick Valke, his Executors, or Assigns, th6 Sum of Six Pounds, Four Shillings, and Nine Pence, for his Service as Store-keeper on foe Expedition againfoGwWrf.

To Benjatnin Vandewaier^ his Executors, or Assigns, the Sufn of Twelve Pounds, for his Services in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety, and One thousand six hundred ninety and one. Oil the Frontiers at Albany.

To Paul t)mleti his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Seven Pounds, Ten

Shillings, for the foil Discharge of an Account and Demand made by him of Fifteen Pounds, for several Goods taken from him by Order of Captain JLeifler aforesaid, for the Publick Service of this Colony.

To the Executors of Robert Saunders, or their Assigns, the Sum of Forty three Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Three Pence, for the full Discharge of an Account and Demand made by him of Eighty six Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, and Six Pence, for Three Joumies to Onnondagand Sundries delivered to me Indians, for the Publick Service.

To

ooooie

iy 6

Anno Regni Decimo T Annae Rvgnus.

To Ahamerus Hendricks, his Executors, or Alfigris, the Sum of Twenty seven

Pounds, Two Shillings, and Six Pence, for the full Discharge of an Account and Demand made by him of Fifty four Pounds, Five Siiillings, for Wine taken by him by Order of JacobLeijler aforesaid, for the Publick Service of this Colony. :c,' •

To the Widow Elizabeth Jourden^ her Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty five Pounds, for Lodging of Soldiers, and Entertaining the Geb&lemen of Her Majesty's Council, when met at her House on the Affairs of the lase Expedition again & Canada,a Claim of Thirty four Pounds, Four Shillings, and Three Pence, made by her, over and above the Sum aforesaid, .being,due from the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of New-Tcrk; .which Demand the fiid Jourden is not debarred or precluded by this Act from' making of or:receiving{ from the said Mayor and Aldermen at any time hereafter. . •’ '-to -

To Lieutenant Henry Holland, his Executors, or Assigns, rthe Sumrofi Twenty five Pounds, in full Payment for Service .done by him on the Frontiers, at Albany.

To Charles Oliver>his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twelve Pounds* Teh Shillings, in foil Payment for Fire-wooa and Candles found by him for an Officer at Albany.

To the Executors of John D'Brown, or their Assigns, the Sum Of Sixty ieven

Pounds, Three Shillings, and One Peny, for the full Discharge o£attt;Accbun$ and Demand made by them of One hundred , thirty four Pounds, :SwJ5hihing$^ and Two Pence, being for fondry Goods delivered by Order of Captain aforesaid, for the Publick Service of this Colony. ' 5 s

• TO Arthur Chandler senior, and Arthur Chandler junior, each of them,' or each of their Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Five Pounds,Five Shillings, btk^; wfiat remains due to them for their Service on the late Expedition against Canada. -To John Willman, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Five Pounds, ,Twel ve Shillings,being what remained due to him for his Service bh the lateExpeditioil against, Canada.

: To Daniel Hildreth^ his Executors, or ’Assigns, the Sum of Five founds, Twelve Shillings, being what remains due to him for his Service on the late Expedition against Canada.

To James Harris, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Five Pounds, Twelve Shillings, being what remains due to him for his Service on the late Expedition against Canada.

To Isaac De Peyjler, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Four Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, for the foil Discharge of an Account and Demand made by him of Nine Pounds, Ten Shillings, and One Peny, being for fondry Goods delivered by him to the Order, of Captain Leijaforesaid, for the Publick Service of this Colony.

To Captain Johannes Sanders Glen, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Thirty five Pounds, Eight Shillings, and Eight Pence, for. the foil. Discharge of One Account brought in by him, demanding the Sum of Forty Pounds, Nine Shillings, arid Eleven Pence, for Money expended in Repairing the Fort at vetfady, '

To Colonel Peter Matthews, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, for the foil Discharge of an Account amounting to the Sum. of Fifty Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, for the Entertaining Two Officers, a Priest* and an Interpreter, at the House of John , and paid for by the said Mat* thews.

To Francis Winne^ his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Six Pounds, Three Shillings^ and Four Pence Half*peny, for the foil Discharge of an Account, by which is claimed the Sum of Seven Pounds, One Shilling, for the Pallage of Forty seven Men from Albany to New-York.

To

*77

Anno RegniDechno T in* r.

To Cornelius and Martin Van Alftein, their Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty two Pounds, for the full Discharge for the Cutting and Carrying down the Stream in the County of Albany, Six hundred Stockadoes, for the Fortification of the City of Nem-York.

To Jurian Claw, his Executors, or Assigns, on the fame Account of Stockadoes, the Sum of Twenty two Pounds, for the full Discharge of the same.

To Colonel Peter Schuyler, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Fourteert Pounds, for the full Discharge of an Account, by which is demanded the Sum of Sixteen Pounds, on Account of Arrears due to him out of the several Divisions of the Additional Duty laid and made in the Year One thousand six hundred ninety fix.

To Major Myndert Schuyler, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum Of Fifty three Pounds, Four Shillings, and Ten Pence Half-peny, for the full Discharge of an Account brought in by him, by which is claimed a Balance of Sixty Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Ten Pence Three Farthings, for Repairs or the Fort at Albany, by sundry Persons in October and November, One thousand seven hundred and eleven, the Fifty three Pounds abovesaid being for the Use of the sundry Persons employed in the said Repairs, or their Executors, or Assigns, who are to make Oath as in this Act is afterwards directed, and to the said Schuyler, the Sum of Seventy Pounds, Nineteen Shillings, for the full Discharge of the Demand made by the said Schuyler on the behalf of Fifty Persons, employed in bringing down the Stores from the Camp at

To George Clarke Esq; his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Two hundred ninety six Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, Six Pence, the Sum of Twenty1 five Pounds, Twelve Shillings, Six Pence, being for the full Discharge of Four Warrants i Two drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated, the Thirtieth of September, One thousand seven hundred and eight,- and Two by Lord

dated the Thirteenth of January, in the same Year, payable to the said George Clarke, for his Salary as Clerk of the Council, and Secretary of this Colony: And the Sum of Two hundred seventy one .Pounds, Five Shillings, for the full Discharge of an Account brought in by the said Garke, the Balance of which being Fiverhundred twenty two Pounds,Eight Shillings, claimed by the said Garke, for his Salary as Secretary and Clerk of the Council, and Incidents of his laid Office, Ingrossing Acts of Assembly, and Tranfcribing Minutes of Council, r To William Nicoll Esq; his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Four hundred •and fifty Pounds, for the full Discharge of an Account brought in by him for his Charge and Expences when employed by this Colony to be an Agent in the fpourt of England* .

To Lawrence Clawfen, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, Nineteen ^hillings, and Four Pence Half peny, for the fall Discharge of an Account brought in by him, demanding the Sum of Eighteen Pounds, Five Shillings, for his Service irn the Indian Country.

To Andrep) Nock, and Garratt Roloffe,the Sum of Eighteen. Pounds Thir-

teen Shillings, for the fall Discharge. of One hundred thirty one Days Pa,y,.as cf^imed by them in their. Account.

To Parent Stoats,his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty six Pounds^ Four Shillings, for the fall Discharge of an Account brought in by the said Staats, for One hundred thirty one Days Seryice, as aforesaid.

To Major John Schuyler, Hermanus W, and Lawrence their 'Executors, 'or Assigns, the Sum of Forty two Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Six Pence, for their Service in the Expedition against Canada, over and above the Ninety Days fixt by an Act of Assembly. < i . > 1 , \

To Lieutenant David Schuylerhis Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of TjWflye

Pounds, Twelve Shillings, for the .foil Discharge and Payment of the &id Schuyler, for Seventy one Days Service done by him, as aforesaid.

•jY y To

178

Amo Regtn DecbnoTertio At

To the Executors' of Gabriel Thomson, or their Assigns, the Sum of Sixteen Pounds, Twelve Shillings, for the full Discharge of One Warrant, drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Fourteenth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and two, payable to the said for his Salary, House-

Rent, Fire, and Candles, during the Sitting of the General Assembly.

To the Executors of John De Peyjler, or their Assigns, the Sum of Fout Pence, for the full Discharge of One Warrant, drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid,1 dated the Twenty ninth Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and two, payable to the said De Peyfiet, for a Quarter’s Salary as Surveyor of the Customs.

To Robert Crannell, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Five Pounds, Twelve Shillings, Six Pence, for the full Discharge of all Warrants yet unpaid and made payable to him as Marshal to the Court of Admiralty, or Cockswain of the Barge’s Crew.

To Rip Van Dam Esq; his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Forty seven Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and One Peny Half-peny, for the full Discharge of Three Warrants, drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Twentieth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and six, and the Eighteenth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and six, and the Nineteenth Day of One thousand seven hundred and three, payable to Jacobus Van , or Order, for his Salary as Surgeon to Her Majesty s Forces at Schenectady.

To Robert Livingfion senior, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Thirty

seven Pounds, Ten Shillings, for the foil Discharge of One Warrant, drawn by the Earl of Bellomnt the Third Day of One thousand seven hundred, payable to the said Livingftoni for providing Four hundred Wheel* barrows*

- To the Executors of John Abeel, or their Assigns, the Sum of Seven Pounds Ten Shillings, for the foil Discharge of One Warrant, dated the Twenty fourth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and four, payable to the said

Abeel, or Order, for divers Incidents found and provided for the Garrisons at Albany.

To Henry Van Dyke, his Executors or Assigns, the Sum of Fifty two Pounds, Ten Shillings, for the full Discharge of Five Warrants, drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid; Two dated the Eighteenth of Jufyt and the Eighteenth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and six; Three the Twenty first Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and eight, payable to the said Henry Van Dyke, for his Salary as Surgeon to Her Majesty's Independent Company of Fuzileers. > < e

To Jacob Stoats, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of One hundred and five Pounds, for the foil Discharge of Seven Warrants ; One drawn by the Earl of BeUomont, dated the Twenty third Day of October, One thousand seven hundred; and One by Captain Nanfan, dated the Nineteenth Day-of J

One thousand seven hundred and one; Five drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid^ One dated the Tenth Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and two; One dated the Nineteenth Day of Octobe One thoefend seven hundred and three; One the Twentieth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and four; One the Seventh Day of March, One thousand seven hundred/and five; One the Eighth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and seven; all payable to the said Stoats, for his Salary as Surgeon to Her Majesty's Established Companies at Albany.

To Colonel Abraham De Peyfier, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Forty five Pounds, for the foil Discharge of One Warraftt; drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the First Day of May, One thousatitl seven hundred and two, payable to the said De Peyfier for One Pipe of Wine given to the Soldiers, and Two Pipes of Wine, and One Barrel of Beer, laid in by him against the Arrival of the said Lord Cornbury. .G M' ,J -

To

Amtp Regnt Dechno Tcriio Aimx Rqgifog. 179

To Stephen Delaney, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Thirty three

Pounds, Six Shillings, and Eight Pence, for the full Discharge of One Warrant, drawn by Captain John Ncufan, dated the Twenty second Day of

One thousand seven hundred and one, payable to Van Gntlandt, for

Auditing the Publick Accounts of this Colony.

To Jacobus Van Dyke, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty seven Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Four Pence, for the full Discharge of Two Warrants, drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Fourteenth Day of Qtfober,

One thousand seven hundred and eight, payable to the said Van Dyke as Surgeon of Her Majesty's Forces garrisoned in the Fort of Schenectady.

To the Administrators of Peter De Lanoi, or their Assigns, the Sum of One hundred and thirty Pounds, Three Shillings, and Three Pence Three Farthings, for the full Discharge of an Account, amounting to the Sum of Five hundred and twenty Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, and Three Pence, claimed as a Balance due from this Colony to the said De Lanoi.

To MaryGanfvoort, her Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Fifty four Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Seven Pence, in fall for Sixty two Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, and Five Pence, claimed by the said to be due to her

Husband Hermanus Ganfvoort, for which there appears a Certificate under the

Hand of Peter De Lanoi deceased.

To Henry Swift, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Forty Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Six Pence Three Farthings, for a Dinner provided by him on the Arrival of Lord Lovelace.

To Leonard Hygen Deklyne, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twelve

Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Four Pence, for the fall Discharge of an Account, whereby Fourteen Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, and One Peny Half-peny is demanded for Provisions, and other things, fumished by him for fab-lifting the Garrison at Albany in the Years One thousand six hundred and ninety, and One thousand six hundred ninety and one.

To Colonel Gerrardus Beekman, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Sixty one Pounds, Eleven Shillings, for the fall Discharge of an Account, wherein is demanded the Sum of Seventy Pounds, Six Shillings, and Eleven Pepce, for what the said Beekman advanced to fandry Persons lent by Captain Liefltr as Volunteers to guard the Frontiers at Albany.

To Charlotte Lady Lovelace,her Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Two

hundred seventy five Pounds, for the fall Discharge of the remaining Part of what was voted by the General Assembly of this Colony in May, One thousand jevenhundred ana nine.

To Jacob Phanix, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twelve Pounds, and Seven Pence Half-peny, for the fall Discharge of an Account, by which is claimed the Sum of Thirteen Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, for Tianiporting 9f Forces and Provisions for the Security and Suhfistence of the Frontier Garrison^.

To the Executors of John Abeel, or their Assigns, the Sum of Sixty one Pounds, Three Shillings, and Eleven Pence, for the fall Discharge of an Account, wherein is demanded the Sum of Eighty nine Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Eleven Pence Half-peny, for fandry Disbursements for the Service of this Colony, and for Transporting Captain Congreve and his Detachment to Albany and back again, and for a Voyage to

To‘Captain Wejfell Tenbroke, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Fifty

seven Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, for the fall Discharge of an Account sent fit by him, claiming the Sum of Sixty five Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Nine Pence, for Lime provided by John Abeel, for Her Majesty's Fort at Albftny.

To Captain Philip Schuyler, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, for Forty Barrels of Flour taken from him by Order,of Capt Leijler, in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety.

To

Anno Regni DechnoTertto Annae Regina.

l8o

To Barent Rynders, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty two

Pounds, Four Shillings, and Four Pence Halfpeny, for providing Sundries for His Majesty's Fort Boat-Tatch by Order of Captain Jacob for which the

Sum of Forty four Pounds, Eight Shillings, and Nine Pence was claimed of this Colony.

To Anne Gratienraedt, her Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty seven

Pounds, Three Shillings, and Nine Pence, for the lull Discharge and Payment for Goods and Pork sold to Peter De Lanoi, as by an Account appears, the Balance of which amounting to Fifty four Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Six Pence, was demanded of this Colony.

To Nanning Harmenfe and Frederick , their Executors, or Assigns,

the Sum of Twenty Pounds, Five Shillings, for having Transported to and from

Albanyfeveral Soldiers, Provisions, and other Commodities, in the Years One thousand six hundred eighty nine, and One thousand six hundred and ninety, by Order of Captain Jacob Leijler.

To Johannes Cuyler, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Eighty one Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Ten Pence Three Farthings, for the full Discharge of an Account brought in by the said Cuyler, by which is demanded the Sum of Ninety three Pounds, and Five Pence, for Boards, Pease, and fondry Merchandizes, and Sums of Money advanced by Order and for the Service of the Government, from the Year One thousand six hundred eighty nine, to the Year One thousand six hundred ninety and one. f

To the Executors of Colonel William , or his Assigns, the Sum of

Forty two Pounds, Two Shillings, and Two Pence Half-peny, for the full Discharge and Payment of an Account, by which is demanded the Sum of Forty eight Pounds, Two Shillings, and Six Pence, for Five hundred and fifty. Tons of Lime, delivered in One thousand seven hundred and three;, for the Fort at Albany.

To Robert Lhingston junior, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Thirty

six Pounds, Ten Shillings, for his Service .as. Store-keeper of Her Majesty's Gar-tison at Albany.

To Peter Vanbrough, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty Pounds* for his Journey to Maryland by Order of Captain Leijler, then Commander in Chief to give an Account that the French and Indians were gone to attack some part of that Government.

To Deborah Fielding, her Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty fivt Pounds, for Services done by heir late Husband. , o.;. r . To Jacob Leijler, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sumof Two thousand and twenty five Pounds, for the foil Discharge and Payment of a Demand made by the said Leijler, claiming of this Colony, the Sum of Two thousand seven hundred Pounds, for divers Disbursements and Supplies to support the Govem,-ment of this Colony, and other Charges and Expences disbursed by his. Father in the late happy Resolution.

To John Baptijla Van Eps, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Sixteep Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, and Nine Pence, in foil for his Service and Ex,-

• fences in Quality of Interpreter to the I,. and for his Service -when fern

to Boffon i for all which Services, by an Account given in, .he has .claimed the

Sum of Fifty four Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, and Six Pence.

To Robert Lhingston junior, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty

• eight Pounds, and Three Pence Farthing, for his Service in taking an Account of the Stone and Lime delivered for the Building of the new Fort ,at Albany, the Carting, Masons, and other Labourers Work done from the Seventeenth Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and two, to the First day of

&r, vOne thousand seven hundred and three* ,

- / 1 ,

- " ' " ‘ To

Anno Regni DeciqicKTertio Annas Reginas. 81

To Afiqnue Wendell, her Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty three Pounds, Ten: Shillings, and Four Pence Half-peny, for the full Discharge an Account^.toe Balance of which amounts to Forty seven Pounds, and Nine Pence, claimed for fondry Commodities advanced by Order and for die Service of this Colony. '

To Major. MynderS Schuyler,his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of One hundred forty four Pounds, Ten Shillings, and Seven Pence Half-peny, fortfte ,XJfe of several Persons, each of their Executors, or Assigns, according to .a List 'sign’d by, the $peakerrof the General Affejnbly of this Colony, and lodged &i the Hands of the Treasurer of the fame; being for the full Discharge or Twb «Account^, foe Balance of One being pony Pounds, claimed for'Building, aihew 'BLock-houfo -at Albany, the other being the Sijm of One hundred forty six Pounds,

and Ten P'ence Half-peny, claimed, for the Remainder of a Debt in the City and County of Albany, for. Carrying up Provision, &c. on the Expedition again# Canada.

• To Major- Anthony Brockholds and, Captain Lancaster their Executors,

or Assigns, foe. Sum of Ninety Pounds, for Seventy two Barrels of Pork taken from James. Larkan. and Major Rrochholdsin the Year One thousand fix Hun-jfoed and ninety, by Qrd^r of Captain Leijler.

To Barjfybmew L&ou#, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sunt of Six Pounds,

Ton Shillings,; for the full Discharge of an Account, amounting to Thirteen founds, Ic&imed for Pork and Beef taken from him in the Year Onethotifand six hundred and ninety, and Ingraving a Publick Seal.

4 To Neltie Jenyke, her Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings^ for the full Payment of Freight for sundry Commodities and Ne?-ceflaries carried to Albany in the Year One thousand seven hundred and two, for which, was, demanded the Sum of Eleven Pounds, Three Shillings, and .Three Pence. . .; J ’:../

To Da^id Schuyler, his Executors or Assigns, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds

Fifteen Shillings, for the full-Discharge of a Demand made by him of the Sum of Eighteen Pounds, for his Journey to Onnondage, under the Command of Colonel Schuyler, when Chevalier Daw ana Four other were

'taken......... . 1

'To Henry Renjlaer Esq; his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Thirty Pounds,

Eighteen Shillings, and Eight Pence, for the foil Discharge of an Account by Jlim brought,' in which is claimed the Sum of Forty three Pounds, Ten Shillings, for Lime and Pitch Pine Boards. '

To jfohahnes Hybon,his Executors, or Assigns, die Sum of Three Pounds,

Three Shillings, and Eleven Pence Half-peny, in full for Materials found and provided by jum for the Repairs of Her Majesty's Fort Anne, for which the Sum of Six Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Eleven Pence, was demanded by the said Hybon.

To Jonas Dow Esq; his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Thirty six Pounds,

Right Shillings, in soli.for Eight hundred thirty two Tons of Lime, tifed towards Building Fort Anne.in Albany.

.. To Captain fibenezer Wilson,his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Forty seven Pounds, for the full Dischargejdf an Account and Demand made by him of Ninety foiir Pounds, for Timber,; . Stone, Bricks, Lime, and junck. i

, To Japie Hardenberg, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty five Pounds, Five. Shillings, for the foil Discharge of an Account and Demand mad<$

By him of Fifty Pounds, Ten Shillings, for Sundries said to be delivered to -Captain Jacob Leijler for foe Publick Service. i. -

To John Barbarie,fois Executory, or Assigns, the Sum of Forty fix Pound?,

Three Shillings, and Seven Pence Half-peny, for the; full Discharge of an Account and Demand made By him of Ninety two Pounds, Seven Shillings,: and One Peny, for sundry Goods delivered Captain aforesaid,’ for the Publick Service.

1 z To

182

Ml

jtwto Regni Decmio Tertto Annae Regina.

To the Executors of Miles Foster, or their Assigns, the Sum of Thirty eight Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, and One Peny Half-peny, for die foU Discharge Of an Account and Demand nude by them of die Sum of Seventy seven Pounds Ten Shillings, and Three Pence,.for fwndry Goods taken fromriie said Foftbr by Order of Leister aforesaid.

To Colonel Jacob Rutfen and Colonel Henry Beebman, their Executors, cm* Assigns, in Tim for die Inhabitants of the County of the(Som of Three

Imhdred and fifteen Pounds, Two Sellings, for the Tull Discharge of fevetal Services done by die Militia of the County of , in Marching to aflHl the frontiers. • I; ■' v : J : n

■ To Chrijhpher Denne, his Executors, for Assigns,' the Sum of One hundred Pounds, for the full Discharge of an Account and Demand made by him of the Shm of Two hundred seventy two Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, for Material's provided. Work done, and Wages paid to Workmen for Buildings and Repairs in and about the Fort.

To Cathimm Rut&efs, her Executors* or Assigns, the Sum of Nine Pounds,

Seven Shillings, and Ten Pence Half-peny, for the fulfDischarge of an Account and Demand made by her of Thirty (even Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Siic Pence, for Beer delivered to the Forces at Albany in tlfo Yeari One thousltnd £x hundred and ninety, and One thousand six hundred and ninety one*

> To Rip'Van Dam Esq; his Executors, or Assigns, ^hei,Sum or Eight Poimdk, and Six Pence Three Farthings, for the foil Discharge of an Atcourtt and Demand made by him of Nine Pounds, Three Shillings, and Six Pence, for hik Disbursements on the Expedition to Canada; and the Sum of Forty Pounds, for Pictures fold for the Use of the General Assembly.' J

T o Cornelius Vander Hoof) his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Sixteen Pound's^ Thirteen Shillings, and Four Pence, for the foil Payment of a House of the said Van Hoof s, pulled down by Order of the Mayor and Aldermen ar Albany, for the better Defence of that Frontier.

( To George Clarke Esqj his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Fifty three Pounds, Two Shillings, being an Addition to what is before in this Act allowed the said Clarke, being for Incidents of his Office, Ingrossing Acts of Assembly, and Transcribing Minutes of Council.

- To Johanna Van Strye, Executrix of ,her Executors, or A(-signs, the Sum of Sixty six Pounds, Eight Shillings, for the foil Discharge of ah Account and Demand made, by her of One hunched' thirty six Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, for Service of the said Barrat L, as Captain at Albany to the Years One thousand six hundred eighty nine, and One thousand six hundred and ninety, and for sundry Goods delivered to Peter Btgardus for the Publick Service.

- To Cornelius Pot, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Five Pounds, Fivi Shillings, for his being lent Express from Many to New-York and back again1, for the Publick Service.

To the Executors of Anna Van Scaick, or their Assigns, the Sum of Twenty seven Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Six Pence, for the foil Discharge of an Account and Demand made by them of Fifty four Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, for Goods taken in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety, by Order of Captain Leifkraforesaid,- for the Use of the Government.

To the Executors of John Abed, or their Assigns, the Sum of Thirteen Pounds, One Shilling, and Eight Pence Farthing, •viz. the Sum of Seven Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Two Pence Farthing, for the foil Discharge of an Account and Demand of Sixteen Pounds, Nine Shillings, aijd. Seven Pence Half-peny, for Lime delivered, and Work done to the Building ‘ of ff er Majesty's Fort Anne at Albany; and the Sum of Five Pounds, Ten Shillings’, andr Six Pence, for the foil Discharge of an Account and Demand of Eleven Pounds, One Shilling^ for Sundries delivered to the French Meflerigers and their Servants by Ordef

from the Commissioners of the Indian Affairs. -

- To

Anno Regni Deems Tertis Annse JReghbe. 183

To John Beckman, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Two Pounds,

Twelve Shillings, and-Six Pence, for the Passage and Provisions for Seventeen Mwffom toeW'-T()rkxQEftpu*. i

To GaMelLehten, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of One hundred ahd

four Pounds, Nine SluHrags, and Ten Pence Halfpehy, for the foil Difchfaqga ■of an Account and Demand of Two hundred and eight Pounds, Nineteen Shil-luigvandTen Pence Hats-peny, for sundry Goods taken from him by Order Leiflvt^ for the Publick Service.

To Evert Bogardus*. his Executors, or Affigas, the Sum of Tux* Pounds*

Twelve Shillings, and Six Pence, for die Passage of Twenty Men from £&w-Xork fb' iLJtyau

■ Tojenttie Adotph, her Executory or Assigns, the Sum of Twelve Pounds* Fifteen Shillings, and Five Pence Half-peny, for the full Discharge of an Account and Demand of Twenty five Pounds, Ten Stillings, and Teh Pence Ha&pejy, for sundry Goods delivered by Order of Captain Jacob Lei/lert for die Use of the Government.

To- Wittidm Smith Esqj his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Six Pence, for the foil Discharge of an Account and Demand of Three hundred fifty for Pounds, (Seventeen Shillings, and Tea Pence half-peny, for Good* to be taken frofo Gabriel Mmviele, whilst Mr. Jacob Leijler had the Govetment in his HdhdJu^‘

To Francis White, his Executors, or AssignL the Sum of Eight Pounds*

Five Shillings, and Four Pence Half-peny, for the Passage Of a Lieutenant and Sxty oiie;Menof his Excellency’s Company Horn Nex*York to Albany. I

To John PamyMtiy his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Forty five Pounds, os Messengeir and DoOr-keeper to the Council* front the Thirteenth Day of June, One thousand' seven hundred and Ten, to the Thirteenth Day of Juni,

One thousand seven hundred and thirteen.

To Hendrick Bleeket, his Executors, or Assigns* the Sturt of Five Poiitids*

Six Shillings', and Six'Pence, for his Service asi Armourer of the Regiment commanded'by Colonel Pettr Schuyler? on the Expedition ag&mft Qamda.

To Tryntie Van Rologotn., her Executors, or Assigns, the Srtnv of Six Pounds*

Fouf Shillings* and Flight Pence. Faishing, for Fifty seven Seiple Of White Pease, delivered in the Year One thousand six hundred ninety and one* for the Use *>fthe Government! .—.

'■ To the Executors of Frederick Phillip ft, the Sum of Sixty three Pounds, Fifc teen Shillings, and Eleven Pence, for the full Discharge of the Sum of Seventy twb Pbuiiqs, Fifteen' Shillings, and Eleven Pence, disbursed to Soldiers from the Courity1 of Wejkbefier that served on the Ekpcditibn to Albany in the Years One thousand six hundred eighty and seven* ind One thousand six hundred

eighty and eight. —-*■- i b...

To Colonel Jacobus Cortlandt, his Executors, or Assigns, thfe Sum of Sixteen Pounds, Thirteen1 Shillings, and Eleven Pence Farthing, for the foil Discharge of Two Warrants t One drawn by the Earl of Bdlomont, dated die Sixth Day of 'Mn, One thousand seven hundred, payable to Johannes Saunders. Glen, Of Order, for Repairing Barracks in the Garrifbrt at Schenectady; One drawn by His Majesty's Council, dated the Second Day of One thousand seven hundred artd One, payable to Captain James Wiews, or Order* for Candle? and other things provided by him for Her Majesty's Fort at

To Benjamin Ashe, his Executors, or Assigns,l the Sum of Seven Pounds foe the foil Discharge of One Warrant, -drawn by Lord Cornbury aforesaid, dated the Sixth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred And three* payable to Benjamin Atke, or Order, for Wine provided by him during his Laid Lord ship’s Expedition-to Albany,1 rl . ,

- ’ " To

184

Anno Regm Decimo Tertio Annas Regina.

To the Executors of Frederick Phillipje, or their Assigns, the Sum of One hundred seventy eight Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Nine Pence, for the full Discharge of an Account and Demand of Five hundred thirty five Pounds, Three Shillings,' and Three Pence Half-peny, for fuhdry Goods delivered by Order to Captain Jacob Leijler> for the Use of this Colony.

To Mary Sinclair, her Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Four Pounds, One Shilling, and Nine Pence, for the full Discharge of an Account and Demand of Eight Pounds, Three Shillings* and Six Pence, for Goods delivered by Order of Captain Leijler aforesaid, for the Use of this Colony.

To Gan at Viele, his Executors, or Assigns> the Sum of Forty four Pounds, One Shilling, and Six Pence, for his Services on the Eland Najfaw, in getting together ana bringing the Indians to NetXhTork that went therice on the Expedition against Canada.

To Doctor Thomas Braine, his Executors, or Aflighs, the Sum of Thirty three Pounds, Three Shillings, and Four .Pence, for the full Dischargp of an Account and Demand of Forty nine Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, for-Quartering and Medicines for Sick Men on their Return from the Expedition against Canada. i;

To Stephen Delaney, his Executors, or Assigns, thp Sum of Forty Pounds Five Shillings, for the full Discharge of an Account and Demand of Eighty Pounds, Ten Shillings, for Twenty one Casks of Powder taken from him by-Order of Captain Jacob Leijler aforesaid,- for the Use of the Government.

To Williamdpple, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum, of Sixty Pounds, for the Payment for One House, pulled down by Order of the Mayor aixfAJder-menof Albany, to render more easie the Defence of that frontier.

To James Harding, his Executors, or Assigns, the .Sum of Eight Pounds^ .Fifteen Shillings, for the foil Payment of him for his Transporting the Long-Island Forces over the Ferry.

To Anthony P'intard,his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Forty eight Pounds,

Fifteen Shillings, for the full Discharge of an Account and Demand of One hundred twenty one Pounds, Four Shillings, for Beef and Pork taken from, him by Order of Captain Jacob Leijler, as aforesaid.

To Roeloffe Kierjlede, his Executors, Or Assigns, the Sum; of Three Pounds^ ,Ten Shillings, for Curing of a Soldier, whose Feet were frozen.

To James Marlin, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty five Pounds, for Payment for Twenty Barrels of Pork taken by Order of Captain Jacob Leijler, as aforesaid. I : ...

To Harpert Jacobfe, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Five Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Nine Pence, for the foil Discharge of an Account arid Demand of Eleven Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, and Six Pence, for Passages of Soldiers, and Freight of Goods and Provisions to Albany, in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety.

To Sarah Gravenraedt, her Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds* Seventeen Shillings, and Nine Pence, for the foil Discharge of an Account and Demand of Thirty one Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, and Six Pence, for Goods deli-Vered by Order of Captain JacobLeiJler aforesaid.

To Johannes Hybon, and Company of Carpenters employed in Repairing the Fort, the Sum of Forty two Pounds, Two Shillings, ana Six Pence, to each of the said Carpenters, each: of their Executors, or Assigns, in such Proportions as is ascertained by a List signd by the Speaker of the General Assembly of this Colony, and lodged in the Hands of the Treasurer of the same.

To Susannah Boudmott, her Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of£ix Pounds, Three Shillings, and Seven Pence, for the foil Discharge of an Account and Demand made of Twelve Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Two Pence, for Goods delivered by Order of Captain Jacob Leijler, as aforesaid.

C. To

Anno Regm Decimo Tertio Annae Regina. 185

To Doctor John Garreau, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Six Pounds,

for his Service as Surgeon on Board a Ship, commanded by Colonel William Peartree, in June One thousand seven hundred and five.

To Jacob Vifcher, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Four Pounds, Nine Shillings, and Eight Pence Farthing, for the full Discharge of an Account and Demand of Five Pounds, Two Shillings, and Six Pence, for Freight of Bails, of Bedding, and Soldiers Clothes, and Passages of Captain D'Honeur and Captain Fletcher Mathews from Fork to Albany.

To Johannes Van Alien, his Executors* or Assigns, the Sum of Three Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Nine Pence, for his Service in Assisting Captain nes Vanbrough to carry the Battoes to Albany*

To Colonel Richard Ingoldesby, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, for his good Service in the late Expedition against Canada.

To Roger MompeJJon Esqj his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, for extraordinary Services done and performed by him as Chief Justice in Long-Island, and elsewhere.

To Claefe Ripfe Van Dam, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Eighteen

Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and Nine Pence, in full Discharge of an Account, t>y which is claimed Twenty one Pounds, Six Shillings, for Wheat, Pease, and Tobacco, delivered by him to the Forces at Albany in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety.

To the Executors, Adminifbators, or Assigns of James du the Sum of Four Pounds, Nine Shillings, and Two Pence Farthing, in full Discharge of a Claim, by which is demanded Eight Pounds* Eighteen Shillings, and Four Pence Three Farthings, for Lead delivered by him to the Expedition to Albany in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety, as appears by a Certificate of Peter De Lanoi to Andries Cayetnans, Adiriinistrators of his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Nine Pounds, One Shilling;, and One Peny Half-peny, in full Discharge of an Account, by which is claimed Eighteen Pounds, Two Shillings, and Three Pence* for Boards, Pease* and Beer, delivered by the said Barent1 Cayemans, for the Forces at , in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety.

To Captain Thomas Clarke, his Executors, of Assigns, the" Sum of Two Pounds, Ten Shillings, In full Discharge of what is claimed by. him of this-Co-lony upon his own proper Account. ?

To Mangle Jans Roll,his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twelve Pounds*

Three Shillings, and Nine Pence, in full Discharge of an Account, wherein is claimed Fifty Pounds* Three Shillings, and Six Pence, for sundry Services from the Year One thousand,six hundred eighty nine, to the Year One thousand seven hundred, and fix.

To Barent Stoats,. Administrator of Jochem Stoats, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of One hundred forty,three Pounds, Nine Shillings, and Eleven Pence Three Farthings, in full Discharge of an Account and Demand made by hin1! of Three, hundred and ninety Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Eight Pence Half-peny, for the Service of the said Jochem Stoats, as Captain at the

Year One thousand six hundred eighty nine, and One thousand six hundred and ninety; and for sundry Goods delivered by him for the Publick Service; I To Martin Clarke, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty six Pounds,

Two Shillings, in full Discharge of an Account and Demand made by him of Fifty two Pounds, Four Shillings, claimed for Balance due t him as a Lieutenant under Captain Barent Lewis zx Albany in the Year One thousand six hundred eighty nine, and One thousand six hundred and ninety.;

To the Executors of Helena Rombouts deceased, the Sum of Nine Poilnds, Eighteen Shillings, and Eight Pence Half-peny, in foil Discharge of an Account, whereby is claimed Forty nine Pounds; Fourteen Shillings, and Three Pence,

A a a for

186

Anno Regnt Decbno te Annas

eighty nine, and One thousand six hundred and ninety.

To Jurian Nagle, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Six Pence, ,m full Discharge of an Account, whereby is claimed by him Thirty six Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, and Six Pence, for his Service as a Soldier at Nrw-York and Albany in the Years One thousand six hundred eighty nine, and One thousand six hundred and ninety.

To William Sell, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, in full Discharge of Three Warrants, drawn by the Lord Cortobury; One dated the Ninth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and six seven; and Two dated the Thirtieth of September, and the Thirteenth Day of January, One thou* land seven hundred and eight, for his Service as Land and Tide-Waiter.

To Adolph Philipfe Esq; Attorney to Godfrey his Executors, or Af-

signs, for the Use of the said Dellius,the Sum of Thirty Pounds, in full Discharge of a Claim and Demand of Sixty Pounds, for One Year’s Salary to the said Godfrey Dellius, for Intruding the Five Nations of in the Christian

Faith, and Propagating Religion among them.

To the Executors or Administrators of John Lidius, late Minister of Albany^ br their Assigns, the Sum of Two hundred twenty five Pounds, for the full Discharge of Five Warrants, drawn by the Lord Combury aforesaid; One dated the Twenty sixth Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and two { another dated the Sixth Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and four; and Three dated the Twenty sixth Day of One thousand seven hundred and eight, payable to the said Udius, or Order, for Inftmcting the Five Nations of Indians in the Christian Faith, and Propagating Religion amongst them.

To Captain Ebenezer Willson, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Three Pounds, Ten Shillings, in foil Discharge of a Warrant jrom the Cohnniflioners appointed to purchase Provisions, and other Necessaries, for the Expedition to reduce Canada, dated the Eighth of September, One thousand seven hundred and eleven, being for a Barrel of Pork delivered to the said Commissioners for the said Expedition.

To Colonel Gerrardus Beekman, hi£ Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, in foil of a Claim by him made for Officiating as President of Her Majesty's Council of this Colony, from the Tenth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and ten, to the Fourteenth Day of June following, and for his Administration of the Government during that time.

To Robert Walters Esq; his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty seven Pounds, Two Shillings, and Five Pence Farthing, in foil Discharge of a Warrant, drawn by Captain John Nanfan aforesaid, dated the Fifteenth Day of April, One thousand seven hundred and two, payable to the said Robert Walters, or Order, for his Salary as one of the Second Justices of the Supreme Court Of this Colony.

To Rip Van Dam and Adolph Philipfe Esq; their Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Forty six Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Eleven Pence Half-peny, in foil Discharge of the Balance of an Account forfundry Disbursements made by them in Repairing the Buildings and Barracks in the Fort Anne in this City, and making the feme fit for the Reception both for the late Lord Lovelace and his Excellency Robert Hunter Esq;

- To Abraham De Peyfter Esq; ms Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Fourteen Pounds, Two Shillings, and oix Pence Three Farthings, in foil Discharge of a Warrant, drawn by Captain Nanfan aforesaid, the Seventeenth of June, One thousand seven hundred and two, payable to the said Abraham De Peyfter, or Order, for Wine on the Coronation Day.

To

Amo RegntDecimo TAnnx Regina.

187

To the said Abraham De Peyfier, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty seven Pounds, Two Shillings, and Five Pence Earthing, in fufl Discharge of a Warrant, drawn by Captain Nanfan aforesaid, dated the Fifteenth Day One thousand seven hundred and two, payable to the said Abraham De or Order, for his Salary as one of the Second Justices of the Supreme Court'Of this Colony.

To the said Abraham De Peyjler, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Five Pounds, in full Discharge of a Warrant, drawn by the Lord aforesaid the Third Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and five, payable to Dd* mel Toy, or Order, for his Salary as Land and Tide-Waiter.

To Francis Jones, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Thirty Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Six Pence, in full Discharge of an Account a^d Demand of One hundred and forty Pounds, and Ten Shillings, for the Hire‘of his Ship* and sundry Provisions, employed in .a Cruize after a Privateer upon this Coast in the Year One thousand seven hundred Sind five.

To Rip Van Dam Eftj; his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Forty feveri Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Six Pence Half-peny, in full Discharge of an Account ana Demand of Ninety five Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and One Peny, for the Hire of his Sloop Sea-Fkrmer, and sundry Provisions, employed in a Cruize after a Privateer upon this Coast in the Year One thousand seven hundred and five.

- To William Smith, his Executors, or Assigns, the Sum of Thirty six Pounds, Nine Shillings, and Four Pence Farthing, in foil Discharge of an Account and Demand of One hundred and nine Pounds, Eight Shillings^and One Peny, fo$ the Hire of the Brigantine Return, and sundry Provisions^ employed in a Cruize after a Privateer upon this Coast in the Year One thousand seven hundred and five j and the Sum of Thirty one Pounds, Six Shillings, and . Eight Pence, in foil Discharge of an Account and Demand of Ninety four Pounds, for the Hire Of the Sloop Pear-Tree, employed in the Cruise before mentioned.

‘ To the Executors or Administrators of Philip Rokeby deceased, the Sum Nine Pounds, in foil Discharge of an Account and Demand of Ninety Days Service by him as Surgeon General in the First Expedition against Canada.

All which Sums of Money aforesaid, shall immediately, after die Treasuret of this Colony bath received the Bill of Credit hereafter mentioned, be paid to the Persons aforesaid, i their Executors, or Assigns, demanding, the fame, by the said Treasurer, without any needless Delay on any Pretence,whatfbe vef«

And for the better and more effectual Preventing of the Paying over again, or undue Payment of ail or any of the Sums above mentioned, or of any .Part thereof; Be it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That all 4bd every the Petr (ons above hamed, their'Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, -shall, on the receiving of the several and respective Sums dueled to be paid them, as aforef said, sign Receipt on the Back or feme part of each Account Or Warrant, so these Words $ .'■< •.

' ' > ' t

I A.B. do acknowledge to have received full Satisfacthn for the Money clamed by the above or xvithm Warrant f count ;as WHfiefs thy Hand } j

In which Receipt shall be mentioned the Circurnfiance of the Receiver, who* iher Executor, Administrator, or Assign j which Warrants and Account^ fliajh by the Claimers of any,of the Sums of Money aforesaid, their Executory of Assigns, be delivered to the Treasurer of this Colony, and by him carefully pumbred and kept; and Accounts of them, and the Dates, together witlLm# Sums demanded and paid, shall be fairly entred in a Book for that purple, by

188 Anno Regni DecimoTertAnnae

- 11 ■" — ■— .......— *. i'j

the said Treasurer to be kept, to each of which the Persons claiming or receiving the Money, shall iign a Receipt, as aforesaid, and shall also make Oath in the following Form,-

I A.B. have not,direct, nor formerly received the

Sum now to he paid me, or any Part thereof, or any ration of any kmd whatsoever, for the Services mentioned in the

Warrant or Account for which I am to he paid by the

General Ajfemhly of this Colonynor any other Per fan for me^ or by my Privity, Consent, or Procurement; nor do I know or believe, that the said Sum, or any Part thereof, or any ration,bath been paid or given to any Person whatsoever, for the Services therein mentioned

So help me God.

Which Oath the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, is impowered, appointed, directed, and required to Administer to the several Persons aforesaid* or to their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, before their receiving of any of the said Sums, as aforesaid, and not otherwise to pay any of the Sums mentioned aforesaid^ or any Part thereof to any Person demanding the fame, and refilling to sign Receipts, and make Oath, as before directed.

Provided always, That whereas several Persons directed to be paid by this Act, live remote from the Habitation of the Treasurer aforesaid;, Jte.it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person directed by this; Ad to be paid any Sum of Money, every such Person may take the Oath beifore mentioned before any of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the Colony, who are hereby impowered to Administer the fame i whion being certified by the Oath of any One Witness present at the time of Administring the said Oath, and hearing the fame, unto the Treasurer aforesaid, the said Treasurer shall pay any of the Sums aforesaid, and take Receipts, as aforesaid.

‘ ' Provided alfby and it is hereby Enacted, That his Excellency Robert Hunter. Esq; shall only declare; upon his Word and Honour, That the Sum mentioned in this Act is truly and bona fide due to him, and that he hath not received any Payment or Consideration for the fame,; or any Part thereof

And it is further Enacted by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That any Person or Persons having given in any Warrant or Account to the Commissioner for Stating of the Publick Ac-r counts, or to the Clerk of the General Assembly, and shall hereafter make Oath before the Treasurer of this Colony, or any Justice of the Peace, as by this ‘Ad is before directed, and it shall afterwards happen to be made appear, either by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, or by Receipts or Accounts under the Hand of the Person or Persons Assigning, Transferring, Delivering over, Bringing, Sending, or Claiming'of the Sums mentioned in such Warrant or Account, or any Part thereof or by the Minutes of Council, or Books of Accounts of or belonging to the Auditor, Deputy Auditor, Receiver, or^ Receiver General, or Commissioner, or Commissioners for Executing the (Mfice of R.eceiver General, or by any manner of Ways or Means whatsoever, that the Sums mentioned in such Warrants or Accounts, and claimed as a Debt due from this Colony, have been paid and discharged, either in whole or in part, before such Claims made,

Ot Oath taken, every such Person who hath Assigned, Transferred, Delivered byer, Brought, or Sent any such Warrant or Account, or Claimed the Sum mentioned by the said Account to be due* or any Part thereof, or receiving ariy of the -Sums appointed by this Act to be paid, ^as aforesaid, or any Part

- thereof.

i

Anno Regni Dechno Tertio Aim Regina. 189

thereof and knowing that the said Sum, or any Part: thereof, hath been -paid before, shall repay the Sum received, and be finfed to Her Majesty, Her Heifs and Successors, in the full Sum so claimed, to be applied towards the Support of the Government of this Colony. ,v . . v>

And for the better and more speedy and effectual Payment of the several Sums before mentioned, and other the Sums appointed to be paid, by this Acti;

Be it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly,' and it is hereby Ena$ed by the Authority of the same, That Bills of Credit, to the Value of Twenty "seven thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, shall be printed, that is to lay, Five hundred sixty eight Bills of Twenty five Ounces of Plate, or Ten Pounds Value each; Five hundred Bills of Eighteen Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight; of Plate, or Seven Pounds, Ten Shillings Value each Seven hundred Bills of Fifteen Ounces, of Plate, or Six Pounds Value each j "Seven hundred and twenty Bills of Twelve Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate, or Five Pounds Value each; One thousand Bills of Seven Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plato,

,0t Three Pounds Value each; Eight hundred Bills of Six Ounces Five Peny Weight of Plate, or Two Pounds, Ten Shillings Value each; Eight hundred Bills of . Three Ounces, Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate, or One Pound, Terl .$hihings-Value each; Ten hundred Bills of Three Ounces* Two Peny Weight and Twelye Grains of Plate, or One. Pound, Five Shillings each; Twelve hun1-dred Bills of One Ounce Seventeen Peny Weight and Twelve Grains of Plate, or Fifteen, Shillings Value each; Fifteen hundred Bills of One Ounce Ten Peny Weight of.Plate, or Twelye Shillings Value each; Two thousand Bills of Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate, or Six Shillings Value each; Four thousand Bills df Seven Peny Weight and Twelve Grains of Plate, or Three Shillings Value each: Upon which Bill shall be impressed on* the Left-fide of the said Bill?, about the middle of the Side, the Arms of the City; of s and the said

Bills lh.all be in the Form following (viz.)

.. i.

THIS Indented Bill of - ---Ounces of y -

from the Colony o/New-York to the PoJfeJJor he in Value equal to Money, and shall he Accepted accordingly by the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, in

Payment, and for any Fund at any time in the Treasury. Dated in New-York the First day of July, One hundred and fourteenyhy Order of the Governor, Council, and General Assembly.

: Which Bills £h.all be Sign’d and Numbred by Robert Walter! Esq; Robert Curling Esq; David Provofi Esq; and John Cruger Esq; or any Three of them; arid in case of the Death of any the said Persons, the said Bill shall be Sign’d and Numbred by the major part of the Persons above mentioned then Alive; Which Bills of Credit to be made and issued out by Virtue of this Act; shall be, and continue Current for and during the space and time of Twenty one Years* and shall be received and paid for the same Value, and equal to the Current Coin passing in this Colony, for Goods, or any other thirig bought and sold by all Persons whatsoever residing and passing through this Colony, according to their Rates and the Tender of the said Bills for Payment, or discharging of any Debt or Debts, Bargain, Sale of Land, or other things. Bonds, Mortgages, Specialties, and Contracts whatsoever, shall be as effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Current Coin in this Colony had been offered and tendred for the Discharge of the fame, or any part thereof.

B b b And

i po dmtd Regni Decktio Ann# Regm&i

r~ ' ———^——■*■» i t r ■» ■'VT

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, Gredkor or Creditors, Obliged or Obligees, and Party Or Parties to any Contraft, Covenant, Bargain, or Agreement ^hatlbever, aliready made', or hereafter to be made, at any time during the said Twenty one Years, shall', upon. Tender of all or iany their Debts, £>ues, and Demands whatsoever, or any ' Part of them, lint the Bills of Credit made Current by this Act, refiife to accept or receive the said Bills of Credit in Discharge of the said Debts, Dues, or Demands, or any Part of them, according to their Value and Rates, fie, hie, Of they; so refusing tp accept the said Bills of Credit in - Discharge,1 as aforesaid, shall lose the ifkid Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money', or such Pkrt of the lame, so refilled; and they and every of thorn, their; dn*dJ everyof tfreif ’ Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, shall for ever be barred'from bfingtqg his, heir, or their Action for the Recovery of the said Debt or Debts, Sunt or Sums of Money, so refused, as aforesaid; and the Defendant may plead this/Aft in Bad to any Action or Actions that shall be so commenced. 1; . , } : -J

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid,' That if’lny Person or Persons whatsoever within this Colony, shall, during' the: fa'id fTwenty ;bne Years, offer to)fell, or expose to Sale, any Goods/or Chattels, Lands of Tenements whatsoever, and deny or refuse to fell. Or1 ask a greater'Value for the fame, unless Payment be made in-Current Silver Money,/Gold Plate^ Dollars, or other Species whatsoever, and not in the said Bflli of Credit (whereby the Credit of the said Bills may be impaired ) then, and in fuel?1 case, the Person so exposing to Sale, and refusing, as aforesaid/ shall, if the Goods Or Chattels exposed to Sale be under the Value of FiVe Pounds, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for each Offence, to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace Within this Colony, upon the Oath of any Two Witnesses,- arid:if the Value of the Goods Or Chattels, Lands and Tenements, be above Five Pounds, and under Fifty Pounds, the Exposer to Sale shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds; and if the Goods or Chattels, Lands or Tenements, be above the Value of Fifty Pounds, and under. One hundred Pounds, _rHe Exposer to Sale shall ’forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if the Value of the Goods or Chattels,;Lands or Tenements, be above One hundred Pounds Value, the Exposer tp Sale shall forfeit Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Aftibh of Debt/ in any Court of Record within this Colony,' with Cost: of Suit; th^first Forfeiture to the Use of any Person that shall Sue for the fame; the other Three Forfeitures, the One Half thereof to the Use of such Persons as shall Sue‘for and Prosecute the same to Effect, the other Half to the Use of the Queen, Her 'Heirs and Successors, to be applied towards the Support of the .Government of this Colony; any Law/ Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.' .

And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Persons appointed for the Signing of the said Bills of Credit, shall take an Oath before any One Justice of the Peace of this Colony, for the true Signing ‘and Delivering of all the said Bills of Credit, and no more than the Number mentioned in this Act, to the Treasurer of this Colony, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act.

, And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Quantity of Plate that each Bill shall be Current for, and the Value of the fame, be printed on the Top of each Bill.

And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ’Robert , John

Crugerj Robert Lurting, and David , Esquires, appointed hereby to

Sign the Bills of Credit made Current by this Act, shall, for such their Service, have paid unto each of them, Or each of their Executors, or Assigns, by the Treasurer aforesaid, in Bills of Credit made Current by this Act, the Sum of Fifty Pounds* as a Reward for their Trouble in Signing and Numbring the Bills aforesaid*

And

Anno Regni Decimo Tertio Attnx Regime.

191

c And be ie Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall presume to Counterfeit any of the said Bills of Credit, he, file, or they, beiing Convicted thereof, Cull incur the Pains and Penalties of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, and shall suffer accordingly.

And that the said Bills of Credit may be truly and bona fide such, as the Fund arising by Virtue of an Act, Intituled, An Act Laying cm Excise on Liquors retailed in this Colony, is paid unto the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being j Be it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and General Aflem-bly, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That Robert Walters, John Cruger, David Frovoft,’ and Robert aforesaid, or the major

part of thdm Living, or that shall be Living, shall twice Yearly and every Year, (viz) on the First Day of June, and on the First Day of December, audit the Accounts of the Money received by Virtue of the Act aforesaid, and shall with-in One Week thereafter affix Advertisements in the most Publick Places of the City of Now-Fork, setting forth what Quantity of Money hath been received and is in the Treasurer’s Hands by Virtue of the Act aforesaid j which Money shall, by the Treasurer aforesaid) be given in Exchange for Bills of Credit made Current by this Act, to any Person or Persons bringing in the fame j and the said Bills of Credit shall) on or before the Expiration of One Month after the time of such Audit, -be funk and destroyed in Presence of Robert Walters, Robert Lurting, John Cruger, and David Provost, or the major part of them then Alive, appointed by this Act to audit the Accounts of the said Treasurer, haying, first compared the said Bills, of Credit with, their Counterparts, and entred into a Book to be kept for that purpose the Number and Value of such Bill of Credit so funk and destroyed: But if it so happen that all of any part of the Sums arising by Virtue of the Act aforesaid, , shall be paid unto the Treasurer of this Colony in Bills of Credit aforesaid) that then, and in- such case, the said Bills shall be funk m manner aforesaid, immediately after the said Account of the Treasurer is audited, and Publick Notice shall be given of the Value of the Bills so funk and destroyed, as also of the Quantity of Money in his Hands (if any be) within the time before prescribed.;

It is ralfo Enacted by the Atitherity aforesaid, That the Treasurer shall receive.no other Bills of Credit for the Funds arising by Virtue Of the Ad before mentioned than those made Current by this Act, until all the said Bills shall be funk; any thing to the contrary in this or in any Other Act notwith-fiaoding.

And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid,. That the now Treasurer of this Colony shall) within One Month after the Publication of this Act, take the following Oath (*u/z.)

I.A.6. appointed Treasurer of the Colony of New-York., mil faithfully and truly discharge the Trust reposed in me as Treasurer of the fame; I will not issue, or cause to he iffiiej or-paid any Money that now is, or may hereafter come into my Hands, as Treasurer aforesaid, than is, dr shall he

dir efted by an Act or Acts of the General Assembly of this Colony; and I will keep true and faithful Accounts of all the Money or Effects that has been, is, or may conie into my hands, or he issued or paid by Virtue of any such Acts, with the Times of my Receding and Pafing of the fame:

And

ipz Anno Regni Decimo Anity Megnttg.

And in case of the Death or Removal of the now Treasurer of this Colony, the Treasurer for the time being, to be; nominated and appointed by/the General Assembly of this Colony, shall, upon his taking upon himself the Office of Treasurer aforesaid, take the Oath before.mentioned* to be Admifiiftred by any One of Her Majesty's Council, or any Justice of the Peace in thi^ Colony, who are hereby Impowered, Directed, Appointed, and Required tp. do the fame j and any Treasurer neglecting or refilling to take such Oath, shall be disabled from Executing that Trust> and any of Her Majesty's Council, Or Justices of the Peace, refilling to Administer the said Oath, when by the Person appoint* ed Treasurer of this .Colony required to cfo the fariie, shall, for every such Refusal, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds* jto be recovered by the said Perfoij appointed Treasurer, or any other Person that will Sue /for the fame in any Court of Record within this Colony, wherein there shall: be no Eftoign, Pror tedion, or Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance j; and the said Treasurer shall notwithstanding execute.the said Office of Treasurer ,* Any thing in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. And each; of the Auditors appointed by this Act to audit and examine the Accounts of the said Treasurer, with relation to the Money received by Virtue of the Ad aforesaid, Intituled, An Act for Laying anExcise on all Strong Liquors retailed within ihif Colony, and to fee, compare, and fink the Bills of Credit* as by this Act is directed, shall take the following Oath ( .) '; '

I A.B. appointed to Audit and Examine the Accounts of the Treasurer of this Colony, will truly, faithfully, and impartially Examine and Audit the said Accounts, and compare and fink the said Bills of Credit, as dir eft ed in an Act, Intituled, An Act for the Paying and Discharging the several Debts and Sums of Money claimed as Debts of this Colony, to thp several Persons therein named and to make and enforce the Cur-r rency of Bills of Credit to the Value of Twenty seven thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, for that purpose; also to make void all Claims and Demands made or pretended to be due from this Colony, before the First Day of in the Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and fourteen and to prevent this Colony from being in Debt for the future; and will truly and faithfully do and perform, according to my heft Skill and Ability, every thing directed and the before mentioned Act for me, as Auditor, to do and -form:

So help me God.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall neglect or refuse to demand of the Treasurer aforesaid the Sum or Sums of Money appointed by this Act to be paid to him, her, or them, and to take the Oath appointed by this Act to be taken by the Claimers or Receivers of the Sum or Sums of Money so demanded or received, withim Twelve Months after Her Majesty's Royal Afient to this Act is signified in this Colony, evety such Person so neglecting or refilling shall for ever hereafter be precluded and debarred from receiving any of the said Sums appointed by this Act to be paid them.

And

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Persons before named appointed to Audit , and; Examine the Accounts of the Treasurer, as aforesaid, ihalj, for such Examination and Auditing, receive the Sum of Forty Shillings each time of their Examining and Auditing such Accounts, to bd paid by the said Treasurer. out of the Fund arising and accruing by Virtue of thd Ad aforesaid, Intituled, An Act for Laying on all Strong Liquors retailed within this Colony i and if.it shall lo happen; that after the time of Twelve Months after Her Majesty's Royal Assent to this Act is signified in this Colony; ihere be any Bills in the Hands of the Treasurer of this Colony not demanded within Twelve Months, as before directed, such Bills are, by the Auditors and Treasurer hereby directed, to be first funk, and an Account of the Sums mentioned in the said Bills, and the Numbers of them, together with the Names of the Persons neglecting or refilling to claim the Sums of Money appointed to be paid by this Act, fairly, entred in a Book to be kept for that purpose.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority, aforesaid, That the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, shall keep an exact Account of the particular Sum and Sums of Money paid by Virtue and according to the Direction in this Act, with Receipts or Discharges from the Person or Persons; their Executors; or Assigns, to whom the said Sums are payable; at any time to be produced by him for View and Examination of the Governor, Council, and General Assembly of this Colony,' Or either of .them, on Penalty of making good and refunding any Sum or Sums of Money. which shall not be so Vouched arid discharged, according to the true Intent end. Meaning of this Act. . ’1

And whereas sufficient Notice hath been given, so that all Persons having any Claim upon this Colony rilight haye brought in their said Claims j *Ti$ therefore" Enacted by the Governor, Council, arid General Assembly, and by the Authority. ,of'the .lame,; .;Thao the Sums paid by Virtue of this Act, shall be taken, deemed, esteemed, and accounted to be an absolute,1 full, arid entire Satisfaction for all the,Claims made, and Debts said to be due from this Colony; and the Persons bringing, claiming, or demanding the fame, their Heirs; Executore;> or Admirtifti^tors,\ shall, for ever be precluded and debarred from Claiiiiing, Demanding, or Receiving any Other Payment, Aeknowledgriient,' or Rewattl for the fold Claims, or any Parc thereof, than what is before ftiien-tioned and appointed by this Act.; and all Persons whatsoever are by this Act for ever, precluded and ebarrpdfrom pretending or making any Claim for the Payment of any Service or Services, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, bF Effects; done, advanced,' or expended by-them, or any of them, their, or either of their Pfedecessors, Condiments, or Imployers, or by. any Person or Persons whatso-ey$r, forxfaeUfcof this Colony^ aDapy time before the First Day of June,' in the present Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and fourteen. - -Provided always, , and jt is hereby'further Evaded, That neither this Act, rior ahy Part thereof, shall be construed to debar any Person or Ptfrfofts havin^ i Right1 to the f4me, rfrom cGlainring and Receiving from the Receiver GeneraPhf'mis Colony, by Virtue of a Warrant drawn.by the^GovernorirdCOuncil, their Phrt;' Share, :fai)d Proportion tff the Sum of Two. thousand eight hundred Pounds, raised by an Act of Assembly of this Colony, for and towards the ShppOrf ‘ of t^e Government of the {ame.; And,provided Ulfbj That neither this Act,°£or any Part thereof, shall be construed to bar the Chief Justice that" riovv is,;Or ahy-Member jor Officer of the.General A^embly thai*now is, or that heretofore hith been, from Claiming or Demanding^the Salaries,'* Fees, or Rewards: dueAo1 tfiem, as M&mbers or, Officers of.the> fiydc GeneralJUTembly. o.r ’ ‘"•*ol

Be it Enacted by the Governor, Council,' - arid; General Alferiibly oTthi^ Oniony,; and by;the Authfr&y of the dame] That all Monies whatsoever *hal shall for the future be raised by Ad or Adsi of General Aftembty in this:Colbfty,' and directed by the said Act or Acts, to ibe lodged in the Hands ofthfe^THa-surer of the fame, shall not, on any Pretence whatsoever,’ be-dlfpofedbsf,rc but1

C c c

by

i$4 Anne Regw Dechno Tertio Ann# Regina.

- ■-_ , c___

by Virtue and Direction of the said Act or Acts, or erf" an Act or Acts of General Assembly for that purpose to be made; and all Monies whatsoever raised or accruing by Virtue of any Act or Acts of General Assembly of this Colony^ made or to be mad? for and towards the Support of the Government of this Colony, and by the said Act or Acts appointed and directed to be lodged in the Hands of the Receiver General for the time being, appointed cr to be appointed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs, or Successors, fhak be issued by Warrants sign’d by the Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being, in Council, by and with the Confsnt of the greater part dfthe Council then present.

And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, shall pay in the Bilk of Credit made Current by this Act unto each of the Persons hereafter named, the several Sums of Money hereafter expressed, that is to; say, j

To Captain Samuel Mulford Esq; his Executors, or Aligns, the Sum of Fifty seven Pounds, Tea Shillings, for his Service in thie General Assembly of this Colony.

To tyijliamNicoli< Esqs his Executors, er ;A^ns, the Sum of Ninety one

Pounds for his .Service so the General Assembly of this Colony.

To Colonel jokH' Jwkfon E(q; his Executors, or Aligns,; the Sum of Sixty fix Poun^ for his Service, as aforesaid. '

Tq.Cplonel ThaiM* WiUftEfoj 'His Executors, or Aligns, the Sum of Sixty fix Pmwte* for hk Service* as aforesaid. -

To Cornelius Staffing Esqs his Executors, or Aligns, the Sum of Sixty (hi Pounds, for his Service, as aforesaid. ’ 1 1 ' ’

To Qrpelius Van Brunt Efai his Executors, or Aligitf, the Sum of Sixty fi^ Pounds, for his Service, as aforesaid.

To Captain John Stillwell Esq; his Executory or Aligns, the SUm of Sixty fix Poupds, for his Service, as aforesaid. ' o . I '■'•><' ’

To /ibrabam Taker man Esq, his. Executors, or Aligns, the Sum of Fifty one Pounds, for his Service, as aforesaid. - .; ( Yi

T9 Cornelius Herring Esq,* hk Executors, i of Assignf, the Sum of Sixty fcf

Pounds, for his Servipe^ ap afofoftid. .’vi. j - ;i - "■' £; 1 J

Tq Leonard Lewis Esq; hiss. Executors, or Aligns,' the Sum of Sixty one* Pou^, Ten Sfoibggs, for his Set^ice, as aforesaid. hi " ]

To Colonel Henry BeeklWit Esq,* his Executors, or Aligns, foe Sumi of Sixty* three Pounds, for. hfs. Service, as aforesaid) . . : >. :. - i

Tp Colonel %aeok Rutfen Esq; his Executors, or Aligns,- the Sum of Sixty1 three Pound?, for hkSem<^ ast aforesaid^.; J < / .• >• "l

To Henry Renjlqer Esq; his Executive®- Aligns,-' the Sum of Fifty four Pounds, for his Seryice, as aforesaid. v O /» T m.: - ' ! 1 .'

T<>'Major Myndert Schuyler Esq; his Executors, or Affisfts, the Sutn of Sixty six Pounds, for his Service, as aforesaid. b l ! > - '

To Captain Refer Vankrugh Esq; his Eaeftitbcs. qr Aligns, the Sum of Sixty1 fix PpupdSvfor his Seryice, as aforesaid. b r V. a b> '

To Robert Zjyingftm jvmiQr~Esqt his Executors, or Aligns, the Suin Of Sixty fk, Pound?i for;his Service, as aforesaid.:' it.; \ > : — V -

To-Stfyben Rtelawy Esq; his Executory, or Assignsy the Sum of Sixty two1 Pounds, for his Service, as aforesaid. , bm

i.Tfi Csfonel Jwohty Van’Caxtlasddt EGq^his Executors, - or Aligns, the Sum; ol' S^y two Pounds, for his Service* as aforesaid.

To Samuel Bayard.Esq; his Executors, or .Assigns, the Sum of Sixty two" Pqrpds,! for his Service;,. as:afonefkidt O r. ' )' .I.*

j T? Captain Lawrence Read Esq; h Executors, or Aliens, the Suhiof Sixty5 t^p^gnds, for his Service, as aforesaid^./ v, : i >' .LV! : ‘

- TPi Colonel William Willei.E% his Executors, or Aligns, foe Sum; of Sixty-fot Poyndi^. for:his: Service, as aforesaid. ( . r; : . : : i;! ’.

' To

Anno Regni Decbno Tertm Annae Regiks.

To Captain Joseph Drake, his Executors, or Aligns, the -Sum of Sixty fit .Pounds, far his Service, as aforesaid. , i /

To Colonel Lewis Morris Esq; his Executors, of Assignsj. the Sum bfNihety -one Pounds, for his Service, as aforesaid- I . , : ., r:

To Corndim Pofi, Door-keeper of the General Assembly,- his Executors,.ot Assigns, thee SUm of Twenty fevesn Pounds for, his ^Service, as aforesaid.

To Robert Crannel, Serjeant at Arms, his Executors, or Afligos, die Sum of Fifteen Pounds, for hfs Service mattbnding; upon kbe General Atfcmbly of this /Colony, '■ill. j . 'I , And be it Enaffced by the Authority afore&td j That the Sum of Ninety Pounds, in Bills of Oedix aforesaidj, be paid by the Tre^iiref of this Colbny

for Printing the said Bills of Oediv ?: -i.

Provided always, and bfe it: further JEiiaiSted by the Authority aforesaid, That .hone of the Bills of Credit intended to be made Current by'this Act, shall be Sign’d or paf$ Current within this Colony, beforethis Act,; as *lfo an: Act, Intituled, An Act for Laying an Excise ten all Strteng Lfyuats retailed in this Colony

Published the; Fifteenth Day of Of/ofor, One thodlhod seven Hundred and: thirteen, be, and are passed Her MajestyY Royal Afieati and^ the i£d Assent be first signified within this Colbny; any thing in this Act to the f outcry aptyykHr (landing. r,J 11 Lm. r-,'i i i . •. . I

*, -.’ I v v. .; I of: i i;

An Act for the Treasurer*s Paying ti therein mentioned. H«hadiw

v:t.A /-. -\\i

An Act for the Treasurer’s Paying the Arrears due to the Clerk and Door-keepers,To the GenemlAffbnhly of this ftfd

Paying the Printer's Salary.«. r /

An Act to EntitleGarfct De Ciraeuw, and his__________

FiJBety of pofpoifes, during the Term’ of f

t; [. f. .’’.'.U i 1 L.-4 cm,JOv ~ :c «.i. i. . . . iv> iil'l." I ' 1 ~ ■" j

XTT TjHepeas the F$ipry of Porpoises, and other Fifiiesrof that nam^Wih A/V ,-tefld to the Benefit of Trade in this Colony, and add, to the taolitaf *. tfog.the Returns of tfi$ fame: AncCw^ereas. Garret-^us Petition presented tpthe General Al&mbly, 1#$ let fom^ .Tha,t by;c^j!aiu j^ew Inventions by hfin found out, he has perfectly enabled htrulelf, ancf.ie ^a&ur fllly readyto the fine jand successful Carrying, on the laj4 Ej»eiy,^Jmuf4ly Prayings Thar in regard of his peculiar Industry tand great Charge, It tpAype Enaffed; hi;his Favop^j ^and for ids Encouragement, That npne. but tHej laid (Sarret D& Qraeuw0 ^is Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall pptr mitted to c^rry on thp laid Fishery by die fame Inventions for a certam Ternvof jfears^j -Enafied by;his Excellency the Governor, the Cou^cil^ and ^ner ral Assembly, and by-.the Authority of the same, That no £erfbn. or Terlonj iwhatfofiy^Tj from and after the Publication of this Act, shall Upderuke._Vj«5t ... ' fume

Ditto*

Expires in 17*1.

196 Anpo Regrit Decimo Tertto Annae Regina.

fume to carry, on the Fishery of Porpoises, and other Fillies of that nature, by the said Inventions, in the Seas, Harbours, Rivers, and other Waters within this Colony, for and during the Term of Seven Years, but the said Garret De

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to whom-only the foie Benefit, Profit, and Advantage, arising from the said Fishery byithe laid Inventions, shall belong and appertain. Saving nevertheless the Right of Her Majesty, Her Heirs, and Successors.

And be it farther Enaftedbythefeid. Authority, That if any Person or Persons, from and after the Publication of this Act, shall undertake or carry ofi the said Fishery by the Inventions of the said De Graeuw, cotitrary to,

and frustrating' the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, current Money of this Colony of New-York, to be Recovered in any Court of Justice within this Colony by Action of Debt j one Half thereof to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successor?, and the other Half to the said Garret his Executors, Administra-

tors, or Affighs, who shall Sue for and Recover the same.

And be it farther Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Garret De Graeuw, his Executors, Administrators,:lor Assigns, do not within the time of Twelve Months from the Publication hereof put his said Inventions in effectual Practice and Execution, then it shall and may be Lawfaf far any other Person or Persons to undertake and carry on the said Fishery without incurring the Penalty mentioned-in this Act any thing contained fa this Act to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for Shortning of Law , and Regulating of the Law.

V r T ... rp . > v

• - - — " ' ' ' ' J 1 1 ' ‘ ' ' ' '* ' ^ v \ '» 'i J % >. '* I 1 - w

BE it Enaftedby the Governor, Council, arid XSeneral Assembly, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That every Perfbh on whom a Capias is served by the Sheriff, or other proper Office!*, shall enter his Appearance at the Court to which the said Capias is Returnable, or give in Special Bail to the Action, as the Law and Nattfte of the Cause requires; and in case such Person does neglect or refuse to enter such Appearance, or give such Special Bail, as aforesaid, the Bail-Bond shall be assigned, unless the i Chuft’does think fit to alloWra fartherTim^'jfor’ the 'putting in of Special BaH, *'*'■ which they may do;at their Discretion : Always Provided^ such Titpe Thai! not exceed the Term of Twenty Days in the Supreme Court, "and Ten Days in" the inferior Courts,

'• And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Plaintiff feaTl fjSe Ins Declaration in the Clerk’s Office, during the Sitting of the Court tawhfcn such Capias is Returnable, or in-case Time is allowed by fife Court at or before the Expiration of such Time so allowed, and shall give Oyer of the Specialties^ or btbft faftniments mentioned in the said Declaration, together with Copies of the fafae. to the Defendant, or his Attorney, or leave them in the Clerk’s Office, oh Penalty of being Nonsuited, in case the Plaintiff or his Attorney Oegfeft to db fife- fame,* and every Defendant shall file his Plea in the Clerk’s Office, ariel jgrve Oyer of such Instruments as are mentioned in the said Plea, together with Copies of the feme, to the Plaintiff or his Attorney, or to the Olftk of the Cdirrt m which the^ Declaration is filed, within such time as is hereafter directed (that is to say) to the Clerk of the Supreme Court within Teh Days after such Declaration is filed, and to the Clerk of any Inferior Courts of Common- ~~ Pleas

Anno Regn't Decma Terth Aimae Regmk. 197

Pleas within Twenty Pays after the Declaration is filed; and if the Defendant shall neglect or refute to- enter his said Plea within the Times by this Act directed and appointed, that then, and in such case, Judgment mall be entred against him for such his Default; and if it so happen, that Replications or Re- s joynders arie necessary to be made, such Replication shall be filed by the Plain* tin, in the Clerk’s Office of the Supreme Court within Twenty Days after the Time .appointed by this Act for filing the Plea, and in the Clerk’s Office of any of the Inferior Courts of Common-Pleas within Twenty Days after the Time appointed by this Act for filing the said Pleas, or be Nonsuited; and the Rejoynder shall be filed by the Defendant in the Clerk’s Office of the Supreme Court within Twenty Days after the Time appointed by this Act for filing thd Replication, and in the Clerk’s Office of any the Inferior Courts of Common-Pleas within Twenty ,Days after the Time appointed by this Act for filing the said Replication; and if the Defendant neglect or refuse to file such Rejoynder within the Time prescribed by this Act, then Judgment shall be entred against the said Defendant so neglecting for'such his Default; and where further Plead-ings are not necessary, Iuue shall be joyned,.and the Cafe tried the next Court ffter tfaat to which the Capias, was returned; and where further Pleadings are necessary, the Time of such Pleadings. shall be appointed by the next Court following. -

And be it further Enacted .by the Authority aforesaid, That the Plaintiff shall come to Trial the next Court after Issue joyned, or be Nonsuited, unless the Court feeCause to- the contrary; and if the Defendant does not appear upon the Tryal, the Plaintiff shall proceed in his Defauft.

Provided [always, and it, is Hereby further Enacted by the Authority afore-

laid. That, in case of a Nonsuit or Judgment by Default, no Execution Hull jlfue thereupon, tUl aftei; the; next^Qoyrt following such Nonfoit or Judgment by Default.

- And be it Enacted by;the Authority aforesaid,; That every Person defifing the fame, .stall be;pennitted and allowed to .cuter Appearance,^ and plead his own Cause or Caules himself, or by his Attorney* or by both, in any Court of Record; within tjus.Colony. r± r j

And-be. U Euafted by: the -Authority aforesaid, That all Process fhalb.be foaled .by •, the rpfoeftiye pierk of eaeh Court of Record Within this Colony and that Writs of Capias mall be sign’d underneath, on the Right-hand by : the Clerk, suado»the.Celt by the Plaintiff, or his Attorney,' otherwise the v Writ shall abate,.;.; - i..v:; 5

; And bp tit! Epfted by-the Authority aforesaid, That every Attorney, on: filing a Declaration or Plea in any Cause,shall enter his Warrant Of Attorney, and Leavei a Copy thereof in the Cfork’s Office, under the Penalty of Paying all the Costsi and the Action shall discontinue; and every Attorney having undertaken, of that shall undertake to plead a Cause or CaUfes, shall manage the fame until it be folly determined ( unless discharged by his Imployer) under the Penalty, of Paying all the Cost and Damage that mail be sustained by fos imployer or Imployers, if thfe Cause shall happen to mifearry through his Default, to be recovered by such as shall be agrieved from such Attorney or AtrornieSj by Action of Debt in any Court of Record within this Colony.

'• And -be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That'when any Non-Resident of the County where the Action shall be brought,' shall-take out a Writ'of (Capias against an Inhabitant, he shall give Bond to the Defendant, with Security dwelling in the said County, in thp Penalty of Ten Pounds, upon condition to pay the Costs, if Cast, Nonsuited, Difoontinue, or Withdraw his Suit, without Consent of the Defendant; which Bond shall be left with the Clerk of that Court in which the Action is commenced. And when any Non-Resident of this Province shall take out a Writ of Capias against any Person within this Province, he shall give Bond unto the Defendant, with Security dwelling in the said County, in the

i§8

Armo Regm Detimo Testif&Atmx

Penalty of Ten Pounds, upon condition to pay the COfts, if Cast, Nonsuited, Discontinue, or Withdraw has Suit* without the Content of the Defendant; which Bond Bull be left with the Clerk of the Court in which the Action is commenced $ and any Clerk neglecting to take such Security, shall pay the Defendant’s Colls, to be Recovered* as aforesaid; and in all Actions above the Value of Ten Pounds, the Defendant shall give Special Bail, if required, except in Actions of Slander* gpare clausum fregit, Assault and Battery* unless it be otherwise ordered by die Court.

And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, after Publication hereof, shall Commence, Sue, or Prosecute any Suit or Action whatsoever in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Colony* wherein the true and real Cause of Action shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds of current Money of this Colony, over and above all the Costs and Charges of the Suit ( except where Titles of Land are ahy ways concerned ) under the Penalty of paying to the Defendant all his Costs and Damages which shall accrue by such Prosecutions, to be Recovered by Action of Debt in any of the Inferior Courts of Common-Pleas within this Colony.

And be it further Enaftedby the Authority aforesaid, That no Suitor Action whatsoever (except where Titles of Lard are concerned) shall be removed from the Inferior Courts of Common-Pleas of any County within this Colony, by Habeas Corpus, or any otherwise, unless by Writ of Error after Judgment given, except where the Sum or Value of die Suit or Action commenced, ai aforesaid, shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, current Money aforesaid > and if any Person or Persons shall remove Any A&ionj contrary to the frue In-tent and Meaning of this Act, he, file, or they, so Offending, shall pay to thq Party or Parties injured all the Costs and Damages sustained by fodi Removal* to ta Recovered* as aforesaid; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall bring a Writ of Error upon a Judgment obtained in any of the In-ferior Courts of Common-Piea$, Returnable to the Supreme Court, such' Person or Persons shall give Security within Ten Days after die Writ of Error is brought, to Prosecute his Writ of Error to and to pay double the Gofts

of the other Party, if the Judgment given In the said Inferior Courts shall be Affirmed. ’ •- 1

Provided always, That no Execution shall issue upon fudi Judgment of thd Court of Chmmon-Pleas, after the Plaintiff.in Error hath given Notice;to die Defendant, by shewing him, or his Attorney, the said Writ, unless he shall neglect ta give in Security, as aforesaid, : :

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid*- That all Pr Ocefs* Pleadings, Entries* and Proceedings whatsoever, in all the Courts of Judicature within this Colony, shall be in the EngliJJbTongue. r - *;• tr)

Expired in

»7*J*

Amo Regm Decbni lert&jAtym fiance.

*99

An Act for Preventing theMu ctm-JSuitsi )".] J Confirmed

BE it Enacted by his Excellency the Governor, Council, arid General AC fembly of this Colony, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Two or more, dealing together, be indebted'to each other upon Bonds* Bills, Bargains, Promises, Accounts, Or the like, and one them commence an Action in any Codrt of this Colony, if the; Defendant cannot gainfaf t Deed, Bargain, or Assumption upon which he is Sued, irThaii be Lawful for such Defendant to plead1 Payment of all or any part of the Debt or Sum de> manded, giving Notice in Writing, with the said Plea, of what he will insist upi on at the Trial for his Discharge, and give any Bond; Bill, Refeipt/Accourityotf Bargain, so given Notice of in Evidence; and if it shall happen that the Defendant hath fully paid or satisfied the Debt or Sum deriianded, the July shall find for the Defendant, and Judgment shall be entrdd/ that the Plain shall take

nothing by his Writ, and shall pay the Coils /. and if it shall appear, that-Part of the Sum demanded is paid, then so much a* is found to be paid stall pe difeounted, and the Plaintiff shall Have Judgriient for the ketidve only;‘With Cods of Suit; but if it appear to the Jury that the Piamtiffis' overpaid, \Heti they shall give in their Vferdi& for the Defendant; 'and Withal derti/ie t Court hoW ntuch they find the Plaintiff to be iridebted, briif Arrest to tfteDd* fondant more than will ahfwer thp Debt or Suht demanded j - hod! the Siam di Sums so certified, shall be recorded with thd y£fdi$, be tfeeriied ii

a Debt of Record; and if the Plaintiff rdfefe torjpay the fame; the Defend dant for Recovery thereof, shall'haye a riff. ftfePPfeinuff & the

laid Addbri, and have Exedution for die fame,With thethat Action

any Law, tJiage, or Custont to the contrary in 'inf Wife ridtWithftahdin^;* '*

‘ iJ - ‘-j 1 - 1; ’ ’-'fn/i'J.:! V!'" 'j 'f/cJ'lT

wA K.

di ihe Improveaienc, TiUagetiirid Pa#ur?g?i of

€Nxhards,haxfclMeadoWs-, and that; it iSjUoogetha necessary, that, the said Aiye Cities and Couiadesiuay, be j^cfocapable iatfie Laur j^shake Rules, > Orders, and! Directions ibr the Making, Maiqtaiqirii

ibeix Oifoocnbry, circular, and partition Fences : Be therejbi^ ^pia.cted l^ hi] ghoeeUency. the Governor*. Council* and C rity of the fame. That the Free-holders

Toton, Manor, and Preciq& within^ each City and vQ^iin^uu^' this C^fpny,

don of Meet.and for hereby Impowered annually, after; the Publication Afferohle thexofelvea together at ifucri Time and places as.fhafi be appoint^ toddirected under the Hands and Seals of onyXwd ofl^ Mdj^y^sju^i^ «the Peace, ; One whereof"to be of the Qpofuw.; in which J^'etings the Free-holders and Tenants ill Posseflfon are bythj? Act Impowered, the '^Vlaj-

ferity of Votes* to make* and eftaHish such prudgrkial Ordefs, JRUles, £n$ Al~ regions, for the Making, Maintaining^ and Ameling or their/acct^pnwm j

fitian, and circular Fences for their Lands, Gardens., -Orchards, jfjpd Meadow^ to they shall judge, roost proper and convenient,: WhidiOroers, Ilules.and

; DireA[ohs

106

Anno itegni fo&chnoT Ann# Regina.

Directions, so made, as aforesaid, be entred upon the Publick Records of such . City, Town, or County, shall remain andr be of full Force, un;il thp several and respective Free-holdecs and Tenants in Pdlfeflkm shall drink fit, by the like Majority of Votes, to alter all or any part of the aforesaid Orders, Rules, and Ditedions, so made,*as aforesaid.; which Alterations, from time to time, being likewise entred upon Record, as aforesaid, shall continue and, remain in ful} force* until the fame be new made and altered, as aforesaid.

And whereas the Free-holders and Tenants in Possession in some of the Cities and Counties of this Colony, are accustomed to make circular Fences for the Surrounding their Land and Meadows, which they manure, either in Tillage or Pasturage, by which means great Quancities of Lands and Meadows are! surrounded by the said circular Fence, and those who are in the middle of; the said Lands and Meadow, have their Fields secured by the said Fence, without contributing their Projpprtion of the Charge of the said Fence: To the end the lame may be remedied for the future. Be it further Enacted by the fame Authority, That if any Lands or Meadows shall lie within any circular Fence, except where any Towns, within this Colony have already agreed to the Contrary, the "Owner or Possessor thereof, shall, in Proportion to me Quantity of Land and Meadow they Have within foe said Fence, pay and contribute to the Making and Maintaining foe laid Fence: And if any Penon or Persons shall deny, neglect, pr refuse to pay* make, and maintain, or contribute his or their Proportion of the said circular Fence* as aforesaid, then it shall and may beLawn Cnl for any Justice of the Peace of the! hid County, residing near wjipre such Default Ihfol happen upon View of foe laid Defect, to afiefs the Proportion , ox foe ihid Fence,; aforesaid, /and Levy the lame, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, dkeded to the Constable of the Precind where such Default shall happens upon foe:> Goods and .Chattels of Him or them >vho shall lb have Land and Meadows within,theTaW drcularFence, and shall nor will nor make, contribute or pay towards making foe fame^to be applied "to the Making of the said circular Fence, returning the Overplus, if any be, the Charge of Diftrels arid Sale being firif deduded.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons already have, or hereafter shall set his or their Fence in the Partition-Lirie ^n Lands and-Meadows between, him pr thfoi* b(sjxr their IS^ghbour be Neighbours, they shall make and maintain the Division-Fence equally: between them > and if either of them refuse or neglect so to do,' then foe "other may make and repair the said Division-Fence wholly, and shall recover the Charges *6f foe'iVrty or ^Parties refilling^ twA&dn of Debt, If above Forty Shillings, Jh %y Court of Record j if uri(kf Forty Shillings, before One of Tfcr Majel^’s Jufoces of the Pfeice, as the same shall be valued by the Overfeca-s of the* Fences appointed by this Act j and foe said Charge so valued, as aforesaid, shall bd Le vied on line Coods and Chattels of foe'Party or Parties To refilling* as afore^ faifor if above Forty ShilIin^s, With the Celts of Suit*by Execudon tliteded 'to foe Sheriff; if under Forty Shillings, by Warrant under'.the Hand and Seal of One of Her Majesty s Justices of the Peace, directed-ta the .Constable, returning foe Overplus, if any'be. L; ri: m

it fifrther Enacted by the fafoe Authority, That the several and rd-jfoedive Free-hblclers and Tenants in Possessicm,' at the Time of their Annual Mddiflgs, as by this Act isdirected, ;are‘hfeiteby Impowered to make Choice of Efficient PerTohs, to bd Viewers*-Overseers, and Judges of all and every tji£. respective. Pences within each City, Town, Manor* and1 Precmd,'. for the epfoing Year and all Or any of the Overseers and Viewers of Fences lb chosen, as^hfpresaid, that shall deny or Refufeperform the Duties and Services in!w cufltiberit by hrriror them to be ’done, pursuant to the true Intent; and Meaning

recovered

Amo Regn 't DecimoT Annas Regirust.

J 201

recovered in the Court of Common Pleas in the City or County where the Refusal or Denial shall happen to be made, and applied to the Defraying the Publick Charges of the said City and County respectively.

And be it further Enacted, That it shall and may be Lawful for the Mayors, Aldermen, and Commonalties of the Cities ana Counties of New-York and Albany for the time being, in Common-Council convened, to make such further Orders, Rules, and Directions, for the Making, Amending, and Maintaining the Partition Fences between die Free-holders and Tenants in Possession of the several and respective Jurisdictions, as they shall judge most proper and convenient, and to lay such Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments on the Person or Persons denying, neglecting, or refilling to obey such Orders, Rules, and Directions, so to be made by them respectively, as aforesaid, as they shall think fit, and to amend and alter the fame from time to time.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts of General Assembly formerly made within this Colony, for such part as relates to Fences, be and are hereby Repealed, and every Clause ana Article therein contained, to all Intents, Confirudions, and Purposes.

Provided always, and be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Height of the outside Fence for the County of , shall be Four

Foot and Four Inches, and not under; and the Height of the Partition Fences Four Foot, and not under; as also that the Height of both outside and inside Fences for Queem-County^ shall be Four Foot, and not under. This Act to remain in Force during the time of Seven Years, and no longer.

An Act for Encouraging the Indian Trade at Albany.

E ee

ACTS

1

ac>3

i7< >7< >7< 57SS3I

W /Vv /»^/m^m\i^x* ^4/m^oQQ /.m^/>*//*$ %m<*/m&»Si

5*.$ '/.< 5>»s /va\>/^ /*< //- ‘/^>/.\ ^/*s ft&KS 5mk 5*S 5w5 >/-

%3km&

?^N^/ v*/ x*/.. 2//*x //A /;»^ //»^ //»\

ACTSpaffedby the General Assembly of the Colony of New-York, in May, Sec. 1715.! being the First Year of His Majesty's Reign.

’ \v - ' 1 ’, I v * . ' f \ i ' ’ ■» t

An A&_ for the better Explaining one General Assembly, Temporary.

pa [fed th the Tear of our fiord, One, hundred and fourteen, Intituled\An Act for Paying ana Discharging

the several Debts and Sums of Money claimed as Debts of this Colony, to the several Persons therein named; and* to make and enforce the Currency of Bills of Credit to the Value of Twenty seven thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, for that purpose; also to make void all Claims and Demands made or pretended to be due from this Colony, before the First Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and to prevent this Colony from being in Debt for the future.

Q R the preventing and relojving all Disputes, Doubts, and Misconstrudiofis that have been made, or may happen and arise, in, about, or upon one Ad of General Assembly, made and passed in the Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and fourteen, Intituled, An Act for Paying and Dischar-, ging the several Debts and Sums of clcumed as Debts of this Chlony, to the several Persons therein named> and to make and enforce, the Currency, of Bills of Credit to r of Twenty [even thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, for that purpose; also to make void all Claims and Demands made or fretSnded to be due from' this , before the of

June, '■ One thousand seven hundred and fourteen» and to prevent this Colony from being in Debt for thefuture: Be it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and it is hereby Declared and Enacted by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said Act is meant or intended, or shall or may be construed to extend to hinder, bar, or exclude any Person or Persons whatlo-ever, having ariy just Claim or Demand on this Colony, who at the time of the making and passing one Ad of General Assembly, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen , of Blessed Memory, Intituled, An Act to appoint CotnmiJ/ioners to Examine and State the several Claims alledged as Debts of toe Government, or at the time of the making and passing the mid Ad of Assembly, Intituled, An Act for Paying and Discharging the several Debts, and Sums of Money claimed as Debts of this , &c. was within the Age of*

Twenty

Anno Regni Primo Georgii Regis.

tm «■ — ■- ig -

Twenty one Years, Feme-Covert, Non compos , Imprisoned, or beyond the Seas : But that all and every such Person and Persons having any just Claim or Demand on this Colony, after their coming to or being of lull Age, Disco-vert, of Sane Memory, at large, and returned from beyond the Seas, or in case of his, her, or their remaining beyond the Seas, by his, her, or their Attorney, Agent, or Commissioner, shall and lawfully may make and pursue any such their just Claim and Demand, and obtain and have such Remedy and Relief, as if the said Act of Assembly, Intituled, An Act for Paying and Discharging the federal Debts and Sums of Money claimed as Debts tf This dec. had

never been made ,• any thing in the lame, of any other Act of Assembly to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for a Supply to be Granted to Majestyifor ing His Government in the Prewince of New-York, and for Striking Eilts of Credit for* thatpurpafe.,

FO R the better Defraying the Publick and Neceftary Charges and Expence! of this His Majesty's Government, Be it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That front and after the First Day of July, in this present Year, thfcre be Raised, Levied, Collected, and Paid, the several and respective Duties and Customs hereafter spedfied, which are hereby given and granted unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Space and Term of Five Tears. -

For every Pipe of Wine that ftull be Imported into (his Colony directly from the place of it s Growth, Production, or Manufefture,the Sum of Seven Ounces and an half of Plate of the Spanish Coins of Se'viLy Pillary or , or the Value thereof in Lyon Dollars or Half-Dollars, at Thirteen Peny Weight and Eighteen Grains each Dollar, or in Bills of Credit current in this Colony j and so in Proportion for all greater and (mailer Quantities Imported, as aforesaid.

For every Pipe of Wine Imported from any other Place, than that of it’s Growth, Production, or Manufacture, the Sum of Fifteen Ounces of Plate aforesaid; and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Qpantity.

For every Gallon of Rum, Brandy, or other Distilled Liquors, Imported directly from the Place of it’s Production or Manufacture, the Sum of Fifteen Grains of Plate aforesaid.

For every Gallon of Rum, Brandy, or other Distilled Liquors, not directly Imported from the Place of it’s Production or Manufacture, or Imported in* any Vessel which has Traded, Trafficked, or broke Bulk, in any other Port or Place, after the fame has been leaden on Board her, and before her coming into this Colony, the Sum of Thirty Grains of Plate aforesaid (Cafes of evident Ne-Celfity only excepted.)

For every Hundredweight of Cocoa, Imported directly from the Place of it’s Growth, or from any Island, Part or Place of the West-Indies, One Ounce of Plate aforesaid.

For every hundred Weight of Cocoa, not directly Imported from the Place of it’s Growth, or from any Island, Part or Place of the West-Indies, Two Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

For

205

Anno Regni Prima Georgii Regis.

For all European Goods Imported into this Colony from , Twelve Ounces and an half of like Plate for every Hundred Pounds Value Prime Cost; and so in Proportion for a greater or smaller Quantity.

For all European Goods Imported into this Colony from any other of His Majesty's Plantations, Eighteen Ounces and three quarters of Plate aforesaid, for every Hundred Pounds Value, Prime Cost, so Imported; and so in Proportion for a, greater of smaller Quantity.

For every Negroe Imported directly from in Vessels wholly owned

by the Inhabitants of this Colony, Five Ounces of Plate aforesaid, and no greater or other Sum whatsoever j any former or other Law to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

For every Negroe or other Slave Imported from the Twelve

Ounces and an half of Plate aforesaid, and no greater or other Sum whatsoever j any former Law, to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

For the Tonnage of all Vessels Trading into or out of this Colony, the Sum of Seven Peny Weight and an half of Plate aforesaid for each Ton, and no greater or other Sum whatsoever ( Coasting Sloops belonging to the,

JJlandy Connecticut^ or New-fferfey, whilst their Navigation is to and from those Parts, Ships directly from Great Britain, Ships and other Vessels built in this Colony, pr wholly owned by the Inhabitants thereof, only excepted ;) any former Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the effectual tColleding the aforesaid Duties imposed by this Act on the Tonnage on Vessels and on Negroes, in manner aforesaid, the Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed for Collecting the fame,'shall be inverted with all and every the Powers and Authorities mentioned and contained in an Act of General Assembly of this Colony, passed in the Thirteenth Year of Her late Majesty's Reign* Intituled, An Act for levying and Baying the federal Duties therein

for the Use: of this Colonyj and the said respective Duties shall be Levied, Col-leded, and Paid, under the fame Pains and Penalties, Regulations, Restrictions* Conditions* and Forfeitures, and in like Manner and Method, as is prescribed and directed in and by the said: Ad j any Law, Custom or E/fage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Bread and Flour Exported from this City of New-York> be brought to His Majesty's Beam, and weighed j and that there be paid for Weighing the fame unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Ten Grains of Plate aforesaid for every Hundred Weight so Weighed.

Provided nevertheless, That all and every Person or Persons inclinable to Transport any Bread or Flour without Weighing the fame ( which they are here* by permitted to do ) shall be obliged, before he or they Ship the fame, to deliver;a Copy of his or their Entry of the said Bread or Flour made by him or them, in the Custom-house to the Weigh-Master, or his Deputy, and at the fame "time pay unto the said Weigh-Master, or his Deputy, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sutn of Five Shillings for every Sixteen Half-Barrels of Flour, and Two Shillings and Six Pence for every Eight'Barrels of Bread > and so in Proportion for a greater or smaller Quantity : And that act Cocoa, whether Imported or Exported, be brought to the Beam aforesaid* and weighed; and that there be paid to His Majesty* His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Thirty Grains of Plate aforesaid, for every Hundred Weight of Cocoa so weighed; and so in Proportion foj: any greater Quantity.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more regular Collecting and Paying the Rates and Duties hereby given and granted for the Weighing the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes before mentioned, all and every Person and Persons who shall Export from, or Import into, the City of New-York any of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, of

F f f the

206 Amo RegHi Frbm Georgii Regis.

the Weight or Quantity aforesaid, without Weighing the fame at His Majesty's Beam, and Answering and Paying the Rates and Duties aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Hundred Weight so Imported or Exported* as aforesaid, contrary to the Meaning of this Act, without Weighing the fame at His Majesty's Beam aforesaid, to be recovered before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the said City j One Half to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Half to him who shall Prosecute or Sue for the fame*

And for the due and orderly Collecting the Rates and Duties before imposed bn Wine, Rum, Brandy, and other Distilled Liquors, and European Goods, and Cocoa, and for preventing Frauds and Imbezilments of those Rates and Duties j Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master, Mate, or Purser of all and every Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, that Hull come into any Creek, Port, or Harbour within this Province, to Trade or Traffick, shall repair and come to His Majesty's Custom-house, and there make Report of all such Parcel or Parcels of Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, as he or they hath or have on Board his or their Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, and also declare Upon Oath, that he or they have not broke Bulk since his or their Arrival within this Province, before he or they made such Report, as aforesaid; and all Merchants who have any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes bn Board any such Ships or Vessels, as aforesaid, shall, at the said Custom-house, make a true and di-ftinft Entry of all and every such Parcel or Parcels of Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, as he or they hath or have on Board all or any and every such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, as aforesaid; and if any Difference shall arise about the Value of the European Goods so entred, the Collector for the time being, or his Deputy, is hereby authorized and required to Administer an Oath to all and every such Person or Persons making such Entry, as aforesaid, that the said Entry is according to the Invoice or Invoices sent to him or them from the Place or Places from whence such Goods or Merchandizes did come; and if the Collector or his Deputy shall not rest satisfied therewith, the Merchant or Merchants Entring such European Goods, shall give Proof upon Oath to the Value of the fame, as near as may be, and pay die Duties accordingly.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Master, Mate, or Purser of any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, or any Merchant, Factor, or other, shall break Bulk or land any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, before he or they make Report and Entry, and pay, or secure to be paid, the Duties hereby imposed, all the Goods so Landed, or taken from on Board, without or before Report and Entry made, shall be forfeited, One Third Part thereof to be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be applied to the Support of His Majesty's Government in this Colony, One Third Part to the Governor of this Colony for the time being, and the other Third Part to the Person who shall Sue for the fame, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record within this Province, where no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons Importing into this Province any European Goods, Cocoa, Wine, Rum, Brandy, or other Distilled Liquors, shall, upon Entring the fame, pay unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duties herein before given and granted thereon, or well and sufficiently secure the same to be paid, as aforesaid, within the Space of Three Months from the Day of the Entry thereof j and if any Person or Persons shall refuse or delay to pay, or secure to be paid, the said Duties, that then, and in such case, it shall and may be Lawful for the Collector to take and detain the said European Goods, Cocoa, Wine, Rum, Brandy* or other Distilled Liquors, for the Space of Three Months, Or until the Duty given by this Act is and shall be paid and satisfied; and if the Duties be not paid within the said Three Months, that then the Collector shall and may, at the : - Expira-

Anm Regia Prim Georgii Regis.

.207

Expiration hereof, expose to Sale the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes fa detained, returning to the Owners the Overplus (if any be ) the Duties and Charges of the Side being first deduced.

Provided always, ana it is hereby further Enacted, That if the Owner or Importer of any Cocoa shall, upon the Importation thereof, enter into Bond to His Majesty, with sufficient Surety, in the Penalty of Twenty Pounds for each Ton, to Export the fame, or any part thereof, directly to Great , within the Space of Fifteen Months from the time of it’s Importation, that then, and in such case, the Owner or Importer shall pay the afore-mentioned Duty or Duties for no greater or other Quantity than such as he shall not, as aforesaid, enter into Bond to Export in manner before mentioned; and in case such Owner or Importer shall neglect or refuse to Export the Quantity which he or they shall so, as aforesaid, oblige themselves to Export in the time mentioned in the Bond, that theri he or they shall pay the aforesaid Duties respectively given on the said Cocoa, and be debarred from the Benefit of any Drawback thereon, though he should at any time after Export it. And to prevent any Frauds or Abuses, the Exporter of any Cocoa shall, at the time of his Entrine the lame for Transporta-tion, make Oath, that the lame is all, or such part of such a Parcel or Quantity of Cocoa Imported into this Province, at such a Time, in such a Vessel, from such a Place, expressing the Parcel or Quantity of Cocoa Imported, the Time when, the Vessel’s Name, and from what Place or if the said Exporter shall have bought the Cocoa, so by him Entred for Exportation, from any other Person or Persons in this Province, then he shall give Proof by the Person or Persons from whom he bought the fame, or by the Person or Persons who Imported the fame, that the said Cocoa so by him Entred for Exportation, is all or such part of such a Parcel or Quantity of Cocoa Imported into this Province, at such a Time, in such a Vdfel, from such a Place, expressing the Quantity Imported, the Time when, the Vessel’s N«une, and from what Place, as aforesaid.

' And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Duties hereby laid and given, shall be paid to the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, who is hereby Impowered to receive the same.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Importation of any European Goods, Cocoa, Rum, Brandy, or other Distilled Liquors aforesaid, the Owner or Owners, Importer or Importers thereof, shall give to the said Treasurer a Copy of the Entry of the respective Quantities of the several Goods aforesaid, so by him Entred with the Collector, and pay, or •secure to be paid for the same, the Duties aforesaid; and that upon such Payment or Security given, the said Treasurer shall give to the Importer or Owner aforesaid, without Fee or Reward, a Certificate, signifying, that the Duty for iiach and such Quantities of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as are by him Imported, are paid, or secured to be paid; upon which Certificate the Collector shall permit the Owner or Owners, Importer or Importers, to Unload and Land the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, and not otherwise.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the afore-mentioned Duties on Negroes, and the Tonnage of Vessels, and the Duties given •for Weighing at His Majesty's Beam, shall be paid to the said Treasurer by thp respective Officers appointed, or to be appointed to Colledfc and Receive those Duties, when and so often as they shall be thereunto respectively required by the said Treasurer, whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same.

And whereas the Indian Nations are very much wavering in their Faith and Allegiance to the Crown, His Majesty's Forts and Fortifications in this Province very much gone to Decay, and the Necessity of His Majesty's Government in many Cafes such as will and do demand a more speedy. Supply than can, from time to time, come in by the Duties given by this A &: Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Bills of Credit to the Value of Fifteen

thousand

io8 Anno Regni Pr'tmo Georgii Regis.

thousand Ounces of Plate, shall be forthwith Printed, that is to say. Two hundred Bills of Twenty five Ounces of Plate, or Ten Pounds Value each} Two hundred Bills of Twelve Ounces and an half of Plate, or Five Pounds Value each j Two hundred Bills of Ten Ounces of Plate, or Four Pounds Value each} Two hundred Bills of Five Ounces of Plate, or Two Pounds Value each ,* One thousand Bills of Two Ounces and an half of Plate, or Twenty Shillings Value each ,• One thousand Bills of One Ounce and a quarter of Plate, or Ten Shillings Value each } Twelve hundred Bills of Twelve Peny Weight and an half of Plate, or Five Shillings Value each : On which Bills mall be impressed on the Left-fide of the said Bill, about the middle of the Side, the Arms of the City of New-York. And the said Bills shall be in Form following,

THIS Indented Bill of ----- Ounces of Plate, or — - - due from the Colony ©/New-York to the Possessor shall

he in Value equal to Money, and shall he Accepted accordingly by the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, in all Publick Payments, and for any Fund at any time in the Treasury. Dated in New-York the Firfi Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and fifteen, by Order of the Governor, Council, and General Ajjemhly.

Which Bills shall be Signed and Nufnbred by Robert $ Cruger, David Provojt junior, and John Read, Esquires, or any Three of them; and In case of the Death, Removal, or Refusal of any of the said Persons, the said Bills shall be Sign’d and Numbred by the major part of the Persons above* mentioned, then Alive } which Bills of Credit to be made and ilftied by Virtue of this Act, shall be and continue Current for and during the Space and Time of Five Years, to be computed from the Days of their respective Dates, and shall be received and paid for the same Value, and be equal to the Current Coin passing in this Colony, for Goods, or any other thing bought and sold by all Perforts whatsoever residing in and passing through this Colony, according to their Rates,' and the Tender of the said Bills for Payment, or Discharging of any Debt or Debts, Bargain, Sale of any Land or Lands, or other Things, Bond% Mortgages, Specialties, and Contracts whatsoever, shall be as effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Current Silver Coin of this Cottony had been offered and tendred for the Discharge of the fame, or any part thereof. -. • -7 . .7'

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, Creditor or Creditors, Obligee or Obligees, and Party or Parties to any Contract, Covenant, Bargain or Agreement whatsoever, already made, or hereafter to be made at any time during the Currency of the said Bills, shall. Upon Tender of all or any their Debts, Dues, and Demands whatsoever, or any Part of them, in the Bills of Credit made Current by this Act, refuse to accept or receive the said Bills of Credit in Discharge of the said Debts, Dues, or Demands, or any Part of them, according to their Values and Rates, he, file, or they, so refusing to accept the said Bills of Credit in Discharge; as aforesaid, shall lose the said Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, or such Part ofihe •fame, so refofed} and they and every of them, their and every of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, shall for ever be barred from bringing. his, her, or their Action for the Recovery of the said Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, so refused, as aforesaid} and the Defendant may plead this Act in Bar to any Action or Actions that shall be so commenced.

Be

209

Anno Regrii Pr'tmo Georgii Regis,

.. Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Per-, (bns whatsoever within this Colony, shall at any time, during the Currency of the said Bills, offer to fell, or expose to Sale, any Goods or Chattels, Lands or Tenements whatsoever, and deny or refuse to fell, or ask a greater Value* for the fame, unless Payment be made in Current Silver Money, Gold, Plate, Dollars, or other Species whatsoever, and not in the said Bills of Credit ( whereby the Credit of the said Bills may be impaired) then, and in such case,^the Person so exposing to Sale, and refusing, as aforesaid, shall, if the Goods and Chattels exposed to Sale be under the Value of Five Pounds, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for each Offence, to be recovered before any Justice of the ^eace, upoa the Oath v of any Two Witnesses* and if the Value of the Goods-or Chattels,1 Lands or Tenements, he ’above-Five Pounds, and under Fifty Poundsr, tJbie Exposer, to Sale shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds; and if the Goods or Chattels, Lands or Tenements, b® above the Value of Fifty Pounds, and under One hundred Pounds, the Exposer to Sale shall forfeit the Sum of Ten‘pdun^ r and if foe Vklue of the Goods or Chattels, Lands or Tenements, be above-‘Cfce’<hundred Pounds, foeExpofer to Sale -shall forfeit1 Fifty Pounds, taibe refoyeYeU by Action of Debt in apy Court of Record within this Colony* with Cost ^&iit t t|i<? first Forfeiture tosthe JJfe of any Person that shall Sue for and Krofecutd the-fanie to effect; the other Half to His Majesty, His Heirs &ucfoifors,‘ *to be applied towards the Support of the Government of this Colon/V '.any:XaW^ fouftomi or XJfage to the contrary in any wise notwith-finding. \ v; <--'■/ ‘ : \,\v \ y\ .*

And be it .Ifoafted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Persons appointed for the SigfiThg 6f thb laid’Bills of Credit,' shall take an^Oath' before any Justice of the Peace, of fois Colony, for the true Signing and Delivering of all the said Bills "of Credit,- and no more than what is mentioned in this Act, to the Treasurer of this Colony, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act> \ •;

.. And be foEnaftedby the Authority aforesaid,1 That the:Quantity of Plate that each Bill shall be Current for, and the Value of the lame, shall be printed on the Top^of each Bill. -

?;And be1 at Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tha Jabn

&ug?r)tyanjiidPr<nioJl junior, and John Read aforesaid, appointed hereby to Sign the Bills of Credit ftiade Current .by this Act, shall, for. such their Service* gave paid unto each of them, or .each of their 'Executors, or Assigns, by the ■STrealurer aforesaid, ip $iUs of Credit made Current by this Act, the Sum. of ITlurty fovpfr Ounces juid, a half of Plate* as, a, Reward for their Trouble ip Signing, JNmnbring, (^onyparing* and Cancelling the Bills afqresaidv .And fos Treasurer of this; Colony, hereby directed to pay the same accordingly f-any foing in-tjiis'Act to the contrary in*any wise notwithstandfog*

And be k Eeaftec^ by .foe Authority aforesaid* Thpt if any^Person. or Perfpfts ^batfoev)e5?‘ shall prefome to Counterfeit any of the said BUJsriie or they being Convicted thereof, mail incur the Pains ana Penalties of Felony, without Ben Iftefit of Glqrgyj and fliaBfufifer accordingly.

■J And that the said Bills may be truly, and bona fide fonk, as 'foe Fund arising by Virtue of this Act is paid unto the Treasurer of this Colony for’ the tim^ being* Be y Enacted.by; the Authority. aforesaid, That the Treasurer of tfos <Golony mall yearly retain in his Hands the Sum of Three thousand; Ounces of Plato, out of; foe first Money yearly arising by Virtue of this Act* which laid Sum of Three thousand Ounces of Plate, so retained in his Hands*, shall yearly and every Year, on the First Day of July, during the Continuance of this Act* 2nd on the First Day of July, which mall be in thf Year of pur (Lord, One thousand seven hjuridred arid twenty, by the Treasurer aforesaid,’foe given in Exchange for B»)ls of Credit made Current by this Act, to any Person or Persons bringing in the fame; and the said Bills of Credit shall, on or before the Expi™

' G g g ration

2 tO

Anno Regni ftrbno Georgii Regis,

ration of One Month after the said First- Day of July Yearly, be funk and destroyed in the Presence of the said Robert John druger, ’David Pro-

vofi junior, and John Ready or the major part of them then Alive, having first compared the said Bills with their Couriterparts, and entred in a Book to be kept for that purpose the Number and Value of each Bill of Credit To funk andl destroyed. ' 1

And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer aforesaid shall, within One Month after the Publication of this Act, take the following Oath (viz.) ' ■..>

'v ’ .

1A.B. appointed Treasurer of the Calonyqf New-York, wifi, faithfully and truly discharge the Trufi reposed in ai Treasurer of the fame: I will not issue, dispose, or apply, of

cause to he issued, dispojed, applied\ or paid any Montes that

now is, or may hereafter come into my Hands, as Treasurer aforesaid, otherwise than is, or pall he directed by this or any other Act or Acts of the General

and I will keep true and faithful all the

Rffefts that is, or may come info my. and

that pall he issued and paid by me by Virtue of any

with the Times of my Receiving- Md Raying, of the fame /;

So Help me dod*

Which Oath shall be Administred by any One of Hist Majesty's Council, of any Justice of the Peace itrthrs Colony,Xtvfto are herebyimpowered anti required to Administer the-fame."1 - -1, ' '; j

Pj-ovided always, and.it. is hereby further pnafted. That in cafe1 the said Ro* bert Walter, John Orugtry David Provost junior,T oj" John Reddi£orehi<L shall happen to Die, or refofe to Act, or remove beyond the Seas,before the Duties and Services hereby required of them, be performed arid acetrinpliflieA .foat then, and in such case, the GovemoY-fot the trine .belngi with' the Advice artd Consent of the Council, niay Appoint arid Nonjiriaie thie iikfe1 Number df bther substantial Free-holders*of the City'oFto'djtricUto all and feVety the Powers hereby given to foe dforefaicl John Crugfr}

David Provost-junior, and John Read} ’^d'shall ebritittufc inTjke manner to

execute the lame, till others be appointed-by Act of General Assembty, arid receive the feme-Heward for.their Services hereini in the feme Proportionas is before directed ta.be paid to the said Robert Walter}Jpfo Cntger;.

•voft junior;7 arid Jdm RetnL-- -: : 1 - : . . - :J

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer Of this Colony &all'pay, or eause to be paid,' the Bills of Credit hereby made Current, and likewise all and every Sum arid Sums of Money that shall cortta jo his Hands by'Vhtuebfthis Act, over and above the said Bills of Credit, to such PeifUn and Persons, and in such manner, as he shall, from, time-to timel be directed, by Warrant tit Warrants tobfepaft in-council, under the Hand and Seal of the Governor or Commander in Chief of this Colony for the timd being, by and 'with the Adyky and Consent of the said Council y which Wat^ rants, Endorsed .by the Persons to whomih^aremade payable; shall be a fof* fi^mDifHiarge to’theftW Wamrit$shall benumbted, and

paid in Courife-,\ ‘according: to -{heir -Nuiiftfoif.' And; to the end -tlta Treasuret may at all trines-know whatWarrarits are dt awQ, the Clerk of the Ceuricil Tot

; ' the

Anno Regni Rritm ^ebrgii, Reg#.

an

the time being, is hereby directed and required, immediately after the Drawing of any Warrant or Warrants, to signifie to the Treasurer, sunder his and} the Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom such Warrant or Warrants , are made payable, together with the Sums and Numbers of thq lame. \ ... ;■ _ ._ _ ,i,

Provided always, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That the Treasurer of this Colony shall nevertheless pay, or cauie tP;be paid, in Bills of Credit hereby made Current, to all and every the Members-, of the General Assembly of this Colony* Ten Shillings Diem for each Day they have fen. ved, or {ball’ fervey from theiFirst Day of this.,present Selfioqof Assembly, tq the First Day of Jamary next epfuing, upon a Certificate tq be produced to him by each and every me laid Member, Sign’d by the Speaker of the said Act fembly for the time being, expressing.the Number of Days , that each Member has attended the Service of the said General Assembly within the said time; and the Receipt of each of the said Members Endorsedon his Certificate shall he a sufficient JPtifcharge to the said Treasurer for so much.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Certificate for the Speaker’s Sendee in the House, shall be Sign’d by the Majority of the House; and the Treafitfer is hereby ordered to take Notice of it, _ and pay it accordingly; and the said SpeakersReceipt shall be a pifeharge to the said Treasurer for. so much.

.1 . :H :■)c.: ’ rj.iS\j. . • / i d:'.:

An Act Declaring9,1 That all Ptrjbnsi of F

e

r

• after fawnywd ffiewvd, ip Pave,

~ and for Naturalizing all Protestants , now In*

habiting within this1 Cdlofy 1 '!! 1 r r -

•J

• *r; rV

.1

Mr.

c. 1

Hereas by Letters Patents under thp (£reat Seal of England, d*te<Athe *tolvm Day of March, in the Sixteenth .yejar p|;i^/ir&/ the Sqcond, t[j.,j dve $qUand*t^vernmuentpf thisColony yva^ wipe JaiH King? gj^en and granted to His then Dearest Brother uke or Tori; his ^era;and

umpngfl^jqiherthe jPowets tnefetnfahd therapy given terhe laid Duke,; ftiv^as Granted, f That it should and plight be LawfoJ |or jthe fafd:^«jke* *■' " ira a®d> Assignjy (or apy- <of them, at all and every ‘pfime or Tipies'h^re*

And liyjjppd^ HMVyfeapce ;f Apd [whereas by tf$ Arodft made PPfljq 5an>* gender ^tfciis, Province $q the Qrowp of was, amongst other tplpgs*

Stipulated,!. That ^Ij People inpuld continue free EtepifWf,' and enpy^their Lands upd i^qpfe§ wheresoever they-were within this Colony, i and dispose of them as they pleased, that any People might come from die Netherlander^ and pia« In,\thi5 CqlP»y{}:iafld^the then -Military Dicers and[ inters belonging jtqjhe DtfjtbJJLarrifqn^, mat vwould Plants Ihoulq hatre fifty Afres of

Cand £t. qwt, for th^s ViApd whereas, in purfuaace of the said Articles m£le on the Surrender " and settle were ^iv

the

2il Anno Regn't Prhuo Georgii Regis.

the Tame, had, by Virtue of the Articles made on the said Surrender, and the said Letters of Denization, Privilege and Power to purchase, receive/ take, hold, buy, and possess Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within this Government, and them might'occupyi«nd enjoy, give, fell, alien, and bequeath, as they shall see Cause: And whereas for the Invitation and further Encourage- ment of People so:£ome and settle in this Colony, arid In Order to quiet the Minds of His Majesty's Subjects, then Inhabiting the fame. Sir Edmond then Governor of this Province under his Royal Highness then Duke of York, in’ a Proclamation by-him emitted the Ninth Day of November x One thousand six hundred seventy four, by Command of the said Duke, did Proclaim and Declare, That all former Grants, Privileges, or Concessions, before that time granted, and all Estates legally possessed by any under his Royal Highness before the late Dutch Government,/-were-rherel>yconfirmed, and the Possessors, by

Virtue thereof/to remain in quibt PolTelfran of their Rights : And whereas for the further Quieting the Mirids'of His Mijfc'ffys Subjects of Foreign Birth, inhabiting this Colony^ and for the1 further Invitation and EnCouragement of such is would comp, inhabit, and improve the*f^e, an Act of the General Assembly of this Province Was alfetifod in the Year One thousartd six hundred eighty three, by the then Governor Colonel T/w/7dr Dongan^ Intituled Act for Naturalizing all ihefe of foreign Nations, inhibiting w Chlonyx

and prof effing Christianity, and for Encouragement of other* to come and settle within the same, and expressed in the following Words, ('viz. ) " Forasmuch *<• as several Persons of divers Foreign Nations,- professing Christianity, now are,

<c_ and for ^divers Years past have been actual and settled Dwellers and Inhabi-.

<c tants within this Province, under the Allegiance of His Majesty of Great Britain, otur Dread Soveigign, and.the Obedience of his Royal Highness, and -I fdefire tqcohtirilje indiertftirt/arid Nituralizifed, becortib >asEiis ivia-.

Vpity’s N?tur^-l»m;Sribjfe$^: Be ij>y the^VflrbWj; C,cKin§il/ and

" Representatiyw npw Authority ^hereof, rThat ;?il and

<c. every such Person or PeTdh's,pfvwhat Foreign Natiof^foev^r they be,pr(Testing ^•Chfifti anity/and that now ire iduiij 'InhibiraHfe within this Provhfoe/and have " \akfen and fub^so^dy orithVt feall.t^kko dj. fixbfa-ib&do xhe Cfath'.of Allegi-<c ance, are and shall be hereby Naturaliz^.^fld) ifv ^M ReJfeds ^ecpjuqted <c and esteemed as His Majesty's Natural-born Subjects, and mall hive and enjoy <cr ajl such Privileges, Freedoms, and Immunities within this Province other ?t;-His MajestyY$Ubj^ds dohive, or enjoy!; ,t "; " T

f i , ec Provided, Nc^hirig contained in this? Ad/is to bOjcoriftrUed to; or

*‘Tet at Liber^. i^ Servant/Bond-man,1 Have, b'l^ imly to have relation to jcTueh Persons as are Free at4he making h^6F. / ‘ ' - r: T

litfc ;And be it further Enacted’bjr the Authority aforesaid/ That klTarid every ft P^ifon arid Persons, Foreigners,-of what Nation foev^r, <profcftirig -Christianity

" that it iahy time hereafter foali coriier‘'and 'arrive Withltt the said Province

*° with an Intent to become His Majesty’s* Subjects,; aridr to Dwell, Settlej and K Tnh^bit atcordm^ly, and taker th? Gath xif Alh^ianccf to.His Tafid Majesty, and <e Fidelity to his Royal Highness the LpriT Proprietor 'fof-this Pfoyftice/1 every such Person or Persons may be Natui/ilize& by Ad of Aflen1biyjr;afld from thenceforth shall, in all Respects, be accounted, deemed, and: eftfeemed as *JHis^$Majesty?s Natural-born Subjects, and ’shall have arid 1 enjoy all Toch Piivi-f* legt/i/'FreedomS, and Imnriuhities/WkBiu'triis Prtwinpe^ as other His Majesty*5 io Subjects have and enjoy/;'/ ' -.Tpj'i - ’ \--y < •

/ ’■•'jfmirjvhereds puriiiartt to tl^e periveris graritedfo the themDuke of Iw^/several Slrririgbrs, willifjg^(tdibeCome? HisI Majesty’s^Subjedsy^'and-live -undevFSs;Allegi-SHte, Wire Imported into tHiiPfoVirite/irid^did feitlb irf aft^d imprdvie'the fame, ac^irfrffe’to thdnTelves,' Witfr'fhei Chrifefit1ahd Appircfbatidri-Of the; (»dvi'erriment, l^efaf Lands/tenements; aridfHereditSiriefft^1!; And^whiteas oh‘;a ^rm De* psehdarice on the Publick Faith1 for.the inufol^e Adheridi'C-fe to, find Eiithful

Per-

213

Anno Regni Primo Georgii Regis.

Performance; of the Articles made on the Surrender aforesaid, many of the Subjects of the High and Mighty States of the United Provinces remained in this Colony as His Majesty Y Subjects, and quietly held and enjoyed the Lands they were possess’d of, ana acquired other Lands,. Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the fame : And. whereas by the Invitations and great Encouragements given by the Governors of this Province, under his then Royal Highness, and particularly the great Encouragement given by the before recited Act of Assembly, aifented to, as aforesaid, great Number of Prptestants of Foreign Birth did come and settle in this Colony, to the great Increase of Trade and Navigation, and considerable Improvement of this Province; And whereas by many Intermarriages, Wills, Deeds of Sale, and other Mefiie Conveyances In the . Law* several Estates, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, formerly posselfed by Persons of Foreign Birth or Extraction, who settled in this Province on the Motives before expressed, have been and are become the Possessions, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of His Majesty *s Natural-born Subjects of His Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland,or feme of the Dominions thereunto belonging; Therefore to render HisMa jesty’s Subjects secure in the peaceable and quiet Enjoyment of their several Estates, Rights, and Properties, to prevent any Doubts, Centro verfies, or Disputes, that may hereafter arise.upon or concerning the true Meaning, tntent, and Validity of the before mentioned Powers granted to the Duke of York', the Articles made and agreed to on the Surrender, the Letters of Denization, Proclamations, Invitations, and Act of Assembly, or any of them, and to Settle and Quiet the Minds of His Majesty's Subjects inhabiting in this Colony; we pray. That it may be Enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That all Persons of Foreign Birth now deceas’d, inhabiting and being within this Colony at any time before the First Day of November, One thousand six hundred eighty three, and being seized of Lands, Tenements, and •Hereditaments, shall for ever hereafter be deemed, taken, and esteemed to have been Naturalized, and Entitled to all the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages of any the Natural-born Subjects of this Colony; and all Bequests, Deeds, Grants, and Mesne Conveyances in the Law, made or done , by any of them,; shall be deemed to be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if they had been done and executed by any of His Natural-born Subjects.of this Colony; and any Person or Persons holding any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by, from, or under any such Person or Persons of Foreign Birth, shall be deemed to be, and is hereby as fully and rightfully Entitled to the fame, to every Intent and Purpose whatsoever, as if such Person or Persons had held by, from, or under any of His Majesty's Natural-born Subjects of this Colony.

And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person of Foreign Birth now alive, and who did inhabit within this Colony before the said First Day of November, in the Year of- our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty

three, shall for ever hereafter be deemed to have been Naturalized, and mall enjoy all the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages, that any of His Majesty's Natural-born Subjects of tfiis Colony do, or of right ought to enjoy; and any De-s yife, Bequest, Deed, Grant, or Mesne Conveyance in the Law, heretofore made by any such Person of Foreign Birth, shall be as effectual to all Purposes and Intents whatsoever, as if the fame had been done and executed by any of His Majesty's Natural-born Subjects of this Colony.

And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons of Foreign Birth, who have come and inhabited in this Colony at any time since the said Year of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty three, and purchased any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and conveyed the fame by Mesne Conveyances of the Law, or died seized of the fame, every such Person shall for ever hereafter be deemed, taken, and esteemed to have been Naturalised

H h h and

2T4

Anno Regni Prnno Georgii Regis.

and any Bequest, Grant, Deed, or other Mesne Conveyance in the Law, made, done, or executed by any such Person or Persons of Foreign Birth, as aforesaid, and now dead, shall be deemed, taken, and esteemed to be as good, valid, and' effectual in the Law,r to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes' whatsoever, as if the fame had been made, done, or executed by ariy of His Majesty's Natural-born Subjects of this Coiohy j and the Heirs, Grantees, Legatees, Feoffees, or any such Person or Persons of Foreign Birth, as aforesaid, holding any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by, from, or tinder any'such Person or Persons' of Foreign Birth, shall have, hold, enjoy, poffofs, occupy, and be entitled to the' fame, as folly and rightfully, ds if the said Lands and Tenements had defended' from, or been granted or cofiveyed by any of His Majesty's Natural-born Subjects of this Colony; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary herqof in any wise notwithstanding. ‘

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons of Foreign Birth, being Protestants, now alive, ana inhabiting in this Colony, shall1 be and are hereby declared to be His Majesty's Natural Subjects, and shall enjoy" all the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages that arty OfHiS Majesty's Natural-born’ Subjects do, or of right ought to have and enjoy.

Provided always, and it is hereby Enacted, That every such Persons now' alive, shall, within Nine Months after the Publication hereof take the Oaths by’ Law appointed' to be taken instead of the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, subscribe the Test, and make, repeat, and swear tO, and subscribe the Abjurar rion Oath, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record within this ColOhy; which said Courts respectively are hereby Authorized and Required, upon Application to them made, to Aamirtifter the fame, and take the Subscriptions, as aforesaid, and cause the Names of the Person and Persons so Swearing and Subscri-. bingi to be entred Upon Record in the said Court I for which every Person and Persons is hereby required and directed to pay the Sum of Six Shillings, current Money of New-York, to thfe Judge of the said Courts respectively, and Three ‘ Shillings to the Clerk.

-• And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if afiy Person or Persons, having so Sworn and Subscribbd, as aforesaid, shall demand a Certificate or Certificates of his being entred upon Record in manner aforesaid, the said Court or Courts are hereby directed and required to grant the fame, utider the Hand and Seal of the Judge of the said Court, countersign’d by the Clerk of the said Court $ for which Certificate every such Person or Persons, requiring the fame, shall pay, over and above the Nine Shillings before frientioned, the Sum of Three Shillings; one Half to the Judge of the said Court or Courts respectively, and the other Half to the Clerk thereof; which said Certificate or Certificates shall at all times be a sufficient Proof of the Person or Persons being Naturalized by this Act, as if the Record aforesaid were actually produced by them, or any of them.

Provided always, and it is hereby further Enacted, That in case it so happen, any of the Persons now alive, of Foreign Birth above mentioned, shall depart this Life before the Term of Nine Months be expired, Or before the Publication of this Act, every such Person, so departing this Life, as aforesaid, shall notwithstanding be deemed and esteemed to have been His Majesty's Natural Sttbjeft, as folly, as if he or fee had been borri within this Colony, or had taken the Oaths aforesaid j any Law, Custom or Usage ro the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

: i

ooooie

Anno Regni Frimo Georgii Regis.

*5

An ASfor Laying aDutyotrGoods Jold byVendue, ofc.Expired in

Outcry. ‘7‘8*

An Act for Appointing an Agent, and Directing the Treasurefc Expired. of this Colony to pay the Stem of Five hundred Ounces Pearly to John Chatripante, Agent, to Negotiate the Affairs : of this Colony at the Court of Great: Britain.

BE it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Publication of this Act, it shall not be Lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever f Native Free Indians only excepted.) from and-after the ^irst Day-of May* until the First Day of September annually, to gather; rake, take up* or bring to the Market, any Oysters whatsoever, under the Penalty of Twenty Shillings- for evaryOffence; to be Recovered before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who are hereby Authorized and Required to Hear and finally Determine the fame; one Half thereof to him, her, or them that shall Prosecute the same to effect, and the other Half to the Poor of the Place where the Offence shall be committed.

And be it further Ena<5ked by the; Authority iforesaid, That- jt shall not be Lawful for any Negro, Indian, or Mulatto Slave, to foil any Oysters in the City of New-York at any time whatsoever, upon the Penalty of Twenty Shillings for every Offence, to be paid by the Mailer or Mistress of such Slave or Slaves; to be Recovered and Applied, as aforesaid. This Act to be in Force,

from the Publication hereof, during the Term of Five Years, and no longer.

• ‘ \ ,; t v % f

- ' ’ * k,

An Act to Enable Sarah Crego, Widen* of Richard Crego, late of New-York, Mariner, ’to fell a Lot of Land

in the said City.

An

ooooie

216

Anno Regni Primo Georgi

An Act for Declaring John Slofs Free from the Duty of Ton-

nage.

WHereas the said John Slofs,by his Petition presented to the General Assembly, hath let forth. That he having brought a Vessel, built in the Colony of Connecticut, to the Port of the City of New-York, the Duty of Tonnage was demanded of him, pursuant to an Act of General Assem-bly palfed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty,' IdriVuled,. An Act for Levying and Raying the everal Duties therein mentioned^ for the Use

of this Colony, notwithstanding he is in the actual Possession of a Fafm of con-nderable Value, lying and being in the Province of for which he

annually pays Quit-Rents, and the usual Taxes, and is also a Free-Yndn of the said City: Be it therefore Declared and Enacted by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That the said John Slofs is hereby Acquitted, Discharged, Free, and Exempted from paying the said Duty of Tonnage for the said Vessel, and the Penalties and Forfeitures mentioned and expressed in the said Act, as freely ^nd absolutely,to all Intents, Con-flruftions, and Purposes, ds any Inhabitants of the said Colony are.

An Act for Building a County-House in Dutchess-

Coun ty, with'in this Colony.

Expired in 1718.

An Act for the Encouraging Navigation.

ExjP7fe.in for Reviving an Act, An Act for the better Settling the Militia of this Province, and making it more Useful for the Security and Defence thereof; and for Repealing all former Acts heretofore made in this Province . relating to the fame. Y

had its An Act for the Treasurers Paying everal Persons therein

E and for Paying the Excise in Arrear to the Treasurer.

An

Anno Regni Primo Georgii Regis.

217

An Act for Continuing an Act of General Assembly, , ExJ’^ ia

An Act for Appointing Commissioners to let to Farm the 171 ‘ Excise throughout this Colony.

An Act to Relieve 'Robert Lurtilig, Vendue-Master of the Pro-Temv0™?-

• vince of New-York, from divers Penalties a certain AS of General Ajfenmy made in the Twelfth Tear of Her late Majesty, IntitulediAn Act for Laying a Duty on Goods

j sold by Publick Vendue or Outcry. j

An Act for Repairing the County-House in the County H^J'

v of IMer. - j

its

r (

> i

I

I fv.

An Act for Relieving the Inhabitants of the Colony of South- DIrt0-Carolina from0 the Duties laid attd paid in this Colony of New-York for such 'Goods, Stavesana Merchandizes, as they

ft all Import into this Colony during the Time of Six

.; i

V X \ K W

V-

An Act for the fetter Repairing the Fortifications of the City Expire* in - of Alba.by, Providing their Military Watch with Fire-wood, ,7i°* r. and D&hargiiyr of other the Publick and .Nectary Charges

tjI ;:j ?T;0 :r;!:ld. uv . r ) \i;\ r. . :.j »:.; r -•>

» , V • < t y * , f 'A j _ t

WHereas it ik highly rrecessary/that the Fortifications' of the City Of Albany be kept in good Repair, and that the Publick and Necessary . , - Charge of .thb said Citybeduty dilHirirgedj Be it therefore Ena^a

by his Excellency the Governor, and Council, ana General Assembly, tyd it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of, the fame, That it fcalhand’may be* Law-fill to afld for, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the said City of AI-' banj, or the; major;part of them, in Chmmon:Council Alsembled^ to Raise and Levy upon ,ail and every the Freeholders, Inhabitants, andi Sqjourtieri, ihha-: biting'act,d dw.eUin&within the said, City and Corporation thereof, Yearly,'and once in §yery Year^c during the Gohtimiance oft mis present Act, for the: of His Majesty, His Heirs, and Sticceifors, Thoee hundred! Ounces of Platd,to I i i be

iS

Anno Regni Priw^rGcorgii Regis.

be employed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty, or the major part of them, for and towards the ^Repajrijig of the Watch-hoyles, .Gates of foe laid City, and other the Putlick and N^eeflary Charges- of the ttjd City, and

t '

for no otlifr. jyf$ fod Pqrpofp whatsoevev do hepiidio'the Taeaforei'of the said City for the time being, and to Jbe.issued by th^ laid Treasurer by Warrant from the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty for the time being, or the major part of them j as also such and so many Scockadoes as fh.aH be wanting for the Fortifications of the said City; and so many Load of Fire-woodas fliau be necessary for the Use of their Military Watch, by equal Proportions, according to- the respective Estates of the said Free-holders, Inhabitants, and Sojourners, of and in foe. City aforesaifo robe by, them, bfought and delivered,to such Place and Places, dr such Person ahdJnersons so the said City, for the Uses aforesaid, as to the said 'Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty, Assembled, as aforesaid, or foe major part of them, Audi* from time to time, feefo meet.; - - ■)

And for the better Executing of ifoia Ad,- Be it Ifoa&ed, and ft is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Stockadoes, Plate, and Fiee-wpod, to be Levied by Virtue of this Act, shall bVRaised, Levied, Collected, and Paid, in the fame and like manner, as all other Publick Taxes of this Colony are usually Levied, Collected, and Paid; lave only, that the Srockadoes and the Fire-wood are to be brought to such Place and Places, as by the ‘Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the said Gty, or the major part of them, Affombled, as aforesaid, foa|l be forced, 4U& appointed, at the Charge of foe Party who shall be alfelfed xd deliver the fame, and more particularly according to the Rules and Directions, and under the fame and the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as are directed and appointed in and by an Act of the General Assembly of this Colony, made and Enacted in the Eidtth Year of Her late Majesty's Reign, Intituled, An Act fa Levying Four Found?, as jf the lame had been herein particularly mentioned and expressed ,* any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary hereof ift any wise notwithstanding.

Tfovided,al»yft^s, Thar. this Act, rtor foy^Clause herein contained, ' shall f* any .longer in force Aan Fjyevjcars n^t apdafe the Pfobcfoou hereof j any thfo^herein contained in any wise notwithstanding'.

4 J-.4 e

Expired in *7*7*

An Act for the Defraying of Wolvthe County Orafige.J

t < V r

Perpetual An Act for Reviving and Continuing an Act, Intituled, An Act to prevent the Running away of Negro Staves oiit of the City and County of Albany to the at -

WHereas an Act, Intituled, A Act to prevent the

gro Saves out of the City,tf Albany the French5 at ti-

nacb, nude in the Fourth Year Her late Majesty Queen/4#tar,‘ of Btefled Memory, is Expired by ksown Limitation,' being only ift- Forced during the iatqWar with the French ’, which laid Ad hath {been of great Use* to the said City and County: 'Be it therefore Enadodby his Excellency the? Governor, Council, and General ' Affenjbly, and it is hereby Enacted by the* Authority of foe lame, That the said herein before recited Act, and every Arti*> clc, GUufe, a°d Thing hereirv mentioned and expressedjihall be, and ie hereby

- Revived,

Amto Regm Prmo Georgii Regis,

<2^9

♦ 1 -f U L' -

Revived, Renewed, Continued, and wall be in full Force, from the Publica-

• I r / I wS r •/%;,4 A A ________ 1 C— : r — J.,_:_

- v 41-.

Af

Act for the better Repairing the

in tire County ofapiProviding theirjmfitary Watg%

\ with Tire-wopa, ' y.

Expires iq

IJIQ.

‘i . t

H :i

:A

) rt ‘-■.•'i '1

"Hereas it ris highly hecel](ary, :that the'fortifications of the Town of Schenettady in die County of Albany be kept in good Repair j Be it therefore Ehaftedbyhis 'Excellencyj the Governot,' Council, and Aflernbiy, and it is hereby Enatfibed by the Authority <tfJ the fame. That it shall. ana. may be Lawful {O andfopthe Justicdsoftbe Peace of the County a£ Albattyr. dwel\htg in the Town of $eheneffddy');&hd Precmfts thereof, irt the said County, , or the major pan of them, to RaifeXmd LeVy ;upon all artd every the Free-holders, Inhabitanti, antF So^oumew, - inhabiting and' dwelling within the said Town, and Precincts thereof^ and Out-Plahtk cions to the fame belonging, Yearly, and onceinevery Year,during theCOntimiartOe of this prefer* A8fc for the U«t of His Majesty, His Heirs and Sueceffots, Thifcy Ounces of1 Plate, to be employed by the Cud Justices of the PeicfcTok and tbWtftdSthe Repairing the Watchdibufesuhd Cates of the'iald Towft,'rahd’fornorther We $hdT\r£ pose whatsoever.,- as;’ah© fad*a«dT© Wftiiy Stodcadoes is^fifldl be Vwlrttirig fbif the Fortifications of the said Toytti f and for so maoy LOack of; Fire- WOod1 ai shall be.ueCefiary for the Ofe of their MiiitarV 'Watdi, by^riil Proporiittn^ According to . the respective Eftites- of the said .T?ree>holtiefs,j Inhabitants- drid Sojourners of the Town and Precmfts aftrefaldl ’’ '■ 1 a 1: \i

And bi it stather j&a&ed by die. Authority XfoteTaid, That the said Stocka-does, Monies, and Fire-wioqdy to be!Levied(by^ Virile'iofcihiiSl Act, cfluittT>d Railed, Livied, Colkftad./arki Pa£id, iti the ftme&rid i&&hi4ftri£r, !aS all OtbOT Publick Taxes of this Colony pi used to be lLeVfed, CoHe^ and I^id^T^ only that the said Stockadoes and Firer-wood are to -be brought^ Fufch PJtAor Places, as by the said Justices of the Peace in the Town of in each

respective Place, fhalfbe directed and appointed,- at the Charge of the Party Who shall be assessed to deliver the Tune, and more panfeulkny according to the Rules and Directions, and under the fame and the like Penalties and Forfeitures^ were directed.apd appointed in a^drby.Act.©LGt neral ACembiy of this Colopy, maa^ aqa enactedin, the Eightl>‘Year' of Herniate rlWajeffys Reign, Intituled, An Act for lf'thefamp'had

been particularly mentioned and otpMfd 'i X/Ci^bJrlOtlb^ tCLthe

contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided always, That this Act, nor any Clause therein contained, shall be any longer in Force than Five Years next and after the Publication hereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An

220

Anno Regni Primo Georgii Regis.

til

Perpetual. An Act to Oblige the Inhabitants Ward with-

in the City of New-York, to make Quota's of all Publick Taxes.

I , - , r f '

'Hereas some of the Collectors and Constables of the City of York, who have had the Colleding of the Taxes, having got the Money into their Poflfeffibn, -Kaye witbd{a\ynand removed into other Parts with the Monies i: and others, have.converted great part.ther^of to therr 6wn private Uses, who have* riot Estate enough ^o make Reparation; which Loss to the Inhabitants of this City, is occasioned'by a Remiihefs and Neglect in not chusing Able and Responsible Men to serve in the said Offices, ana heretofore has been made good by «;fresh -Levyupon the InhaKtahts'of the whole City t To the end therefore that this Remilness itnd Negied Be-remedied for the future, Be it Enacted by his Excellency t&e<3ovemor, the Churicil, and Assembly, and' by the Authority of the same, That iifhereafter, any Col* le&or or Constable of any Ward withfo. the said City, shall prove fafblvent of the Publick Taxes by him Collided and Received, or: withdraw himself with the Publick Money* so that it cannot o;herwife be had and received* the Infaa- bitants of such Ward as have, chosen fojch’Collector or Gohstable, so Offending, shall make good the Lqfoand Damage in that behalf* by a freshLevy up-^ on themselves, and not upon the Inhabkants.of the whole City, as has been formerly rany.yfage or Practice,to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. l - And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid^ jThat allajid-every Person or Persons within the,City of New-Yrtk, who shall he Elected and Chosen as a Collector or Constable, shall refuse' jtq execute that Office, every such Person or Persons shall pay, asa Fine for every such Refiifal, the Sum -of Fifteen Pounds, current Money -of this Colony, for the Use of the Corporation of the said City,-to be Levied by Warrant'Under, the Seal of the said City, Sign’d by the Mayor thereof for the time being,nv. oL.

.- Provided always, That no M'inifter, Physitian, iCbinjrgeon, Clerks of the Council, Assembly* and Courts, Attornies; ,or any Person that hasiferved in b Superior Office:|n the Corporation of the said. City,' shall and may be Elected for Constables or Cfofledors within the same a any thingbefore in this Ad io the contrary hereof many wise notwithstanding. _ r> - ">

i i.v

Ari ASl to Exempt Hannah Martin, CHrifiiati Cooper, and Mr. George Smith, from Payment of the Tax for Twelve Negroes/row Souths

- i.

An

Anno Regni Primo Georgii Regis.

221

An Act for Discharging of Captain Peter Vanbrugh, and Hen-

drick Hansen EJq: of the City of Albany, of and concerning the Provisions, Ammunitions, and other Stores of War,

formerly in their Hands, belonging to this

WHereas by an Act of the General Assembly of this Colony, made in the Tenth Year of Her late Majesty's Reign, Intituled, An Act appoint Commissioners to purchase Prowfionr, and other for the Ex-

pedition to reduce Canada, the said Captain Peter Vanbrugh and Hendrick Hansen were appointed Commissioners at Albany for the receiving and taking Care of the Provisions, and other Necessaries, for the Forces raisea in this Colony there, and the necessary Transportation of the fame for the Expedition aforesaid; and were also thereby inverted with sundry Powers and Authorities for the executing the Trull in them reposed: And whereas the said Captain Peter Vanbrugh and Mr. Hendrick Hansen> and each of them respectively, have duly and faithfully executed the Trull in them, and every of them, respectively reposed, by the before mentioned Act of Assembly, and have respectively tendred their Accounts of the Stores of this Colony, to the full Satisfaction of the late General Assembly, according to the Directions of the last mentioned Act Be it therefore Enacted by his Excellency the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That the said Captain Peter brugh, and Mr. Hendrick Hanfeny and every of them, their, and every of their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, be and are hereby for ever discharged of and from all Debts, Dues and Demands whatsoever for and concerning all and all manner of Provisions, Ammunitions, Stores of War, Sum and Sums of Money, Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, and other Effects, which came to their and every of their Hands, belonging to this Colony, for the Use of the said Expedition again!! Canada respectively.

And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Captain Peter Vanbrugh, and Mr. Hendrick Hansen, and every of them, their, and every

of their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, be and hereby are, and every of them is and shall be for ever discharged of and from giving or making any further or other Account or Accounts relating to, or concerning the Matters aforesaid, or any of them, they, and every of them, hath and having folly and truly accounted for the fame > and they, and every of them, their, and every of their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, are hereby declared to be thereof from henceforth and for ever, quitted and discharged.

An Act for Continuing an Act, Intituled, An Act for the easier Expired a» Partition of Lands in Joynt-Tenancy, or in Common. ,?l8*

Kkk ACTS

223

ACTS passed by the General Assembly of the Colony of New-York, in Attguft 1716, being the Third Year of His Majesty's Reign.

An Act for the Treasurers Paying to his Excellency One Has had.»

sand and twenty fve Ounces of Silver . Mecl

An Act for Destroying Wolves and Poxes in the County of West- Perpetual,

chester.

OR the better Encouragement of Destroying Wolves and Foxes in the said County than is assigned in an Act, Intituled,

An Act for the Destroying of Wolves within this Colony, made in the First Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Queen Anne, of Glorious Memory; Be it Enacted therefore by his Excellency the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Publication hereofj any Christian or Slave who shall destroy or kill a Wolf or Wolves, their Whelp or Whelps, within the said County of Westchester, shall be paid for each Wolf lo killed, the Sum of Two Pounds, Current Money of this Colony j and for every Wolfs Whelp, the Sum of Twenty Shillings like Money 1 and Three Shillings for every Fox; arid Eighteen Pence for every young Fox; to be Railed, Collected, and Paid in such Manner, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as are mentioned and expressed in the said Act.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any who shall destroy a grown Wolf in the said County, shall be paid Twenty Shillings, and for every Wolfs Whelp, Ten Shillings; for every grown Fox, Eighteen Pence, and Nine Pence for every young Fox.

An

rmn

Anno Regni Tertio Georgii Regis.

224

Expires in An Act to Oblige all Vessels Trading into this Colony (except

duly, i'jio.jucfo as are therein excepted) to pay a certain and for the further Explanation ana rendring more certain Clauses in an Act of General Assembly of this

Intituled, An Act by which a Duty is laid on Negroes^ and other Slaves* Itnported into this Colony/ [: i

• v ,v y % ' C r \ r

'* i ' i ' v; . ’ •*' 7; . '

WHereas Disputes do oTtenarife on the Colledin^of the Duties on the Tonnage of Vessels; To prevent?*therefore the fame for the future. Be it Enacted by his Excellency the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That there be given and granted to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Supporting of His Government in the Colony of the Duty and Imposition

following on the Tonnage of all Vessels Trading in this Colony, from the Publication of this Actto the First Day of jfofy, Jq t|ie Ye^F One1, thoUfahd fev^q. hundred and twenty, and no. longer; (that is.ro say ) ^Seysn. Peny weigh; and an half in good coined Plate,"Sm/, Pillar, *or-Bills of Credit made

Current in this Colony to the Value thereof, per Ton, according to the Tonnage of the Ship or Vessel j and the Commander, Mailer, Owner or Owners of any such Vessel or Vessels, Bull be obliged to Report, Enter, and Pay the Duty according to the Gauge of his or their Vessel or Vessels, under the fame Pains, Penalties, Regulations, Restrictions, Conditions^ and Forfeitures, mentioned and contained in, aoAft of the General. Assembly of this Colony, passed in the Thirteenth Year of Her late Majesty's Reign, Intituled, An Act for Levying and Paying the federal Duties therein mentioned for the Use of this and the Person or Persons appointed, or to be appointed, for the Collecting the fame, shall be invested with all and every the Powers arid Authorities prescribed and directed in and by the said Act.

Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That all Coasting Sloops belonging to the M , Connecticut, or Nezx^Jersey, whilst their Navigation is to and from those Parts, Ships or other Vessels built in this Colony, or wholly owned by the Inhabitants thereof, are and shall be excepted.

And whereas by Register often it appears, that Ships and other Vessels not built in this Colony, do wholly belong to the Inhabitants of the fame, /and before their Departure out of this Colony, are transferred and made over to Strangers and other Persons beyond the Seas, with an Intent to fruUrate ;the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: To prevent therefore the like of such Frauds and Abuses for the future, Be it therefore Enacted by the fame- Authority, That the Officer appointed, or to be appointed, Hull and is hereby. Authorized and Impowered to demand an Oath of any Owner or Owners of any Ship or other Vessel, not built in this Colony; which Oath shall be given before the Mayor of the City of New-York, or before any Justice of the Peace for die time being, and /that at any time before the Depiarture of such Vessel, lb by the said Officer fulpe&ed that the said Vessel or Vessels do wholly1 belong to the Inhabitant or Inhabitants of this Colony; and on refilling to take such an Oath, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds, Current Money, to be recovered and applied in Manner and Form as is directed, expressed, intended, and prescribed in an Act of General Assembly, made in the Thirteenth Year of Her late Majesty's Reign, as abovesaid.

And

Amo Regn't Tertio Georgii Regis.

225

And whereas by one Ad of General Assembly of this Colony, Intituled, An Act for a Supply to be granted to His Maje a Duty is laid on Negro Slaves

Imported from Africa and th sWeftAndiesj which Clatffes, as they now Hand in the Ad, may admit of Doubts and Disputes : To prevent therefore. the fame, Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there be paid for every Negro Slave Imported directly from Africa in Vessels wholly owned by the In-

habitants of this Colony, the Sum of Five Ounces of Plate aforesaid, or Bills of Credit made Current in this Colony to the Value thereof i and that the Duty of Ten Ounces of like Plate, or Bills of Credit, as aforesaid, be paid for each Negro, Indian, or Mulatto Slave, Imported into this Colony in any Vessels directly from Africa, riot wholly owned by the Inhabitants of this Colony; and tlm the like Duty of Ten Ounces of Plate, -or Bills of Credit tb the Value* thereof, be paid for each Negro,. Indian, or Mulatto Slave, Imported into this Colony from any Parts of thtWeft-Indies, Or ally of the neighbouring Colonies, Imported Or otherwjle brought into the fame t all Negroes or other Slaves beldnging to the Navigation of any Ship, Sloop, or other Vessel, and Slaves belonging to the neighbouring Colonies, going to and from one Colony to the other on the Service of their Owners, Matters or Mistresses, only excepted; and the said Duties to be Collected and Levied by the Officer or Officers appointed for Col-leding the fame, in such Manner, and under such Rtttridions, Limitations, Directions* Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as is contained, mentioned, pieaqt, expressed, and intended, in and by an Act of General Assembly of this Colony, made in the Thirteenth, Year of Her late Majesty's Reign, Intituled, for Levying and Paying the several Duties therein mentioned for the Use of this Colony, here before mentioned.

And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Matters of Vessels, or other Persons, who shall be suspected by the' Officer to Have Imported, or otherwise brought into this Colony any Negro, or other Slaves, such Matter, or Person or Persons so suspeded, shall be obliged to give his Oath before she Mayor of the City of New-York, or any Justice of the Peace for the time being, how many Negroes; or other Slaves, he or they brought into the fame, and on the Refusal to take such an Oath, shall forfeit double the Sum laid and imposed by this Act for every Negro, or other Slave, so Imported, to be applied and recovered in Manner and Form, as above expressed f any thing to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning hereof; That no Ne-t gro, or other Slave, that shall be Imported, as abovesaid, under the Age of Four Years, the Matter or Owner thereof shall not be obliged to pay any Sum or Sums of Money for the fame : But in case any Difference might arise between the said Officer and the said Matter or Owner of any Negro; or other Slave, relating to their Age, then and in such case, the said Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, .shall be brought before any Ttoo Justices of the Peace of the City and Courity bf New-York^ who are hereby ImpoWered to view the said Slave or Slaves; and their Determination shall be Binding to both Parties.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Ships, or other Vessels, that shall not be built in this Colony, although wholly owned by the Inhabitants of this Colony; shall be liable to the said Duty of Tonnage, from and after the Publication hereof ( except as herein before expressed.)

Provided always, and it is hereby Declared and Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no other or further Duty or Imposition shall or may be exacted for the Tonnage of Ships, or other Vessels, or on the Importation of Negroes, or other Slaves, unless as in and by this Act is mentioned, laid, imposed, and expressed; any thing in this Act, or any former or other Act of Anembly to' the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LII

An

zz6

Expired in xjij.

Ditto.

Ixpires in 1711.

Anno Regni Tertio Georgii- Regis.

An Act Nominating Commissioners to Farni tie through the Colony.;

f •

1 j’.

/ f

...'.. j. ../ :. :,.*.■ : .1

An Act for Discharging Colonel Kilian Vafi Ranflaer, Major - Dirick Weflefisy and Mindert ^chuyler £/* of the City of .; Albany, for and concerning the , Ammunitions, and

other Stores of War9formerly Hands, belonging to this Colony. ’

X#; xw

Ak JB for the letter Repairing the of tle City of

Albany, and Providing their Military Watches with wood

WHereas it is highly necessaryi, that the Fortifications of the City of Albany be kept in good Repair for the Defence of the Frontier; Be it therefore Enacted, and it is hereby Enacted by his Excellency the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be Lawful to and for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Gonv-monalty of the said City of Albany for the time being, or the major part of them, in CommonTCbuncil Assembled, to Levy and Raise upon all and every the Free-holders, Inhabitants, and Sojourners, inhabiting, dwelling,: and rest* ding within the said City, from time to time, and at all times, during the Com tinuance of this present Act, by equal Proportions, according to their respective Estates, such and so many Stockadoes for Repairing the Fortifications of the said City, and so many Load of Fire-wood for the Use of their Military Watch, to be by them brought and delivered to such Place and Places, as to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty Allernbled, as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, Teem meet and convenient, at the proper Costs and Charges of the Party bringing and delivering the same.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Lawful to and for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the said City of Albany, or the major part of them in Common-Council Assembled, to Raise

and Levy upon all and every the Free* holders. Inhabitants, and Sojourners, dwelling within the said City, Yearly, and once in every Year, during the Continuance of this present Ail, for the Use of His Majesty. His Heirs and Successors, a Sum not exceeding One hundred and fifty Ounces of good Silver Plate Yearly, or Value thereof in Current Money of this Colony, to be employed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty, or the major part of them, in Common-Council Assembled, for the Defraying the Publick and Necessary Charges of the said City, in such manner, as unto the said Mayor* Aldermen, and Commonalty, Assembled, as aforesaid, shall seem meet.

And

a2-7

Anno Regni Tertio Georgii Regis.

And for the better Executing of this Act, Be it Enacted, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Stockadoes, Money, and Firewood, to be Levied by Virtue of this Act, shall be Raised, Levied, Gollefted, and Paid, within the said City, in the fame and like manner as all other Publick Taxes of this Colony are used to be Levied, Collected, and Paid, and more particularly according to the Rules and Directions, and under the fame and the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as are directed and appointed in and by an Act of the General Assembly of this Colony, made and enacted in the Eighth Year of Her late Majesty's Reign, Intituled, An Act for Le'vying Four thousand Rounds, as if the fame had been herein particularly mentioned and expressed, unless otherwise directed by this present Act j any Law, IJfage or Custoni to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided always, That this Act, and every Article and Clause therein contained, shall be of Force for the Time of Five Years next after the Publication hereof, and no longer j any thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

I

ACTS

c.

ACTS passed by the General Assembly of the Colony of New-York, in and May

1717, being the Third Year of His Majestys Reign.

An Act to Enable the Mayor, , and Commonalty of the City of New-York, to ra the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, for Altering the Course of the Common-Sewer at the End of the Broad-street and for and Scouring the

Dock of this City

An Act for Laying a Duty on Goods sold by Vendue, or

Outcry.

Cfccbc t c tckc

A

An Act Reviving an Act,Intituled, An Act for Encouraging the Indian Trade at Albany,

E it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That an Act, Intituled, An Act for Encouraging the Indian Trade at Albany, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, of Glorious Memory, Expired by it’s own Limitation, shall be of Force from the Publication hereof until the First Day of May, which shall be in the Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and twenty.

M m m

An

Has hnd its Effect.

Expired in

iji9.

Expires in 17x0.

3o

Anno Regm Tertio Georgii Regis.

An Act for Annexing that Part of the Manor of Livingston,

which now lies in Dutchess-County, unto the County of Albany.

WHereas the Manor of Livingftonbeing situate on the East-fide of Hudsons'rRher in this Colony, is Part thereof in which renders the Administration of Justice sometimes difficult; Be it Enabled by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Publication of this Act, the Manor of Living ft on shall be, and for ever remain and be annexed to the County of Albany, and be accounted as Part, Parcel, and Member thereof; whion Bounds of the said Manor shall end and terminate the County of Albany on the East-lide of Hudsons-River, as the Sawyers-Creek doth terminate the lame on the West-lide thereof, lying opposite the one to the other; always reserving to the Proprietor of the said Manor, his Heirs and Assigns, all such Franchises, Privileges, and Immunities, which have, from time to time, been granted to him, his Heirs and AlTigns, from His present Majesty King George, and His Royal Predecessors, Kings and Queens of England.

Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better Defraying the Common and Necelfaty Charge of the said Manor of that it

shall and may be Lawful for the Inhabitants of the Manor of , to

Ele£ and Chtife, Yearly and every Year, One Supervifpr, One Treasurer, One Alfelfor, and One Collector, for the said Manor, who shall have the fame Power, Authority, Office, and Function, and do, perform, execute and serve, and be liable to the lame Pains and Penalties, as the Supervisors, Treasurers, Alfelfors, and Collectors of the several and respective Counties within the Colony, have, ought, or are intended to have, do, perform, and be liable to, by one certain Act of General Assembly, passed in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and three, Intituled, An Act the better Explaining, and more effectual putting in Execution an Act made in the Third Tear of the late King William and Queen Mary, of Memory, Intituled-, An Act for Defraying the Publick and Necessary Charge throughout this Province; and for Maintaining the Poor, and Preventing Vagabonds.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Wages and Charges of their Representative or Deputy in General Assembly, shall be equal with any Manor, City, Borough, or County in this Provinceand the Inhabitants of the fame Manor shall only be liable to defray the Wages and Charge of their own Representative or Deputy in General Assembly i and not otherwise; but shall not be excused from any other Publick County Charge,

Provided always, and it is hereby further Enacted, That this Act, nor any Part thereof, shall be construed to extend to Exempt that Part of the Manor of Livingston, formerly in the County of Dutchess, from Paying and Discharging all Taxes, and Arrears of Publick Taxes and Dues, due, laid, or payable before the Publication of this Act; and shallj be. Levied, in case of Refund of Payment, in the fame Method and Manner as usual, and as though this Act had never been made; any thing herein to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

An

Anno Regni Tertio Georgii Regis.

231

An Act for Exempting tie Rink Charlotte from Paying the

Duty of Tonnage.

An Act Declaring a Sloop now upon the Stocks in the Colony of

Connecticut, belonging to Mr. Jacob Moene, Free from the Duty of Tonnage.

An Act to clear a Sloop upon the Stocks in the Province New-York, belonging to Colonel John Johnson, from the Duty of Tonnage.

An Act Declaring a Sloop called the Good Intent, Built at Newport in Rhode-Island, belonging to Messieurs Benjamin Faneuil, Thomas Bayern, Andrew Frefneau, David Min-

vielle. Free.

An Act to Enable Mary,- the Widow and Executrix of John Corbett deceas\dy to Convey and Ajfign a certain -

House and Tenement, and the Ground thereunto

situate and being on the West-fide of the Broad-street in the City o/New-York.

An Act for Building a Chunty-House and Prison in Dutchels- m County. ,710<

BE it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That the Justices of the Peace for the said County, or any Two of them, with the Judge of the Common-Pleas of the said County, are hereby Authorized, Impowered, and Required, within Forty Days after the Publication of this Act, to meet together within the said County, to issue forth their Warrants under their Hands and Seals to the Confta-

bles

Anno Regn't Tertio Georgii Regis.

bles of the said County, requiting all and every of them to Warn all the Freeholders inhabiting within the said County, to -meet at a certain Time and Place within the said County, and there, by Plurality of Voices, Elect and Appoint Two able and sufficient Free-holders of and inhabiting in the said County, to be Supervisors and Directors for Building the said County-House and Prison at or near the most convenient Place at Pogbkepfe.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Supervisors and Directors are hereby required and directed to cause the said County-House and Prison to be Built and Erected in manner aforesaid, within Three Years next and after the Publication hereof.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for Defraying the necessary Charges of Building and Finiflung the said County-House ana Prison aforesaid, within the said Time, there be Raised, Levied, Collected and Paid, by the Free-holders, Inhabitants, Residents and Sojourners of and in the said County, within the Time of Three Years aforesaid, in such Proportions, as the said Supervisors and Directors shall think fit, to the Treasurer of the said County for the time being, such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall think requisite and necessary for the fame j provided the fame do not exceed the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Ounces of good , or Setitl Plate,

or Value thereof, in Bills of Credit made Current in this Colony $ which said Sum is to be Raised, Levied, Collected, Paid and Disposed of, for the Uses aforesaid, in such Way, and in like Manner, and under such Pains, Forfeitures, Regulations and Directions, as all other due and necessary Charges for the said County, or any other County within this Province, are by Law Raised, Collected and Paid for the Use aforesaid; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority. aforesaid, That the said Treasurer is hereby appointed and required to pay the said Money herein before to be Collected and Paid to him, to such Uses as is herein before directed, pursuant to the Warrants as shall be directed to him under the Hands and Seals of the said Supervisors, or any One of them.

Expired in An Act Reviving an Act, IntituAn Act for the better

I?l8, Settling the Militia of this Province, and making it more Useful for the Security and Defence thereof j and for Repealing all former Acts heretofore' made in this Province relating to the same.

ACTS

T

: ud 10 rr :• ’

i vl ‘Jib

ACTS passed by the General Assemblt of

:-;o -

r >r

>T.‘

Mi40 for i&.:&$rammg7iie- t £*s CeffiveUjurp'

r v\n

•Sf-il W -*:o

ci

!w! j;‘JU t

rifeR-fejlS: the j£^tanderce^ve, jtffury Jipw. commonly taken in this Province, "is found to Tiea very great Discouragenient to the Trade, and an Obstruction to the Settlement of the lame; For Remedying and Preventing of which* for "the furare, Be it Enabled Sy the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and ’w*!" by the Authority of the famqx That no Pecfon whatsoever shall, aftef -fliePuulicati6^fthis A^ tak^, di&itiyfof indirectlyv greaterUfe or . Interest than Six Pounds, Current Money of this Provineev foT^e Foll^rance of One hundred Pounds for a Year, and so after that Rate for a greater or lesser Sum, or-for a longer; or shorter Time, for jhpLoan of^any, Monies*- Wares, Merchandizes^ or ,apy Gpmfnpdnies whatfpevej; and that all Bonds, ‘Cfy^&s, and Atturaricei, of What nature arid kind fopvef .they bp, made after th^Thne aforesaidx for. Payment ’of any Principal or Money) Goods,' Wares and Men? jwn,p dizejoy Commod^ies^ lent or covenanted to be performed upon pr: for any Dfury of IhtereR, whereupon or whereby foere IJiall be referyeid' or jtakep, dirptfly or indir^fy^above ,’thp' Rate of $x Pounds ip thd hundred, a^fpresaidj shall be utterly ;yoi(J and that aR apct ey^y Peffori.br Persons whatfperer, which foaUj after toe Time afprefijd, upon any Contral to, be. made iifter the Publication of this* Ait aforesaid^ by way pr means of any jSargain, loan, Rxchapge, Che* vifance, $hift of any Wares or .Merchandizes, dr, other Thing or Things whatsoever,jor by any djS^itful Way or Means, of by.any Coving Craft, Invention, Fetch* or deceitful ponveyancej, of 'under the Notion of ^rokeage,; StQreage, Procurage, -Service). of by any other Way pr. Means, whatsoever it be? *cohr traty to the true Intent and Meaping of this Act, or to 'elude and avoid .die Ends and Intention thereof, tak(^,‘accept, or receive, directly or indirectly, for the Forbearing or mvrng Day of^ayment for, One whole Year, of and for their Money*! or other Things, above the Sum of Six Pounds for the Forbearing of One hundred Pounds for a Year, arid so after that Rate for a greater or lesser Sum, or for a longer or shorter Time, shalV forfeit arid lose, for ey^ry" such Offence, the Treble Value of the Monies, Wares, Merchandize, arid other Things, so lent, bargained, fold, exchanged* shifted, ftpred)6f procured.)'.

M •-) Jil t

JO

Expires In »7*».

i. v.

N n n

Arid

*34

Anno Regni Quarto Georgii Regis.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Scrivener and Scriveners, Broker and Brokers, Solicitor and Solicitors, Pra&i-tioner of the Law, and Practitioners, Driver tracts* yftofHall, after the Titrte' '^relaid»>i’^;tf -r^cieivfif^ rectiy, any Sutn df Sums of Money, or other Reward for B&j^a^,

Solfdting^ I)riving or Procuring the Loan or Bargain,...or\the- Forbearing;c«f any Sum or Sums of Money, over and above the Rate or Value of Ten Shillings for the Loan or Forbearing of One hundred Pounds for One Year, and so pro-,portionably for a greater or lesser Sum* xor above Eighteen, Pence,fa

a nfcnd Jar for the* Ldmi, or'Foftfeipinil- tn

t t: i ,:i\ 1.

Expires

xj.Mtfr.17tj,

His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety for the fame in any Court of Record within this Province, Dy Actidn-of Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Ellbign, Wager of Law, or Protection to Le allowed.

, ,/provided always, and it is the true Intent ari<iM£an&gtiLMiis Act^liat all Bonds or Mortgages, executed before the Publication of this Act, the Obligor or Mortgagor, his Heirs* Executors* or Administrators shall pay to the Obligee or Mcatgigee, h$ Ekectofors, AdfeiniftibtWj o¥3A®^i,*\jftmiPfni Tiftje of Ray-ment of such Bond or Mortgage, such Interest for the Forbe^pan^el ofjfyb Money due by the fame, as the said Obligor or Mortgagor agreed to pay to the

C - J rtl !•_ - HHI. •_ A o . . __ ,1 T1 4 C I

Force^for and arid storJo^Sgeft A:

3.5: i •’-/-/r '•

for fegw&Wgtiff, ferry ifftfveen i^ff&ty o/New-Vor)c

iiauditie-IflaiMjiid&XL 'io :ioM mw ' ,Trt:'or I fhiv r

said j an^ ai2atalipgi^'dF;Rates ;and;Prlces ha) been L'*‘ few*.1 Particular^ are but

arid Commodities’ whatsoi

Tiittd! become iftakes himself ingallfuch Merc}* in the Catalogue

of His Majesty’?

tq thief great Abrifo and Wrong < good Subjects; Be it therefore Enacted bV the Governor, Council, ’arid Gene-raLArfehlbl} ‘ ‘ ‘ " " ' " ‘

fr^th 4nd

imposed,- demanded and taKen ‘ ror l nmtpojtirtg Men, women, Mnidren, Horses, Cattle*' and all manner of Goods, Wares,’ Merchandise, and other Commodities whatsoever, by the Ferfyinah for the time being,1 than he&aftef are Specifiedand regulated; (that J$ to say ) r' 1 '

Fof TranspOrtirig of even Niijfatio or from the Island one qtiafter of a Grain Weigf unless a Neglect or Refusal in the Ferryman to Transport Passengers over sooner.

For

*35

J/mt Regni Quarto GqewgU Regis.

For every Horse or Sixty Grains Weighs of Plate.' , v 5

For every G# «tlive,/ Two and; twenty Grams and an half Weight of Flate. 1(] For every JHog alive, Two and twenty Grainsafndan half Weight of Plate.

Fot; every $beep qr;C«»b, Bfteen.Grains Weight of Plate*- A •, o- : T

«,Fqr every .Barrel of Buna, Sugar, Molasses, Or other full BatfeJ^ Fortjffive grains Weight of Plate, v. s .Ai/i r: . r? *•-.-: i ‘to

For every dead Hog, Fifteen Grains Weight of Pliiet ?: < I "

.^por every dead Sheep, L,amb,or, GalffTen Graina ,Weight of PUte. A

For every parrel qfBeer or Cyder, Forty five Grain* Weight of Plato ■i.-,b c: For every e^ptyJfertel, Fifteen Gtfaits Weight of Plate.

*,; Fpr qyqjy rempty Pipe jor, Hog&ead, Sixty Grains Weight of Plate* > A

v For every l^aft s HideiiFifteen Grttitw Weight of Plate. . - ' : t; ' v v.

Lfipoy every Calf or Sheep*Skin^ Five ;Grains Weight of Plate, .a oA;> ri .-j..For every Pad of Bjutrer, SevenGrains and an ltalfWeigh^of Plaie, ?y)r;7 .v .For every-Firkin or Tub of Butte*, Ten Qnains Weight of Plaw. -; j r- ,* A

- , For every ^utbel of/SaltjJiye Gram* Weight of Plate, y :r. 3

AForeveryJ5ulhei of TwojGrajns and an half Weight of Plate, ,1=1 .v

.0 , For every Pipe of Wy>e>.Two hundred and fevertty Grains r Weight of Plate, j. for every/Hogshead, of Melasses, [Xwo hundred and feVesryGrains Weight

n,n . /r

I i J. i . 1. J. A.

1 r>

:.y;n

l.; For, every: Hogshead of £um> Tw®' hundred and seventy Grains Weight of Pi?te.- , .,■;/! / '/; Al "ii --.r.-J■- , A A A.' Aril A

'For every 'Hoguiead of; Tobacco,< Two hundred, and seventy Grains Weight of,plate.

:ufi

For every Inch Boards Fiye Grains Weight of

Fan half,

iof Plate,

a LA

• .'For every Board of Qqe Inch

Severt Grains and an half Weight

J 2 Jit j

I

j?;i

For every Waggon, Three hundred Grains Weight, of Plate.

JFoc every Pair of C#trWheeiv. Ninety Grajn$ Weight of Pk?e«, h:;Bprovery^Cupboeydt,or JRrefs foaf, Clothes, One hundred:and eighty Gra#f Weigi»t|Of Phtte. > j-y^r. : /. m. ( - :■ / V*

: For every/.empty Trunk :dr Chest,: Forty five Grains Weight of Plate. t i: M vii For every half Barrel* of flour. Fifteen Grainy Weight of Plate, ,;

iFor.every Barrel of .Bread, Thirty -Grains Weight of Plate,. .; A

•A For every Bag of Bread, Seven Grains and an half Weigh; of Plaw.; .>; / j For every Gamon of-Bacon, Two Grains and an half Weight of Plated

For every Hundred of Eggs, Four Eggs i and so in Proportion Far a or ielfer Number. \,..i . •' f f!.

For every Drest Deer-Skin, Seven Grains and half Wqi^tt of Plate, j For every Turkey or Goose, Two Grains and an half Weight of Plate.

For every Three Fowls,; Five Grains Weight of Plate.

- For every Hundred Weight of Itfoir qr Steel, Forty five Grains Weight of

Plate., - ' J ,v,i ' •:/ C

for every. Hundred Weight of Shor$ Thirty Grains Weight of Plate.

: t For every, Hundred Weight of Gunpowder, Sixty Grains Weight of Plate,.

,. For every Scythe or Sith, Five Grains Weight of Plate. ;. T, / ,

For every Firkin of Sope, Ten Grains Weight of Plate.

; For every Cheese, Two Grainsandan half Weight of Plate. . > , j

For every Corn-Fan, Twenty Two Grains and an half Weight of Plate.

, ’ For every Hundred of Shingles, Thirty Grains Weight of Plate,.; . n For every Cedar-bolt, Five Grains Weight of Plate.

Fqr every Bag of Cotton,. Seven Grains and an half Weight,of Plate. '

For every Bale of G®tton or Hops, Niucty Grains Weight of . Plate.

• ' For every Coach, Three hundred and sixty Grains Weight of.Plate. .J

For every Chaise, One hundred and eighty Grains Weight of Plate.

For

2 36 'Anna &$gtii Quarto Regis.

For every iingle Sleigfy Ninety Grains Weight oP'Plate. ‘ v ’ :

For every Rouble Sleigh, One hundred and twenty Gfiim Weight of Plate.

For every Piece of Ozbrlbrigs, Eleven Grains and one quarter -- Weight of Plate i and so in Proportion, for other Pieces’ of Linen and Wooftert Cloth.1

Ail which-& vara] Sums of Money abovesaid, are- to- be paid in Silver Plate, of Mexico or Scvil^or in Bills of Credit of this Colony;- or m any Other SilVet Money equivalent in Value to them.'( " - '; >.V ‘ J -!V-

And be it farther Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, r That alt bdkrr Merchandize, Goods* > Commodities, and Things whatsoever, notlpeoifred in this Act, shall pay for the Ferriage or Trah^>ortation thereof; frost? New-Ymk to Nassau-island, or from Najfm-Iflnnd to New-York, faPropOrtion W the Rates above specified, for a greater or lefferWeig4rt hr Quantity) and not oiHfcrtVife: And in case any Person or Persons whatsoever shall hereafter-refttfe to pay tfafRates and Prices of Ferriage before mentioned to the Fertymafi for the time'd&frtgj £ur-suant to the-Regulation made in this Act, he, file, or theyjfo refilling; shall forfeit and pay Treble the Rate to which he,she; or they ufere liable; together with the Charges of Recovering the fame,upon the Oath of One Credible Wit-♦fieis before any mf His Majesty's Justices >of the Pteace? -Who are hetfeby Authorized and Required- to Administer the said Oath, and 'th give judgment; knd award Execution accordingly; and if any Dispute shall happen to arise hereaftef <onterning the Rites and Assizes of any Goods 'or Cohuimdities!, not expressed in this Act, and be brought before some One of His Majesty's Justices Of--tlib Peice by the ^Qhtendirtg Parties, the said Justice oftht? Peace fs hefeby Aulho-rized and Required to Hear and Determine the fame, so as to him shall append-to be conformable to the true Intent and Meaning of tfcfr Act. ‘

JVnd be it ftirther Enaftdd by the fameAutbotity, That the Ferryman for«he time being, shall be obliged to come and go with the Ferry-Boats to and ftohl such Places in the Gity of New-York) between' the Great Dock and Beckmans Slaughter-house,1 and by such Turns’, as are appofhred and prefedbed hin*t in the former Regulations for Encouraging the Markets c>f the TaidyCjity ( Wind and Weather permitting; ) and in case he shall neglect or refute thfe‘fame; he shall forfeit the Sum of Twerity Shillings for every such Offence; to; be recovered in manner* as aforesaid, and paid to the Ttealuref Of the faici City for the time being, to be applied towards the Defraying the Publick Charges of the fame; and if from and after the Publication of this -Act; the Ferryirian for :the time being do irripose, exact, and take arty Rates for Trarisporting of Persons, Goods, WarfesoT' Merdhfiindizej or other Things whatsoever, contrary to the Regulation and Rates established in and by this Act, he shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every such Offence. to be rCcoVered, paidahdapblied, as aforesaid. -• - ^. - ' \■ ■'■ >//• F; ■- / : ' /< •" -

.. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Lawful for the Mayor,- Aldermen, - and Commonalty of the City of Neiv-York for the time being, their Successors and Assigns, to demand^ receive ahfl take the Rates and Prices above in this Act mentioned, for Tra nfpotti ng Of Persons, Goods, .Wares and Merchandizes) and other Things, from> the Gity of New-York to the Island of Nassau, and from the Waifdto the City of New-York, over the Ferry in the Ferry-Boats; and shall‘and may establish and keep One. or more Ferries between New-Ybtk and die'Island Nafftiu^ for the better and more feafie Transportation of Gobds and Paffehgefs oyer the said Ferry; and that the Ferryman or Ferrymen established in the Qty of New-York, shall be obliged to receive into his or their Ferry-Boats ©n Nassau-Island ( when there ) ail forts of Goods and Passengers (HorsesSnd Cattle only excepted ) and to Transport them to the City of New-York at the Rates and Prices-before-mentioned in this Act; any thing to the contrary hereof in any 'wise notwithstanding.

• -: And

, jintfc Regni^Qitarto Georgii Regis. 1.37

And bp it also Enacted by the said Authority, That the; Ferryman for the fime being shall not impose and .exact any Rates; for any Golds’ or Things what- r ioever, Transported.by any of the Inhabitants at and neartheFerry on Na]Jau>~

Island in their own Boats or Canoes ( that is tolay ) inhabiting between Kyckuyt and fydhook i' provided the said: Goods and Commodities be properly their own, and not belonging to any other Person or Persons whatsoever anything in this Act before mentioned to the contrary; hereof in any wise norwith* 1 landing. t; , _ 1; . . ' f.

Provided always, That a Sucking Child shall bp exempted from paying Fer* riage. And the said Ferryman shall bp obliged to set up. Af the most publick Place at the Ferry, the Prices to be paid fbjr Ferriage, in-order People may be acquainted therewith. This Act to continue Seven Years from the Twenty fifth Day of March next, and no longer# ~ - - \ ■

the General Assembly of this Colony; An Act for

Prevmting, SuppreflSngj and Punishing the ConspiraCy jafi InCurreftion of Negroes and othqr Slaves. { j ?v O-

: '1C' J /:*;'• \ . ? ♦ j ,v <: 1 ' : ‘ ...v '•* - .

ST ~JT THdreas by -one Ad of General Afteinbly of this Colony,' Intituled,'

: V/Vf *•:Ak AitprPwventing, ^PpreJJing, and Punishing Conspifafy and

' i 'ftfarreftionjof Negroet- and other Slavef, passed in the Eleventh Year of Her late Majesty's Reign, It is, amongst other things, therein Enadfed, That' any Matter! ot MiftiJefs,-. manumitting and setting at Liberty any Negro, Indian, or Mulatto Slave, shall ehter into fufncient Security unto Herl Majesty, Her Heirs’ and Succiessors, with Two Sureties^ not less than the Sum >of Two hundred Pounds; to pay Yearly and every Year to fulch Negro, Indian,or Mulatto Slave, ,during ,their Lives,the Sum of Twenty Pounds, lawful Money'of this Colony j and if such Negro, Indian, or Mulatto Slave shall be made Free by tho Will or Testament of any Person deceas’d, that then the Executors of such Person shall enter into Security, as-above, immediately upon Proving-the said-Will or Testament; which if refuted to be given, the said Manumimon to be void and of none Effect: And whereas the aforesaid Clause in the said Act is found by. Experience, to be verw inconvenient, wejudicial^ and in a, manner £ M »tH

Prohibiirofr' to Liberty/’VeVy much* .distourage' dftct dilhearten' such' j && Negiq, jHatan,Or. Mulatto sia^ *fr<^.serving‘melr Matters Or Mistresses-truly

db4\faithfii|l)\ought dpi? Ft>f Remectyirtg Whereof,: apd f»k$he betper Expjaipin^ of the^fei(f Ckiffe an, the said Act; Be it Eroded by his .J^ccel-lency she Governor/ Chhricil, and General Assembly of this Cplony.’ jancfby the Authority of the same, That if any such Master or Mistrete, maninhifring and setting at Liberty any Negro, Indian, or Mulatto Slave, or any other sufficient Person, for and on the behalf of such Negro, , or MulattaSlave, shall and do enter into such Security, as aforesaid, at the General Sessions of the Peace for the City and County where such Negro, , or Mulatto

Slave shall Jive, p* reside,- to keep and save such Negro, Indian, or Mulatto

Slave; front becoming of being any Charge to the City, Town; or Place where he, she, or they do live, the said Negro, Indian, dr Mulatto; Slave lhair.be Free, according to such Manumission of such Master or Mistress so manumitting and setting at Liberty such Slave or Slaves; and if any such Negro, , or Mulatto Slave, since the making of the said recited Act, Hull have been made Free, or hereafter shall be made Free, by the Will or Testament of any Person de-

O o o ceas’d.

jbnto Regni Quarto Georgii Regis.

ceas’d, that then, if any Executor or Executors of any such Perfoit Or Persons deceas’d, or on their Neglect or Refusal, any other fuffrcient Person, for and oil the behalf of such Negro, India*,or Mulatto Slave, shall and do enter intd such Security, at aforesaid, at the General Sessions of the Peace for the City and County where such Negro, Indian, or Mulatto Slave shall live or reside, to keep and lave such Negro , Indian,or Mulatto Slave Rom becoming or being any Charge to the City, Town, or Place whete he, she, or they* do-live, the1 laid Negro, Indian, or Mulatto Slave shall be Free, according to the true Intend and Meaning of the Will or Testamertc of any Person or Penons deceas’d j the said before recited Act of Assembly, or any Law, U(age or Customto the contrary in any wise notvrithftandingy - .

An Act to Encourage the Dejtroying of Foxes and Wild Cats in Kings-County^ C&eens-County^ and County Suffolk*

• •.■.v,• r v •>.

TJH it Enacted by, the Goyempr, -Coijupl, , and General AflJ^bly^.and by the Authority of the same, That fronfand'after the Publication hereof any Person or Persons whatsoever, wHo shall destroy any -Wild Cat or Wild Cats, their Catling or Catlings, any Fox or Foxes, their Puppy or Pup-

tjieir Ptippies Two Shillings and Three Pence* I . : . j

And for the effectual Paying of the said Rewards, Be,it Enacted by the Authority, aforesaid, That the toe Methods And Rules, Penalties and Forfeitures,) foail be used in all Respects* as- are expressed and contained, in one.Act of General .Assembly, made in the Fifft Year of the Reign of oUr late Sovereign Lady Anne, of Glorious Memory, Intituled, An Act for D$ftroyibg Wobxiin this Qipny*

AqAffyfor Raying the Executors of. ttomas CodririgtOB. Esq; the Arrears, due for his Service in the Fourteenth of June*. Seventeen hundred and foe till ihe twenty sevent bDay of^Sqrtcittbd

and eight* .

.1

An Act for Exempting the Show Leghorby

from Raying tie Duty of Tonnages

i *. j

X ' 1 f

_ ’ J

Jnfto Regm Quarto Georgii Regis. 239

1 1 mm*—mm mm mm——u^—■ ... ■»■ —— — 1

», ' i - "

An Act for Exempting the Sloop Mary and Hannah /row* P<ay- «»wiei ing the Duty of Towage.

An Act for Paying Johannes Jansen, David Provost,. DitK*

Leonard Lewis, Esquiresy the Arrears due to them for their Services in the General Ajfemhly, Representathes for the

Gty and County of New-York.

(_; > ... J

An 4ft for letting to Farm the Exc of this Colony for the to

r I>n« of Five Years,and to Enable the Farmers thereof ejfith - ftualfy to Colie ft; the fame.’/• 1

iW. VTHereasby o#e Ad of GeneralAiTeinbly of this Province, made in the VW Twelfth Year. of the Reign of Her lateJMajesty^ta*, of Immortal Me--.; - ;, njory, LpfU^alod* M for Laying jm Excise on all Strong Uquorr re*

tailed in thifQuay, tfuero was given and granted unto Her said Majesty, Her Heiis

and Successorsj an Exrife on all Strong Liquors for the Uses in the ibid Act mentioned : And whereas Prqposals have been madelto the General Afleifcibly; of this Province by Francis Harrifcn and Giibert Livingftc?^ Hquires* Thar on the </>nliderarion of their Receiving the Duty of focife aforesaid, that they urid pay unto the Treasurer rifthis Colony the Sum of Three thousand seven hundred and fifty Ounces of Plate Yearly and every Year, during the said Term of Five Yeart, by even and equal JJalf-yearly Payments, and have pcoposed Ten Periods of undoubted Credit and Abilities, to become Securities for their duePetfoav rnance of fbe kfne3 and hftve pcQpofedj to renew the said Securities Yearly and every Year j which Pfopofrjs have been approv’d of and accepted by the said Gef* peral Assembty; And rin order that the said Duty of Exrife may be managed to the best Advantage,an'd effectually.answer the Ends and Pumoles in and by the said A4 mentioned mb intended, fie it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and hi is hereby Enafthi by the Authority of the same, That the said Duty ofeeiihyhy the: Act afbnefidd given and granted unto Her late Majesty,; Her. Heiis ond Sueceflbi^ ;fiddl be, and i& hereby hired and let to Farm unto 100/44 Fr&nfif Harrifcn and Gilbert their Executors, Adrno-

njstrators and Al%ns, fro® the Htft Day of November in dm present Year of (ppr Lortffhrift One* thotdand fevto hundred, and seventeen, and until the [Term of Fiye Years be hilly eomplefced and coded; and the said Brams Har* tism-and Gilbert' Uvingflw, twit .Executory Adminifiratars or Assigns, 'are herein and hereby Awhdiircd and impowered, by themlehr.es, their Agents!, Deputies or Aifigbfe to GoUeft and Receive the said Duty of Exrife, given and granted by. the Act before mebtioued, and 111 the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures that shall arise or become due try Virtue of the said Act, or by Vir* &ie of apy other Act made, ^peiating and directing the Gathering*

Cplleftipg % W Receiving the said Duty of Exrife, or any Pan thereof during the Term cofi Five Years, afcwsaid* and fiull retain, ieep, and appropriate the . . . said

240

AimbRegni ^K^. JDeorgii Regis.

- 1 - - - —.......... — n--- - r*

said Duty of Excise, and Fines and Forfeitures aforesaid, arising within the said Five Years, to their own proper Benefit, Use and Behoof as theirvown proper Goods and Effotetf.any thing in•; this y\.^ or in any dthW Act to'the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.; > \ V, y \ -

And it is also further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Francis Harrison and Gilbert Lfoingflon, their Executors or Administrators, may

and ire hereby Impowered (if they so think fit) to let, set, fell, or dispose of the said Duty of Excise to any Person or Persons, either in whole or in part, in any City, Town,rQr County within this Province, during thefaicLTerm.of Five Years, for the said Terpi- of Five Years, or for any Part thereof, Jfolly and absolutely, or in.such Manqef,/ apd uppb\such Conditions, and under such^Re-ftridions and Limitations, a^.by the said Francis Harpjpn and floh, their Executors or Administrators,‘ fha^ be thought most fit. and convenient; and the said Purchaser or Purchasefs; Farmer or Farmers, of'the'whole or any part of the said Duty of Excise, their Executors or Assigns, shall be entitled to receive and appropriate to their own proper Use and Advantage the said Duty of Excise, or such Part thereof, as aforesaid, as they shall so purchase ok* hire, with the Emoluments, Profits and Advantages thereto belonging, or thereby arising, as folly and amply, to all Intents, Construjftions and Purposes whatsoever, excepting} the Conditions Rfeftriiftkmsand Limitations aforesaid (if ahy -such there be ) ps the imdGilbirtJ^ihgftm might,

could, or ought to have dome, or are entitled to by >this Act, \ or m^y be entitled to by any other Act of the General 'Assembly of this Province for that Purpose.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid,1 That foey\the said ■Francis Harrison and Gilbert Lhixgfton, > or either of them, their, or either of -their Executors or Administratow, mall pay Yearly and every Year, during the Five Years aforesaid, unto < the Treasurer of this Colony, the Sum of Three thousand seven hundred and fifty Ounces of Srvili or Mexico Plate

Lyon’Dollars, or Bills'of CAdic made Current in this Colony to the Value thereof, at Two equal Haifyelrly Payments, (that is to say ) Onethoufaiid eight hundred and seventy five; Ounces of such Plate, Lyon Dollars, or Bills rif Credit aforesaid, on the First Day of May Yearly and every Year ,* and One chbt£ sand eight hundred and seventy five Ounoes of the like Plate, Lyon Dollars, or Bills of Credit aforesaid, an the First Day of NovetrMer Yearly and every Year: And the said Ten Persons proposed by the said Francis Harrison and1 Gilbert ZJ'vingftonas Sureties, and .who have promised to become fotH, - shall j On of before the Fifteenth Day of this: present Monthof No*oetnbery etiterinto Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, > and severally,* in the -Penal Sum of Seven thousand five hundred Ounces of Plate aforesaid, On Costdrtitfo that the said Francis Harrison and Gilbert' Livingftonyr their, or either of their Executors or Administrators, shall well add truly pay foie said Yearly Sum of Three tho\*-sand seven hundred and fifty Ounces of Plate aforesaid unto the Treaforfcf of this Colony, as in this Act is directed add Appointed, fof and dtiriftgJ the Spate of One Year next ensuing, commencing the First Day of November aforesaid! and the said Francis Harrison said GilbertlUvingflom, their ExecUtdrS or AdnuJ nistrators, shall Yearly and every Year, after the Yeair noW- next ensuing, as aforesaid, shall expire, or at or before thej End and Expiration of the said Yeai^ and at or before the End and Expiration'of every Year thereafter, during the Five Years aforesaid, if the General Aifenibly of this Colony; be then Sittingi renew their Securities, either by the Teti Persons aforesaid, Who shall yearly enter into Bonds on the Conditions aforesaid 5 or if all the Ten-Persons aforesaid, or any of them, shoultL die, becomeunwiiling to be Security any longer^ or be disapproved of by the General Assembly of this Colony, that then, and in such case, the said Francis Harrison and Gilbert their Executori

or Assigns, shall, at or before foe End 6f every ‘Year aforesaid, procure other

good

Anno Regni Quarto Georgii Regis,

good and sufficient Persons to bei approved of by the General Assembly (if. the General Assembly be then Sitting} and if.the General Assembly be not then Sitting, then to be approved of by the Governor and Council of this Province for. the time being jior in the Absence of the Governor, to be approved of .by the major part of jthe Gendemen of die Council for the time being, who shall then be^the;City/of New-Ywk\'m.lieu and in dead of such and so many of the said Persons, asjshall die, refuse,or be disapproved by the General Aflfem-bly, or Governor and Council, as aforesaid which said Persons shall enter hitd |k>nd in; Manner and Form aforesaid: And if.it shall happen, that at the End of every Year aforesaid, the said Francir Harrison and Gilbert JJvingftony their Executors or Assigns, shall not procure the, Ten Persons aforesaid, or such other, good and sufficient Persons, to be: approved of, as aforesaid, and the General Assembly Hull not then be Sitting, that then the Governor ahd, Council of this Province for the time being, or in the Absenceof the said Governor, the major, part of the Gentlemen of the Gohncil for the 'titueibeing,' who shall then bo in the City of NewnYork, shall and are hereby Impowered and Directed to let to Farm the Excise aforesaid, to such other Person or Persons as they shall think fit, for the Remainder iofl the Term of Five Years aforesaid, for not less than foie Stun, of Three thousand seven:hundred and fifty Ounces;of Plate Yearly; and every Year,- ais /aforesaid, at, and under;*such Reservations, Conditions,' Restrictions, and, Limitations, as by this Act is. directed, -limited, and appointed*, > /; •) u~: ,u.:\ o ' I 1

And: be.it; further Enacted iby the Authority aforesaid, That.in case the Aid Francis Harrison and .' GilbertJjjvingftony their Executors Or Administrators,

shall neglect to give in Security, as aforesaid, they shall not be entitled, to; the, fluty of Excise, hiradlunr’o them'by this Act, but mall, after the Neglectingito give Securityj as before directed,-be folly and ibfblutely debarred from recei--ving any Benefit by tMs Act j aby thing in this Act to the contrary notwith-standingj> -.i '.n OJ I-J '.J !■ .; / : :*.•} . ■; rj v/

And be it further 'Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, the said Francis > Harrison 2,nd GilbeftoLrvingfton, ’their Executors, Admitustrators, or Assigns, ate hereby Required, Obliged and 'Commanded, One Month before the Expiration of; the; said.iTerm of Five Years, or other sooner Determination, to give the Governor^ Council, or General Assembly for the time being, a just and true1 Account upon; Oath of .all such Sums of Money as they, or^any of them, have annually -received for the said Excise, and from whom they .Have, received the lame, in each and every City and County within this Province. And be it forther Enacted by the , Aumority aforesaid, That for the more effectual Enabling the.Banners of the Duty or Excise aforesaid to collect ahd, gather the said Eaxife, all Retailers of Strong Liquors within this Colony shall, upon all.and any their Receipts of all or any the Strong Liquors made liable to pay the Doty.of.Excise by the Act aforesaid, ifcade in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty,coriie to the formers of the Excise aforesaid, or either of them, their’Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and give a true and just Account of all the said Liquors, received by them, and pay immediately, for. focure to;be paid within Three Months, to the Farmers of the said Excise, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the Duty of Excise for the said Liquors, appointed by die Act aforesaid; and all such Liquors as shall be fbupd* belonging to any Retailer oir Retailers, whether it shall be found in the Hou(e, Out-house, Cellar, or Close of the said Retailer ct Retailers, or in the House; Our-house, Cellar, or.Glofeof any other Person, and put there.by the, said, Retailer or Retailers, or by their or any < of their Direction and Appointment, and have not been duly Reported according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and paid the Duties of Excise, or secured the same to be paid, as aforesaid, that then, and in such case, upon Conviction by Oath of One or more credible Witnesses before any Justice of the Peace within this Colony, the said Retailer , Ppp or

241

■id

*4

Aptin Regni Quartz ,CaorgU Regis.

or Retailors, so Offending, shall forfeit all fucfi Liquors, and Three times the Value’ thereof, to the said trausis Harrison and Gilbert Fiwwgfton, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; to be recovered before any ^hree justices of the Peace of this Colony, whereof One to be of the Quorum, who are hereby, asOo* casion foall require, Impowered, Directed, and Commanded, toiteaf, try, and det^xnine die lame, as the Matter shall appear to them to whom Complaint la made/ and award Execution apcordin^ly, by lifting their Warrant for: the Seizing of all such Liquors as fluid be to forfeited, as aforesaid, and foali orded the same to be delivered to the said F

or either of them, their, or either of their Executors, Admfoistrators, or-Aligns } and shall also issue their Warrant for the Apprehending and Committing to the Common-Goal every such Retailer or Retailers Offending, as aforesaid, eo®w trary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and Convicted thereof, as aforesaid, there to remain without Bailor Main prize," until he, she, or they shall make Payment unto the said FrancirHarrifon and Gilbert Living fan, theitf Executors, Administrators, or; Assigns, of Three times the Value of hfoh Liquor so seized and forfeited, as aforesaid j and the Sheriflf of each County in this Co-? lony where such Offence happens to be committed, is hereby Directed and Commanded to-receive the Bodies of anyftich Offender or Offenders, and feifoy her, or them to keep in the Cdmnion^Cfoal of the County In which he is She* riffv according to the Tenor of the aforefjpd Warrant > and if the said Sheriff shall suffer the said Person or Persons, so committed to him, to escape out of thq laid Goal, he shall be liable to aq A&kxa in the same manner as if. die fitid Person or Persons had been committed to him in Execution by ftrocejfc out of any Court of Record within this Colony. - i ■£■..' A

' Provided always, and it so hobby fuftbe^ Enacted, That; neither thisA&J nor arty thing herein> contained, nor any shiqg contained in the Act of thi Twelfthof. Queen Anne aforesaid, n^r any thing contained in .any bfoer Act npw in Force, relating to the Excise, shall be construed to hinder or debar the said Francis Harrison and Gilbert Lfroingfom, their Executors, AdministratorSj

or Assigns, from Compounding with, anyofrhe Persons so Offending, or from. Remitting all or any part of any the Penalties and Forfeitures contained in this cyariy thd said Acts, or from Conttadfing and Agreeing with, all or any the £uR Retailers for any Sum of Money, or other Consideration, so lieu arid Bead o the (Hd Duty of Excise, to be paid by them, or any Of; them; but it &aU and may be Lawful for the said Franck-Harrison and Gilbert' £Jruingftony thleijr Ex-

ecutors, Administrators, or AfDgas, t<j> compound, compromjfe and agree wide apy the Persons Offending, contrary ta the Meaning of this Act, and to remit all or any part of the Penalties a^d Horseituces, as they shall think fit, and to agree with ill or- any the Retailers of Liquors for a^iy Sum of Money of other Gonffderation, to b$ paid by themy ! or any of them, the said Retails^, inffeii and (lead of the Duty of Ex^iie. aforesaid; any thing in this Axft, oe aijyt ojfoer Act to the contrary in any wise, notwithstanding.

And be it Enacted by- foe Authority aforesaid, That it shall be Lawful for the fold Jfrancis Hayrifonand Gilbert Lcvtntheir* or either of their Ewx cqt^, A*n‘forat®r*> Deputies, Agents, or-Assigns of their, or either of their Executors or Adminilkators, to- enter into the Houses, Qut-Jabufe% Wacefooufes^ Cellars, and Closes of any the-said Retaifers of Strong- Liquors, at any tfoiQ, amp so often as they foal) think fit, during the said FiveYeaEs/ to gauge and take aai Account of all Inch Strong Liquors excifoahlie, as afore laid,; and when ftieh> Account of the Quantity of Suoug Liquors, exciseable, as aforesaid, by the Pww son^ aforesaid i or any of them, is taken, thplakt Retail^ or* Retailers of Strong' Liquors, are hereby required to pay- the Excise/ due for foe fame, or enter into! Bond with such so'ffidefct Securities, as the said Frxmit- HurrJfdn Livingjbp, their Executors or Administwtox*, foall approve of, to, p^y. to fod foidFrdncirHanifot^and GUbert-lAvingfoon, their Executors* Admioufeatoos-ocf

• Assigns,

Anno Regni Quarto Georgii Regis,

243

n

Assigns, the said Duty of Excise given and granted by the said Act of General Aflfejnbly, made in the Twelfth Year of .He* late Majesty Qu^en Anw afbte-faii9\fcfrhin >the Term bf Three Months ijonithfe Day oPthb Bate of fifth ■ftehd i and ^T fitch Rkaitar and Raailhrs fli^l ifcliy'br toyay-dte^ said

Duty* yr.dekyxor refus^ to fifth Rond, itfftaRfod may be.fowfid fiw the {said Travail tJarrifon .os Gwe#.Rxej^ors,

Admihlffialofs, Or Assigns, to seize airfufch {Liquor, and ’iipcui Proof made b the Oaih of One or 'mow credible Win&Fes 'befferfb *ah^ ukirot His. Majesty s Juices bf-dje'Pefce'of th& Colubyv- that. bichtii^bots W&m gailgkdS^and

to

uch

Paymenvxkmajoded ftothem, orbqnd dettw^ej^to. be. giym \*&c<irdirtg

the Teribrof this Act, *if such Retailer or Retailers cannot, when before It Justice of the Peace, make Proof, by the Oath of Two credible Wittiefl^s,yf the Payment of such Money, or giving of such Bond, as afortfai.d, the\nvi6i lu-

itice of the Peace shall adjudge such LiduwS so gauged, j# afbiefeidf th^be forfeited & the said Francis Haniftto and Gilbert £iringftott> their Executors or Administrators, and dward the Delivery of them accordingly. iV A 1

' And be it further Enacted by the' Authority aforesaid, That ifdhyfutph Retailer or Retailers! of any the Strong Liquors, exdfeable by the Act of the Twelfth

of Queen Ann?aforesaid, Riali deny, refbfe, or hi nder the said, and Gilbert JLivingfim,or either of then?is thfefcy for either of their ExCoith

Administrators oar Assigns, Deputies ior Agentsy to have free Recourse ifttbjifrj her, or their Hcade, Waje+houfQ^ Out-Hoxife, Colkr, CioftQ- d* other fauge and; take an Acaotinr of all Liqjjors,- exeifeaMe by the Afrafprefaioj dre ia tfeftir kid Hpufofc, I Qut4ioufe$i) Ware-houfbs.* <>}fars' Oi^s, ofbthS •Pkces, tod ihtreof be- Chavicted* he, rfee, of ^hey, so O0miing,: flialffpffei the Su&viof.Ton Pounds ior eaich ’and every filth Offence, to ^bt? r^coyetbdbf Adioo of Debt in any Court of Record wit^: this:mete

Qtts, Cake*. Pipes^Tobtacccs QP aoy bther thing whatibevefj arvi not fof t •XcdeaWo JLicjuors fb dfilfjo&d in- order to defeat, elude, or *evade tt'*'■*'

end intension of this pajefem Ad, wamy AA now in Force rHatin^ to the1

I;:

1

c,

'V:

■ I I-.:':

1

:'U

r_

nJi , r*

\',

'*J t ■-■•

S;:

;\7 SZ rx‘

m , 't 1 j:\si cw,

■y.O/7 fv:r?’ ’ ! r.

J

1 i / , )

- J

.»• I

Kl -J.

1. f

:i; v

.244

jiam Begni Qudrto'JDeorgii Regis.

r

jn JB forFay itw and pifcharg 'ing fevera

this Colony to the Berfenstherein named;

and putting into the Hands of the this Colony,

several Quantities 6fPlate,to he applied the and

Necefary Ufesof this Colony ;, and to make Bills of

to the Value of Forty one thousfive hundred and teen Ounces and ah half of P t

" - ' f ' //•'■ ‘ . . c r . . r

J '! , i M \ ' r 1 ‘ ’ ' ' e ' * *' \s

'Hereas by one Act of the General AssembLyofthis Province, made in the Thirteenth Year of ^he Reign of Her kte Majesty Queer! 'Anne, of Imi-mortal Memory, Intituled, An Act the Paying and Difcb&rging the several Debts and Sums of Money claimed as Debts of this Colony to the seven'd Per*

fons therein namqd and to imhe and enforce the Currency of Bills of-Credit to the yalue of Twenty (eventhoufand six hundred and eighty Pounds,

also to make voijfgU Claims ana Demands or pretended to be due'front this Colony before the rirjl Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and fourteen^ &c* it was, amongst other things, Enacted, ;Thac all Persons whatsoeveiy except fitch as were appointed to be paid by that Act, should for ever be precluded and debarrd from pretending or making any Claim for the Payment for anSf Service or Services, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or’Effects, done, advanced, orr expended by them# or any of them, their, or either of their Ptedeeeffors, Coriftituents or Iijiployers, or by any Person or Persons whatsoever, fortheUfe bf this Colony, at ,any time before the said JFirst Day of June, One1 thousand seven hundred and, fourteen s And whereas if is manifest^ that several' Services have been done for the Government of this Colony, and several Goods, Wares and Merchandizes advanced for the PubKck and Necessary Uses of the fame for all which nevertheless no Reward or Payment was at that time claimed of demanded; which was occasioned either by the Remoteness of the Habitations of several of the Claimants, who were dwelling and residing in the neighbouring Colonies and Plantations, or by the Death of several Persons entitled to make such Demands, whose Widows or Children were not at that time able to make the.Justice of their Claims appear, for want of certain Books and Vouchers that have lince been dlfcovered, and which nevertheless was. as justly due from thii Colony, as any of the Sums paid by Virtue of the A# before mentioned: And whereas several Companies of Solaiers were imployed in the time of His late Majesty, our Glorious Deliverer, William the Third, of Blessed Memory, by the then Government of this Colony, for the necessary Service and Defence thereof, some of the Superior Officers of which Companies have been paid by the Directions and Virtue of the Act aforesaid; but the Inferior Officers ana Private Centinels, who being for the greater part indigent Persons, and many of them living remote, ancUHe Sums due to them being but small, could not leave the Attendance orntfre Prbvision for their families to solicit the Payment of their Dues; and neither the Persons remaining alive who had served in such Companies, nor the Widows and Orphan^ of such of them as were deceas’d, being able, for want of the Books and Vouchers aforesaid, since discovered, fully and clearly to make out the Equity of their Claims, were by the then General Assembly of this Colony n6t taken any Notice of, because the said Assembly were not inform’d of the equal Reasonableness and Justice of their said Claims with others their Superior Officers, who were directed to be paid by the aforesaid Act: And whereas several of the Persons, paid by the Direction of the Act aforesaid, have Claim for Services by them done, and Goods and Merchandizes by them advanced, for the Publick Service of this Colony; which

Claims-

245

Anno Regni Quarto Georgii Regis.

Qaims were equally just with those for which they were paid,' but could noc at that time be made appear, for want of the Books and Vouchers since discovered, as aforesaid; the Payment of all which Claims has been recommended to the Representatives of this Colony in General Assembly convened, by his Excellency the Governor, in his Speech to them of the Fifth of June, One thousand seven hundred and sixteen: And whereas several Persons appointed to be paid several Sums of Money by the Act of the Thirteenth of Q&een Anne aforesaid, did not come within the Time limited by the said Act for the Receiving of the fame; which was in part occasioned by the Remoteness of some of the said Persons Habitations from the Treasury of tills Colony; in part because feve-: ral of them having died Intestate, and no Persons takiftg out Letters of Administration on their Goods and Chattels, the Sums they were, to receive being not sufficient to defray the Charges of such Administration in part frgm some Defect in the appointing the Payment of the said Sums; so that the Quantity of Seventeen hundred ninety seven‘ Ounces Eight Periy Weight and Twenty Grains of Plate has been thereby left in the Hands of the.Trfeafurer, whereof Sixteen hundred eighty five Ounces One Peny Weight and Six Grains is .hereby applied to the Publick Use of this Colony, in Paying of the said Treasurer for his Care and Pains in Paying and Sinking the Bills of Credit made Current by the Act aforesaid, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and in which no Provision was made for a Reward to be given the said Treasurer; and One hundred and twelve Ounces Seven Peny Weight and Fourteen Grains, in Paying Cornelius Pofiand Samuel Provost, by Order of the General Assembly of this Province, for Publick Services j which Sums were nevertheless due to the said Persons, and they are left remediless, unless provided for by this Act: And whereas the Partition-Lines between this Colony and the Colony of , and be-

tween this Colony and the Colony of New-Jersey, are necessary to be known and ascertained, in order that such of the Inhabitants of this Colony, whose Estates or Habitations are adjacent to, and border on the said Partition-Lines, may peaceably, and without Molestation, enjoy the Fruits of their Industry^ and that the Government may not be defrauded of the Publick Taxes that may arise and become due from the said Inhabitants, by their pretending that they do not dwell within this Colony: And whereas there is not at this time any Money in the Hands of the Treasurer of this Colony, but what is appropriated to particular Uses, and that it is requisite, for the Service of this Colony, that there be some Sum of Money‘lodgea in his Hands, as well for the Payment of the Salary of Ambrose Philip Esq; Agent of this Colony, or the Agent of this

Colony for the time being, as for the Answering any sudden Exigency of this Colony that may happen, and cannot so soon otherwise be provided for by an Act of the General Assembly of this Province. In order therefore to pay the Claims and several Demands now made, and upon strict Search and Examination, found to be equally due with any others that have been paid by Virtue of the aforesaid Act, and to make proper and sufficient Provision for the Purposes before mentioned > Be it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That Bills of Credit to the Value of Forty one thousand five hundred and seventeen Ounces and an half of the Spanish Coins of SeviltMexico, or Pillar Plate, be forthwith printed and ligned, to wit. One thousand three hundred and ninety one of Ten Ounces of Plate aforesaid. One thousand of Seven Ounces and Ten Peny Weight aforesaid. One thousand of Five Ounces of Plate aforesaid. One thousand of Two Ounces and Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. One thousand of Two Ounces of Plate aforesaid. One thousand of One Ounce and Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. One thousand of One Ounce and Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. Two thousand two hundred of One Ounce of Plate aforesaid. Three thousand of Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, Four thousand of Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. Five thousand six hundred and

Q. q q thirty

Anno Regni Quarto Georgii Regis.

thirty of Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid; which Bills shall be imprest in the Middle with the Arms of the City of; and on the Top of each

of them shall be printed the Quantity of Plate they shall go Current for, and shall be in the Form following, 'viz.

THIS Bill of-----Ounces ----- Peny Weight of Plate,

due from the Colony of New-York to the thereof

shall he in Value equal to Sevil, Pillar^ or Mexico Plate, and shall he Accepted accordingly by the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being), for all Publick Payments, and for any Fund at any time in the Treasury. Dated in New-York the Twenty eighth Day of November, One thousand hundred and seventeen, by Order of the Governor, and Council, and General Ajfemhly.

• / i

Which Bills shall be Signed and Numbred by Robert , Johannes

Jansen, David Provo]}, and John Cruger, Esquires, or any Three of them; and in case of the Death of any of the said Persons, the said Bills shall be Signed and Numbred by the major part of the Persons above mentioned then alive.

And be it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That the Bills of Credit to be made and issued by Virtue of this Act, shall be and continue Current for the Term and Space of Twenty two Years (that is to say ) until the Year of our Lord Christ, One thousand seven hundred and thirty nine be ended, if the Funds arising by this Act for the yearly Sinking of part of the said Bills do not sooner answer that End j and shall be received and paid for so many Ounces or Peny Weights of Plate as the Value of them is said to be, and be of equal Value to the lame Quantity of Sevil, P, or Mexico Plate, for Goods, or any other thing bought or sold by all Persons. whatsoever residing in, or passing through this Colony; and the Tender of the said Bills for Payment or Dischar-ging of any Debt or Debts, Bargain, Sale of Land, or other Things, Bonds, Mortgages, Specialties, and Contracts whatsoever, shall be as effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Current Silver Plate, or other Bills of Credit of this Colony, had been offered and tendred for the Discharge of the fame, or any Part thereof; and any Person or Persons whatsoever, refuling any the said Bills of Credit, during the Time they are by this A# appointed to be made Current, shall be equally debarred, and subject to the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as if the said Person or Persons had refiifed any the Bills of Credit made Current by the Act of the Thirteenth of Qjieen Anne aforesaid, Intituled, An Act for the Paying and the Debts and

Sums of Money claimed as Debts of this , &c. and the said Penalties and

Forfeitures shall be recovered in the same Manner, and applied to the same Uses, as is directed in and by the said Act of the Thirteenth of Queen Anne aforesaid.

And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Persons appointed for the Signing of the said Bills of Credit, shall make an Oath before any One Justice of the Peace of this Colony, for the true Signing and Delivery of all the said Bills of Credit, and no more than the Number mentioned in this Act, to the Treasurer of this Colony, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

And

Anno Regni Quarto Georgii Regfs. 24X

And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Robert David

Provofi,) Johannes Jan fen, and John Cruger, Esquires, appointed hereby to

Sign the Bills of Credit made Current by this Act, shall, for such their Services, have paid to each of them, or each of their Executors or Assigns, by the Trfea* surer aforesaid, in Bills of Credit made Current by this Act, the Quantity of One hundred and seventy five Ounces of Plate aforesaid, as a Reward lor their Trouble in Signing and Numbring the Bills aforesaid. •

And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Perfects whatsoever shall prelqme to Counterfeit any of the said Bills of Credit, he, she* or they, being Convicted thereof, shall Incur the Pains and Penalties of Felony, without JBepefit of Cfergy, and shall fuflfer accordingly.

And for the effectual; Stinking, Cancelling, and Destroying the Bills of Crd- dit aforesaid made Current by this Adij Be it Enacted by the Governor, Couth cil, and General Alfembfy, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be given and granted, and there is hereby given and granted unto His Majesty,

His Heirs, and Successors, from the First Day of , which shall be in

the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty four, until the First Day of November, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, for the Use above mentioned, an Excise upon Liquors retailed throughout this Colony, under the Quantity of Five Gallons ( Beer and Cyder only, excepted ) to wit, the Eighth Part of an Ounce o Pillar, or Mexico Plate for each Gallon so retailed; and likewise Three qUar? ters of an Ounce of like Plate for every Barrel of Beer and Cyder ,• which .laid Five Years Excise is to be Levied, Cohered, and Paid, under the feme Pains, Penalties, Regulations, Restrictions, Conditions, and Forfeitures, and in like Manner and Method, as is prescribed and directed by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, of Immortal Memory, Intituled, An Act for paying an Excise on all Strong Liquors retailed in this Colony. -

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there be Levied, Raised, Collected, and Paid, the respective Duties and Customs hereafter specified, which are hereby given and granted unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Space and Term of Seventeen Years, to commence from the time of Palfing this Act (that is to say ) For every Pipe of Wine that shall be Imported into this Colony, One Ounce and a Quarter of an Ounce of Plate, of the Spanish Coins of Sevil, Pillar, or Mexico Plate, or the Value thereof in

Lyon Dollars, or Half Dollars, or in Bills of Credit Current in this Colony; and so in Proportion for any greater or smaller Quantities Imported, as aforesaid : For every Gallon of Rum, Brandy, or other Distilled Liquors, Imported into this Colony, Two Grains and an half of like Plate: Which Duties shall be Levied, Collected, and Paid, under the feme Pains, Penalties, Regulations, Restrictions, Conditions, and Forfeiture-, and in like Manner and Method, as is prescribed and directed in and by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of Her late Majesty's Reign, Intituled, An Act for Levying and Paying the fevered Du*

ties therein mentioned, for the Use of this Colony.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer of this Colony shall keep Accounts of the Duties hereby given on Wine, Runr, Brandy, and other Distilled Liquors, separate and distinct from the Accounts of the Duties already granted on the said Liquors of the aforesaid Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of Her late Majesty's Reign, Intituled, An Act for Levying and Paying the several Duties therein mentioned.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Excise given and granted in and by the aforesaid Act of Assembly, palfed in the Twelfth Year of Her late Majesty's Reign, Intituled, An Act for Laying an Excise on att Strong Liquors retailed in this Colony,shall amount unto a greater Sum than will be sufficient to fink, cancel, and destroy the Bills of Credit, made

Current

Anno Regni Quarto Georgii Reg/s.

Current by the aforesaid Act of Assembly, Intituled, An Act for the Paying and Discharging the federal Debts and Sums of Money claimed as Debts of , to

the federal Persons therein named; and to and enforce the of Bills of Credit to the Value of Twenty seven th six hundred and eighty

for that Purpose; also to tnake void all Claims and Demands made or pretended

to be due from this Colony before the Firfi Day of June, One thousand hundred and fourteen; and to prevent this Colony from being in Debt for the future; that then, and in such case, the said Sum . or Sums of Money remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer, over and above what will be sufficient to fink, cancel, and destroy the said Bills, so, as aforesaid, made Current by the aforesaid Act of Assembly, shall be, by the said Treasurer, given inExchange for Bills of Credit made Current by this Act; which said Bills shall be funk, cancelled, and destroyed in like manner as is herein after directed*

And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That all and singular the Quantities of Plate arising by Virtue of this Act by the Excise upon Strong Liquors above mentioned, and by the Duty upon Wine, Rtim, Brandy, or other Distilled Liquors before mentioned, shall be applied to and for the Sinking, Cancelling, and Destroying the Bills of Credit aforesaid, made Current by this Act, and shall. By the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, be given in Exchange for such Bills of Credit aforesaid, to any Person or Persons who shall, during the Time aforesaid, have any the said Bills of Credit in their Hands, in order that the said Bills be funk and destroyed, as by this Act is directed.

' And that the said Bills of Credit may be truly and bona fide funk, as the Fund arising by Virtue of this Act is paid unto the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being; Be it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Robert , David Provofi, Johannes Jansen, and John , Esquires aforesaid, or the

major part of them living, or that shall be living, shall twice Yearly and every Year (to wit) on the First Day of March, and on the First Day of September, audit the Accounts of the Money received by Virtue of this Act, and shall, within One Week thereafter, affix Advertisements in the mod Publick Places of the City of New-York, setting forth what Quantity of Plate has been received, and is in the Treasurer’s Hands by Virtue of this Act; which Plate shall, by the Treasurer aforesaid, be given in Exchange for Bills of Credit made Current by this Act, to any Person or Persons bringing in the fame; and the said Bills of Credit shall, on or before the Expiration of One Month after the Time of such Audit, be ftlnk and destroyed in presence of Robert David

vofi, Johannes Jansen, and John Cruger, Esquires aforesaid, or the major part of them then alive, appointed by this Act to audit the Accounts of the said Treasurer, having first compared the said Bills of Credit with their Counterparts, and entred into a Book, to be kept for that Purpose, the Number and Value of each Bill of Credit lb funk and destroyed: But if it so happen, that all or any part of the Sums arising by Virtue of this Act, shall be paid unto the Treasurer of this Colony in Bills of Credit made Current by this Act, that then, and in such case, the said Bills shall be funk in manner aforesaid, immediately after the said Account of the Treasurer is audited; and publick Notice shall be given of the Value of the Bills so funk and destroyed, as also of the Quantity of Plate in his Hands (if any be ) within the Time before prescribed; and each of the Auditors appointed by this Act to audit and examine the Accounts of the said Treasurer, with relation to the Money received by Virtue of this Act, and to fee, compare, and fink the Bills of Credit, as by this Act is ‘directed, mall take the following Oath, ( viz.)

£ A. B.

Anno Regni Quarto Georgii Regis,

24 9

1A.B. appointed to Audit and Examine the Accounts of the Treasurer of this Colony, will faithfully, and impar-

tially Examine and Audit the fame Accounts, and compare and fink the said Rills of Credit, as directed by this Act; and will

truly and faithfully do and perform, according to my Skill and Ability, every th'ing airested and appointed by this -font Act for me, as Auditor, to do and perform

So help me God.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each of the Persons before named, appointed to Audit and Examine the Accounts of the Treasurer, as aforesaid, mail, for such Examination and Auditing, receive the Suni of Five Ounces of Plate each time of their Examining and Auditing such Accounts, to be paid by the said Treasurer out of the Fund arising and accruing by Virtue of this Act.

And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, shall keep an exact Account of the particular Quantities of Plate paid by Virtue of and according to the Directions of this Act, with Receipts and Discharges from the Person or Persons, their Executors of Assigns, to whom the said Quantities of Plate have been paid, to be produced by him at. all times for View and Examination of the Governor, Council, and General Assembly of this Colony, or either of them, on Penalty of making good and refunding any Sum or Sums of Money which shall not he so vouched and discharged, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

- And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, shall pay in the Bills of Credit made Current by this Act, umo each of the Persons hereafter named, or each of their Executors or Assigns, the several Quantities of Plate hereafter expressed (that is to say )

To the Executors of Major Dirk WeJJe, or their Assigns, the Quantity of Ten Ounces Seventeen Peny Weight and an half of Plate aforesaid, being what remain's due to him,of a. Warrant drawn by Benjamin Fletcher Esq; once Governor of this Colony, dated the Fourth Day of , One thousand six hundred ninety four.

To AmieD'Lagranzie junior, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifteen Ounces of Plate aforesaid, in fall Discharge of an Account of Eight Pounds, and Eighteen Shillings, for Passage of Soldiers, - and Freight of several Stores to Albany^xn the Year One thousand seven hundred and thirteen.

To Peter Van Wogum,his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty

one Ounces Twelve Peny Weight and an half of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of an Account of Nine Pounds, and Eighteen Shillings, for Monies advanced, and Two Oxen delivered to the Commissioners at Albany in tile Year One thousand six hundred eighty and nine.

To Jan Janfe Blether, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Seventeen Ounces Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of an Account of Seven Pounds, and Eighteen Shillings, for fqndry Goods delivered by him in the Year One thousand six hundred ninety one, for the Use of the Government.

R r r To

ie

Anno Regni Quarto Georgii Regis.

To Rutger Bleeker, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Eleven Ounces Twelve Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of an Account Of Five Pounds, Six Shillings, and Nine Pence, for Lime delivered by John Abeel for the Building of a Fort at Albany.

To John White, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Five Ounces and Seventeen Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, for Joyner’s Work done in His Majesty's Fort at New-York in the Year One thousand ux hundred ninety eight.

To JohannesD'Lagranzie, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty two Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of a Claim of Twelve Pounds, and Five Shillings, for Service done by him and Cornells Slingerlandt, as Armourers in His Majesty's Fort at Schenectady in the Year One thousand six hundred ninety four.

To Edward Anderson, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirteen Ounces of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of a Demand of Six Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, for Service done in Company with John , to saw Boards and Timber, to make and mend Carriages for His Majesty's Fort in -York.

To Frederick Myndertfe, his Executors of Assigns, the Quantity of One hundred and thirty six Ounces Seventeen Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of Four Warrants drawn by Edward Lord Cornbury; Two dated the Fourteenth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and six,* and Two dated the Nineteenth Day of August, One thousand seven hundred and eight, for his Service as Armourer in His Majesty's Garrison at Albany.

To Abraham Staats, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty seven Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of an Account of Twelve Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, and Six Pence, for Freight of Provisions, and other Stores to Albany in the late happy Resolution; and also for Carrying of Soldiers and Provisions in the Year Seventeen hundred.

To Abraham Kip, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty nine Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of Two Warrants; One whereof was drawn by Richard Earl of for Beer delivered

by him to His Majesty's Ship the Fortune, in the Year Seventeen hundred; and the other by Edward Lord Cornbury, in the Year Seventeen hundred and seven.

To Benjamin Fannell,his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Ten Ounces of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of a Warrant drawn by Captain John Nan-fan, Lieutenant Governor of this Colony, dated the Fourteenth of April in the Year Seventeen hundred and two, payable to Jonathan Brodhurji for Charges expended by him in Settling the Excise of the City and County of Albany, in the Year Seventeen hundred. '

To PeterGuelick, his Executors or Aifligns, the Quantity of Two Ounces and Seventeen Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, for Service done by his Brother Samuel Guelick deceas’d at Albany, as a Soldier under the Command of Captain Hickbey, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and four.

To PeterQuackenbofs, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Nineteen Ounces and Twelve Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of Nine Pounds, for Freight or Stores from New-York to Albany, by Order of Edward Lord Cornbury.

To Colonel Jacob Rutfen, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty one Ounces Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for the Arrearages of the Taxes of the County of Ulster, which he overpaid to Colonel Stephen VanCort-landt, One of the Commissioners for Executing the Office of Receiver General of this Colony, as appeared by his Receipt.

To

Anno Regrit Quarto Georgii Regis. 251

To Margarita Elizabeth Codzvife,' her Executors or A (Tigris, the Quantity of Twenty five Ounces of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge for Service done by her deceas’d Husband John Coenraet Codwife, in Transcribing and Making a

fair Copy, for the Use of the General Assembly, of the Books of the Debts said to be due from this Colony.

To Harmanus Rutgers, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Three

Ounces Two Peny Weight and a half of Plate, as aforesaid, for Beer by him delivered, and other Disbursinents, by Order of Captain Otto Van Tayl, for

Boat’s Company sent to Sandy-hook in the Colony’s Service.

To William Bradford, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Nine Ounces and Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Books delivered by him for the Use of the Publick.

To the Right Honourable Charlotte Lady , her Executors or Assigns,

the Quantity of One hundred and seventy Ounces Seventeen Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid* in full Discharge of a Warrant drawn by Colonel Peter Schuyler, dated the Eighth Day of May Seventeen hundred and nine, being f r Fire-wood expended in His Majesty's Fort at , during the Admini-

stration of John Lord Lovelace her deceas’d Husband.

To Johannes Janfert, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty two Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of an Account of Twenty four Pounds, for his Service done in an Expedition against the French at Albany, as Captain by Commission from Colonel Fletcher, then Governor of

this Province, in the Year Sixteen hundred ninety two.

To Captain Leendt Lewis, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Nine Ounces and Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of a Demand of Seven Pounds, and Ten Shillings, for his Service done at Albany in an Expedition against the French in the Mohaucks Country, under the •Command of Captain John Janfeny in the Year Sixteen hundred ninety two. . : 1

To Coenraet Borgaert, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty one

Ounces Seventeen Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid^ in full Discharge of an Account of Ten Pounds, for Six Weeks Service in an Expedition against the Frenchin.the Year Sixteen hundred ninety two.

To Sarah Skoute, Widow of John Shoute deceas’d, her Executors or Assigns; the Quantity of thirty seven Ounces and Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of a Demand made for her said Husband’s Service, as Gtinner in the Fort of New-York in the time of the late happy Resolution, in the Year

Sixteen hundred and ninety.

To Johannes Ten Eyck, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Forty seven Ounces Ten. Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of an Account of Thirty one Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, and Four Pence, for the Hire of his Father’s Sloop, arid Mens Wages, in Service of this Colony, in the Year Seventeen hundred and five.

To Schibolet Bogardus, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Eighty tvfo Ounces of Plate aforesaid, in foil Discharge of an Account of Thirty seven Pounds, and .Ten Shillings, for Hire of his Sloop,- being employed to unload the Ship Elizabeth^ Captain Jones Commander, when the said Ship went in ah Expedition against some French Privateers, under the Command of Captain William Pear tree, in the Year Seventeen hundred and five, and the Passage of Fifty Soldiers from Albany to New-York.

To Cornells Van Slycky his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirteen Ounces and Two Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of Seven Pounds, and Ten Shillings, for his Journey with CoIonelPettr Schuyler to Onnondage in Service of the Government. :i -

To

Anno Regni Quarto Georgii

To EvertJanfen, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Three Ounces

and Seventeen Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, for.some small Casks or Runlets, delivered to the Indians by Order of Colonel Peter for the Service of this Colony.

To Jacobus Van Schoenhoven, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Eight

Ounces and Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of an Account of Four Pounds, for Fire-wood delivered to Captain Company in the Year One thousand'seven hundred and four.

To Captain Leendt Loewis and Johannes their, or either of their Ex-

ecutors or Assigns, the Quantity of Forty one Ounces and Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of an Account of Nineteeen Pounds, for sundry Expences several Persons of Dutchess-C were at in Entertaining Cap1-tain Lon grave's Company, and Six Mens Attendance on them in their Journey to Albany, in the Government’s Service.

To Johannes Hooglandt, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifteen Ounces of Plate aforesaid, for Sods delivered for the Fort of by

Order of my Lord Cornbury, late Governor of this Colony, in the Year Seventeen hundred and six.

To the said Johannes Hooglandt, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty seven Ounces and Ten Peny Weight of Plate, for his Pay as a Trooper in Colonel Dongans Expedition to Albany in the Year Sixteen hundred and eighty eight, and for a Gun left in the Fort of in the time of the late

happy Resolution.

To Parent Hybon,his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Seven Ounces of Plate,- for Service done for the Government in being an Out-Scout at Sandy-Hook in the Year Sixteen hundred and ninety.

'To Dirk Adolf by John D'Pew, and Simon their, or either of their

Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Four Ounces of Plate aforesaid, for each of them, as being Scouts the same time at Sandy-Hook.

To Jacobus Van Dyck, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty nine Ounces Seventeen Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, in full Dischargi of a Warrant drawn by Edward Lord Cornbury, dated the Eighteenth Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and six, for a Year’s Service as Chirurgeon in His Majesty's Fort of ScheneSiady. -

i To Helena Cooper,her-Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty Ounces

and Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of a Warrant drawn by Richard Earl of Bellomont, dated the Twenty seventh Day of ber. One thousand seven hundred, payable to for Sundries

delivered for the Use of the Government.

To Annetie Daniels, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Eleven Ounces and Seven Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of a Warrant drawn by Edward Lord Cornbury, dated the Tenth Day of One thousand seven hundred, made payable to her self for Tending Sick Soldiers.

To Colonel Peter Mathews, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Two hundred and sixty six Ounces and Two Peny Weight and a half of-Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of sundry Warrants drawn by Edward Lord Cornbury } One dated the Seventeenth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and four, payable to Edward Cole, for a Quarter’s Salary as Messenger of the Council i One dated the Twenty seventh Day of One thousand seven hundred and seven, payable to Elizabeth Cole for another Quarter’s Salary as Messenger to the Council; and Three others dated the Tenth Day of i ber$ One thousand seven hundred and eight, payable to Cole for Three

Years Salary of her deceas’d Husband Edward. , as.Messenger of the Council* and for Diet and Lodging of some SpanijhPrifoners.

" A' To

*53

Anna Regnk Quarto Georgii Regis.

To John Van Loon,his Executors 6r Assigns, the Quantity of Eighty five

Ounces of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of an Account of Thirty eight Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Ten Pence, for several forts of Work done by him at Albany for the Soldiers and others, by Order of Colonel Thomas Dongan*

ToKllian Van Ranjlaer and Colonel John their, or either of their

Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty Ounces of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of an Account of Eighteen Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Nine Pence, for several Stockadoes delivered for the Fort at , and for Squaring; and

Setting them up. , i

To Andries Coyemany his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Forty one

Ounces and Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Provision to the Forces in their March to Albany in the Year Sixteen hundred and ninety.

To Anthony Van Schaik, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Two Ounces and Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for mending of Glass-Wiri-dows in His Majesty's Garrison at Albany.

To Captain Hertry HoUandt,his. Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of One hundred and twenty , five- Ounces of Plate aforesaid, for Service done for the Government. . .s.) .1 ’

v To Captain John Riggsr his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Sixty two Ounces and Ten Peny . Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Service done for the Government.- .1.

To Qefar Sharp, his lExecutors: or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty fix Ounces Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Service done by his Father Thomas Sharp deceas’d, for the Government.

To Deborah Fieldirigyhzr Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty seven Ounces. Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Service performed by ner late Husband Nicholas .Fielding* :

To John Harris, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty two Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of a Claim of Nineteen Pounds, Four Shillings, for bringing several Boat-Loads of Timber for Carriages, and several: Boat-Loads of Sods, and for Ferrying Horses from Amboy to New-York, fot ahe Use of this Colony.; '

To hip Van Dam Eiq; his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty one Ounces and Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of a Warrant drawn bythfe Lord Cornbury, dated the Seventeenth Day of One thousand seven hundred and two, payable to Heud Hanse and Ryer Schermerhoorn, for Presents to the Indians for Liberty to cut Masts for Ships for His Majesty's Use, and for other Demands and; Accounts, Services done, Goods and Wares advanced for the Service of this Colony, amounting to Two hundred sixty five Pounds* Five Shillings, arid Five Pence Half^peny.

To John Crook, his Executors of Assigns, the Quantity of One hundred and twenty five Ounces of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of an Account of One hundred thirty four Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, and Four Pence Halfpeny, for several forts of Work done in His Majesty's Fort of from thp Year

Seventeen hundred and one to Seventeen hundred and four; and for Fivd Warrants drawn by Edward Lord Cornbury; One dated the Sixth Day of January, Seventeen hundred and three, made payable to the said for sundry Necessaries for the Garrison of Albany; and Four Warrants drawn by the said Lord Cornbury, payable to the said Crook for his Salary as Waiter and Gauger j One dated the Twenty fourth of June, Seventeen hundred and four? One dated the Twenty fourth of June, Seventeen hundred and six; One dated the Twenty ninth Day of Septeifiber. Seventeen hundred and eight.

To Schibotus Bogardus, and the rest of the Children of Peter de-

ceas’d, their, or either of their Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Eighty three Ounces Fifteen Peiiy Weight of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of an t . S f f Account

*54

j&me Regia Quarto Georgil Regk.

Account of Sixty seven Pounds, for mending of Glass+Windaws in the Fort at Albany, and Salary as. Commissioner for the King's Stores at y and fo£ Freight of his Sloop, to be equally divided among the Children of the said Peter Bogardus deceas’d.

To l\aac 1$ Reimer, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of One hundred and thirteen Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of a Warrant Indorsed to him by Captain deceas’d, dated the Eighth of

January Seventeen hundred and one, and drawn by the said. Nanfan, andmadd payable to himself . t

To Jacobus Bayard, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty fervent Ounces and Fifteen Peny Weight of Hate aforesaid, iri foil Discharge of an Account of Twenty six Pounds, amd Nine Shillings, for several Casks of Beery delivered by his Father Balthazar Bayard deceas'd, for the Use of His Majen *yi Garfifon at Nezv-York, by Order of Jacob Lsifler Esq;

To JVtUiam Chambers, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fotutcct* Ounces and Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of ai Demand of Six Pounds, Twelve Shifangs, and 5i» Pence, for severalThings by him bought and disbwrfed for Captain Wttttatk who was lent bydmGo-i

vemment against the French Privateers then Infefting this Coast.

Tq Colonel Abraham D& Peyfter, his Executors or Assigns, the Qpantity of Two hundred fifteen Ounces Two Peny Weigh# and a half of Plate afarexaidy in foil Discharge of Two Warrants; the One dated the Twenty eighth Day of April,$everaeen hundred and one, for Tverity ei^K Pounds, Twelve Shillings, drawn by His Majesty's Council- if the Abfeoce of the Lieuteaadt Governor John Nanfan, and payable for Money hud out byltycr and

John Latham Ship-Carpenter, to look forMafts for the Royal Navy; and the other dated the Twenty sixth Day of January, Seventeen hundred and one* for Sixty nine Pounds, Fifteen Shillings^ and Eight Pence, drawn by John Nanfan Lieutenant Governorj 'payable tot the said Colonel Abraham FaPeyfter for Beef, Pork, and Pease, foond and provided by Johannes Van Cartlandt, for His Majesty's Ship Fortune, font to England wkfo Suip-Timber. i

' To Anthony Lifphtard, his Executors, or Assigns, the Quantity of Nineteen Ounces and Twelve Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of an Account, of Nine Pounds, fix-fetching'Three Slocp Loads of Strockadoes |br His Majesty's Fort at New-York, < ’

To Daniel Joy, his Executors or Assigns, foe Calamity of Thirty sevenOunces and Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in foil Discharge of a Demand of Fifty fane Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, and Nine Pence, foe Cartouch-Bo«es and Sun* dries delivered j - and Three-Joumies to the Highlands, for the Service of the Gcm vermnent.

To Catherina Cooker, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Sixty

Ounces and a half of Plate aforesaid, in foil Discharge of a Demand of Two hundred and ten Pounds, Two Shillings, and Four Pence Half-peny, for fan-dry Services done by Thomas- Cooker, her deceas’d Husband, from the Yeaq Sixteen hundred eighty fix to foe Year Sixteen hundred ninety eight, fee this Government.

To Magdalena Furt, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty two Ounces and Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of Tin Warrants drawn by Edward Lord' Combmy j-. One whereof is dated the Eighth of January,Seventeen hundred and seven, for Fourteen Pounds, payable tea Barth Furt, Sec. for Sundries advanced for the Use of the Government; the Second dated the Fifth of April, Seventeen hundred and five, payable tot Mr. Ferret, &c. for Twenty Pounds foe Hoofe-Rent; and the Third dated foe Thirteenth Day of Qtiober, Seventeen hundred and five, payable to Robert

Crannel, &c. for Seven Pounds, and Ten Shillings, for fas Service as Cockr> fwairt of foe Governor's Barge, j

- •. To

Atm Regnl Quarto Georgii Regis, 255

To Jane Tothill, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Sixteen Ounces

and a half of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of Two Warrants drawn by Edward Lord Cornbury yOat dated the Sixth of January Seventeen hundred and three, payable to' JeremiahTothill deceas’d, for Sundries delivered by him for the Use of this Colony j and the other dated the Third of August Seventeen hundred and three, payable to HUtegond Decay deceas’d, for Bread and Biscuit delivered for the Use of this Government, when the said Lord made

a Voyage to Albany to visit the Five Nations' of Indians. -

To OmieD'Lagranzie senior, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of

Thirty Ounces oL Plate aforesaid, in foil Discharge of a Claim of Twenty six Pounds, Five Shillings, and Nine Pence, for Freight due to him from this Government, in the Year Sixteen hundred and ninety till the Year Sixteen hundred ninety five, '

To Johannes Beckman, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty seven Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in foil Discharge of ah Account of Sixty Pounds, and Ten Shillings, for his Service and Company^ for Riding the Patrol upon the Frontiers at Albany in the Expedition against Canada in the Year Seventeen hundred and taine.

To Jacob Dingm4ti> his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Seven Ounces and a half of Plate aforesaid, in foil Discharge of a Demand of Six Pounds^ for his being wounded in the Servide in the late Expedition against .•

r To William Bradford, his Executors or Assigns* the Quantity of One hundred and two Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, hi full Discharge of Three Warrants drawn by Edward Lord Cornbury; One dated the Firftof Seventeen hundred and three, payable to Robert , or Order, for Fire-wood

for the Fort of New-York; and Two Warrants dated the Seventeenth Day of February Seventeen hundred and three, payable to JoknBradock, See. for the Hire of his Sloop for .Two Voyages to iupprefs illegal Trade, and for fondfy other Goods and Books delivered for the Use of the Government, amounting to the Sum of Seventy five Pounds, Four Shillings, and Ten Pence.

To Harmuttis Van Slyck, his Executors dr Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty

two Ounces and a half of Plate aforesaid, in foil Discharge of an Account of Eighteen Pounds, and Three Shillings* for Five Days Wages in Company1 with several others in the . Service of the Government, and his Loss of Time and Expences when wounded in the said Service.

• To Stephen D’Latocey* 'his Executors or Assigns, die Quantity of Thirty four Ounces Two Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of a Warrant assigned him by Frederick Mindertfe, Armourer at Fort Albany, drawn by Edward Lord Cornbury the Nineteenth of October Seventeen hundred and three, being for a Year’s, Salary of the said Mindertfe.

To Jellis Van Vorjl, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifteen Ounces and Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in foil Discharge of a Claim of Seven Pounds, and Fetor: Shillings, for carrying several Indian SachirUs from Schenettady to Albany^ during the: Administratiou of die Lord Bellbmmt .md the Lord Cornbury.

To Captain Arent Schuyler, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of One hundred and seventy five Ounces of Plate aforesaid, for Six Barrels of Powder delivered for His Majesty's Fort at Albany in the time of the late happy Resolution, and for the Discharge of his Account, amounting to One hundred and twenty five Pounds, for Services done for the Government.

To Gerrit Symonfe, Gerrit VerbrakeL, Cornells Potman, and John , their,

or either of their Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Sixty nine Ounces and Fifteen Peny W eight of Plate aforesaid, for their Service in bn Expedition aatinft the French of Canada in die Year Sixteen hundred and ninety, and infollDifcnaige of their Account, amounting to Fifty five Pounds^ aftd Sixteeh Shiftings* .

To

25 6

Anno Regni Quarto Georgii Regis.

To Thomas Palmiter, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Seventy five

Ounces of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of an Account of Seventy six Pounds; and Sixteen Shillings, for sundry Services done for this Colony during the Administration of the Lord Bellomont.

To Captain Lancaster Syms, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty

four Ounces Twelve Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of a Warrant drawn by the Lord , dated the First Seven-

teen hundred and eight, payable to himself for Salary, and assigned to the aforesaid Syms.

To Justice Bofcb, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty Ounces Seventeen Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of a Claim of Twenty four Pounds, and Fifteen Shillings, for the Hire of his Sloop, which assisted the Unloading of Captain Jones's Ship, which was taken in the Colony’s Service in the Year Seventeen hundred and five, in an Expedition against some French Privateers then Infefting this Coast.

To John Theobalds, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fourteen Ounces

Twelve Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of a Warrant drawn by the Lord Cornbury, dated the Eighth Day of May, Seventeen hundred and four, for Seven Pounds, Nine Shillings, payable to Elizabeth Stokes for Nursing Sick Soldiers.

To Mihiel and Belite Larmier, their, or either of their Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty one Ounces Twelve Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid* in full Discharge of an Account of Nine Pounds, and Eighteen Shillings, due to their Father Christian Uswrier deceas’d, for the Passage of several Officers and Soldiers to Albany.

To Johannes Bleeker, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Eighteen

Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of a Claim of Fifteen Pounds, for his Service as Interpreter to the Commissioners of the Indian Affairs at Albany.

To Francis Wesfells,his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Seventy five Ounces of Plate aforesaid, for sundry Services done for this Colony.

To Colonel Thomas Willet,his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Three hundred ninety one Ounces Two and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for sundry Goods and Provisions for the Use of the Soldiers under the Command of Jacob LeiJJer Esq;

To Richard Chapman,his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fourteen Ounces Seventeen Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of an Account of Six Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Three Pence, for Carpenter’s Work done in His Majesty's Fort at

To Nanning Harmenfe, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirteen Ounces Two Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of a Warrant drawn by the Lord Cornbury, dated the Twenty seventh of February, in the Year Seventeen hundred and seven, payable to the said Harmenfe, for making Conveniencies for the Governor in nis Sloop for his Voyage to Albany in the Year Seventeen hundred and four.

Tb Robert U’Vingfton Esq; his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Three thousand seven hundred and ten Ounces of Plate aforesaid, for the full Discharge of Sixteen hundred and ninety six Pounds, claimed for Arrearages of Victualling the Forces in Colonel Dongans Expedition to Albany in the Year Sixteen hundred eighty seven and eight, and other Incidentals advanced by him, and for his Voyage to Onnondage by Order of the late Lord Bellomont, Governor of this Colony, in the Year Seventeen hundred.

To Robert Crannel, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Seventy five Ounces of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge for Executing the Office of Serjeant at Arms to the General Assembly of the Colony of

To

257

Atmo Regrii Quarto Georgii Regis.

To Jonathan Whitehead, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twelve Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Victualling the Soldiers) thae marched from the East-end of LongAJland to go to Albany in Colonel Dongans

Expedition to Albany in the Year Sixteen hundred eighty eight.

To Colonel Richard Ingoldesby9his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Seven

hundred and fifty Ounces of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of his Service as Lieutenant Governor of this Colony. r

To Anna D'Peyjier, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty Ounces Seventeen Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge; <?f a Warrant drawn.by the Lord Gornbttry,dated the Twenty ninth ofjun? Seven-1

teen hundred and two, .payable to John D'PeyJier for a Quarter’s Salary as Surveyor of the Customs,!and in full Discharge of all other Warrants. , t To Colonel James Weemes, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty seven.Ounces and Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for; Gmdies delivered for the Garrisonat Albany \o the Year Seventeen hundred and nine.

- To Gennit Merrit, her Executory Or Assigns, the Quantity of Twoihundred seventy nine Ounces Two Peny Weight and a. half of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge oH an Account dSbr Services done by her deceas’d Father Georg*. Lockhart in an Expedition to Albanyt\and also for the Pay of Two Men allowed him, the whole amounting to Two hundred thirteen Pounds, Four Shillings, and Two Pencfe.' '

To Wybrugh Van Borfum and Anna Phe, their, or either of their Execu-

tors or Alfigqs, the Quantity of Sixteen Ounces Seventeen Peny Weight, qnd a half of Plate aforesaidi for Service, performed: by Van Borjum and

Jacob PheniXy their ,detjeas*d Husbands, who > Were Partners in a Sloop, and carried up Soldiers to Albany. ,• «*.•/. . < i; ’ -

To Johannes Janfe Esqj Isaac D'Riemer, and Viele^ their, or either

of their Executors, of Assigns, the ,.Quantity of Eighty, two Ounces Ten £eny~ Weight of Plate aforeftit^ for bribing-Two thousand eight -hundred Pountf of-Powder from Philadelphia to His Majesty's Fort of New-Xork in the time of the

late happy Resolution^ j;s : ;......

To Elizabeth Jordairiy) her Executors or Assigns, for the Use of the Heir, of-Thomas Penniston deceas’d, the Quantity of Fifty Ounces of Plate aforesaid, for Sloop-Hire' and Service done by Captain Pehmjtoh in an Expedition against fame French Privateers by Order of {his. Government. . ?; . j.

To Abraham Wendall, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty] one Ounces Five Peny Weight of Place aforesaidj in full Discharge of a drawn by Captain Nanfan, dated: the Twenty fixch Day of January Seventeen hundred {ind one, payable to John Schuyler, for fundiyNeCelTaries prpyided by him for the Messengers sent to the Onnondage Indians by Order of the Lord Bellomnt: ' .V;. t . i •.

To Cornelis Vander Uoeveh, His Executors or Assigns, the Quantity offfwepty two Ounces Two Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of a Claim of Eighty tour Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, and Six Pence,; for Ma-. terials taken from his Father.for thfe Use of this Colony j and also in full,Discharge of a Warrant drawn by the Lord Cornbury^ payable to Colonel Schuy)er>t and by him indorsed to the said Vdtider Hoensen*

To David Provost Esq; his Executors or Assigns, for his Service as Commis- . fioner appointed by the General Assembly to receive the Claims of the Cpyqrn-ment, the Quantity of One hundred eighty seven.Ounces Ten Peny Weight, of Plate aforesaid. *. ’. c '. •. ... . j

To Jacob Kip Esq; his Executors or Assigns* for his Service axCommflhone^ appointed by the General Assembly to receive the Claims of the Government,1 the Quantity of One hundred eighty seven Ounces Ten Peny Weight-of Plate aforesaid.

T t t To

15$ Anno Regrit Quarto Georgii Regit.

To May Bickley, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of One hundred sixty five Ounces of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of his Claim for his' Serviced in Prosecuting Twenty two Negroes Convictea of Murder.

To William Sharpafs, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Sixty Ounces Two Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of a Claim of Twenty seven* Pounds, and Ten Shillings, for his Service and Trouble in the Tryal of several Negro Slaves in April One thousand seven hundred and twelve. '

To Johannes pfoknfe Esq; his Executors or Assigns, die Quantity of Elevert Ounces and Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, lor his Expences in Proclaims ing Kirtg William and Queen Mary, of Blessed Memory.

To Samuel Proved his Executors or Assigns,-i for the Account of Captain

lPartrldge> the Quantity of Thirty two Ounces Twelve Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaidj in full Discharge for His Majesty King Georges Picture.

To Lucretia liegeman, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Sixty two

Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid,: for Services performed by her deceas’d Husband Denis Hegemony for this Colony. -1.

To Henry Wileman, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty two Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for his Services as Coroner of the City and bounty of /^ew-York in the Year Seventeen hundred and twelve, in taking Nine Inquisitions on several Persons that were murdered by the Negroes: in the time Of their Conspiracy in New-Xbrk.

To his Excellency Robert Hunter Esq; Governor of this/ Colony, his Execu-tors or Assigns, the Quantity of Two thousand five hundred twenty five Ounces Seven Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, for Incidents and sundry cat-, traordinary Disbursments for the Publick Service of this Colony, for which no Provision has been made. > Ij . '.! -Tfo Martha MompeffoTt, hen Executors or Assigns^ the Quantity cf Three hundred and fevetoty five Ounces of Plate aforesaid, for die Services performed by her deceas’d Husband for this Government. 1 To the Gentlemen of His Majesty's Council for their extraordinary Services^ Expefices and Trouble in the Publick Affairs of this Colony, the Quantity of Plate following, •viz* ' ‘ v j

- To Colonel Peter Schuyler Esq; his Executors or A/signs, the Quantity of Two hundred and fifty Ounces of Plate aforesaid, in full Discharge of alt Claims, and Demands whatsoever.

To Colonel' Abraham D'Peyfter Esq; his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Two hundred and fifW Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

Tp'Captain Robert Wmer E% his Executors or Assignsjdie Quantity of Two hirt'dted and fifty Cfonces of 'Plate aforefekh c:

To Qolonel Gerrardus Beekman Esq; his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Two hundred atod fifty Ounces of Hate aforesaid. '

To Rip Van Dam Esq; his Executors os Assigns, the Quantity of Two hurn dred and fifty Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

" To yehnBarberie Esq; his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Two hutw.

dred and fifty Ounces of Piafeaforesaid. ’

To Adolph Philipfe Esq; his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Two huiK dred and fifty Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

To 'Thomas Bytrtey Esq; his Esecutors or Assigns, the Quantity of Two hua-.

dred and fifty Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

To George Clarke Esq; his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Two hua^ dred and fmy Ounces ot Plate aforesaid.

• To John JohTtfttm Esq; his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Two hiWK

dred and fifty Ounces* of Plate aforesaid.

Ante Regtu Quarta Georgii kegis. 259

-»-■ r ! ' 1 " mrnrnim L----- — ——*■ — '

/ To Gabriel Ludlow* his Executors or Assigns, the Quantirydf One' hundred and fifty Rupees, of PU^e aforesaid, for his Services as Clocks tof the General Assembly,- •.• \j"i;i •.w. . »:i To the Executors or Administratdrs of Pofii the Quantity of Owe

hundred and twelve Ou&ced'Ten Peny Weight ofiPlate aforesaid, for Iws ^Services as Door-keeper of the General Assembly, and Fire- Wood and Candles^ '■&$. formfeed for the fame,; . . . . . a / . ' i

•-To JjwhMorrif Eftp- Jbis Executors or AflGgn^.tthe Quantity of Sixty twb Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate’ aforesaid, for Services performed by him for

ithe Pubikfc. 1.»;> 1 ,<•’ •/ . -•... • ' V

To John Thoorn, his Executors or Assigns j the Quantity of fifteen Outteds of Plate aforesaid, for his Services.as a. Trooper in Colonel Thngarit Expedition to Albany in-foe Year Sixteen hundred eighty eight.

, To Matbyr Nnch^ his fosecurors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirteen Ounces •Two Peny Weight and ashalf of Phte aforesaid, in foil Discharge of a Claim of fifteen Pounds, for his Service in an Expedition voOtmondage with Major pink Jffeffellsand Bdsert Sanders), : : ' •/

! To Chrmlut Gilbert,.Widow of John Gilbert deceas’d, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of .Thirty Seven Quotes Ten Peny W-eight -of Plate aford--said, in foil Discharge of an Account of Fifty two Pounds, Eleven Shillingf,land Eight Pence, for Bread delivered to his MaJeffry's Soldiers it Albany in the Year Sixteen hundred and eighty two.

c nTo Mary Tador, Widow-of Captain John , her Executors or Aligns* the Quantity of Thirty seven Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in foil Discharge of an Account of Three hundred seventy one Pounds, Four Ehil-lings, attdTvvio Pence farthing. i

ji 'j .To the Mayor and Capmonalty. of the City of New-York, theQ^ftty-df Five hundred Ounces of Plate aforesaid, for the Repair of the Cityfiallof doe foid.Cfty^i' > '. 'ii.'.i •'• •■ V. ' oT

To the Executors of Cornells Willet* or their AfHgns, the Calamity of Twenty

five Ounces bf Pfate af^efiid, forihis Service in the Expedition against Canada. in the Year Seventeen hundred and nine. 1 i:

T^ Wi&iam VaM Ale, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Six Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for the Passage of Two Commissioowils,

Two Interpreters, and 'Sut Sachims, from Alban to

To Bernardus Freemkn^ his Executors or Aligns, the Quantity of Twenty five Oundds of Plate, aforesaid, ip foil Discharge of an Account of Twenty Pounds, for Service done'by LitoimiVan for che Use of this Colony,

Ey Order of Governor Donga#. s o';'

To Colonel Peter Schuyler, Colonel Kilian Van and the Widow tif

Major DirkWeJfels deceas'd, their, or either of their Executors or Aligns* i the

•‘Qjiantity of J'iinery nine Ounces Fifteea-Pbny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in ftll Discharge of a Warrant for Five and forty Pounds, Twelve Shillings, granted day the C*»d Gorybury^dated the Third of November, Seventeen hundred] and

four, payable to Peter Schuyler, Kdum Van Ranflaer, Dirk WefJeUs, znd jokatte tterCortlandt, for Shoes Tb Three Companies of Soldiers which were polled at 'Albany. -— v ’* -

To Thomas Dyer, hrs Exeeutors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty fevtn Ounces -Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, in foil Discharge of an Account, amount* ing to Forty six Pounds;' Four Shillings, for Carpenter s Work in His Majesty's Fort at NewTbrk, fromSeventeen hundred and four to Seventeen hundred

•and fix. : > - ,;0

To Lewis Morris, his Executors or Afegns, for his Drawing several BdUs and Acts of the General Assembly of this Colony, the Quantity of One hundred* and twenty five Ounces of Pute aforesaid.

‘To

a6o

Anno Regni Quarto Georgii

To David Provost, Johannes Jansen, and jacobus , Esquires, their, or either of their Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty five Ounces of Plate to each of them, for Services done by them by Order of the General Assembly of this Colony.

To Henry.IVileman, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of One hundred and fifty Ounces of Plate aforesaid. 7

To Robert Livingflon junior, Attorney at Law, for his Services in Transcri-bing and Ingrossing this Act, Seven and forty Ounces and a half of Plate aforesaid. - ’ > J

To John Haskoll, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

And be it Enacted by the Authority, aforesaid, That the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, shall pay, in the Bills of Credit made Current by this Act, unto foe following Persons, their Executors, Administratori, or Assigns, being some of them Officers and Soldiers, now alive. Who served in-His Majesty s Fort at New-To>k under the Command of Captain Jacob in the

Year Sixteen hundred eighty nine and ninety; and some of them the Widowi. Children, or nearest Relations of such Officers or Soldiers-as performed the said Service, and are since departed this Life, the several and respective - Quantities of Plate following, ( that is to say) : . i’

To Juriaen Nagell, liis Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Forty three

Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. < I

/ 'To Albertie Soety Widowof Johannes Soet, her. Executors of Assigns, the ^Quantity of Forty one Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. r:.

To. Johannes Burger, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of •One! hundred and fifteen Ounces Seventeen Peny Weight and one ihalf of Plate'aforesaid^ being for the Services performed in Fort and Company aforesaid, by himself :and his Brother Elias Burgerydeceas’d. . . i - T

To Peter Borgaerty his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty fevea 'Ounces Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. 0 !o /

j. To Reymer Reyferick, his Executors or Assigns, the Qjiantity of Forty. Ounces of Plate aforesaid. . ’ i ni

To Philip Trevis, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twelve Ounces

Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Johannes Tibout, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of [Thirty four •Ounces Seven Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid.

To Jacob Kooly his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of iFive Ounces aritf .Seventeen Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid.;

To John Cockeveer,his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty threfe

Ounces and Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Alexander Phenix, his> Executors or Assigns, the Qjiantity of Twenty four Ounces and Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Services performed in Fort and Company aforesaid, by Isaac La

To Rutger Van Hoorn yhis Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Sixty Ounces

and Fifteen Peny Weight of Plat* aforesaid.

To Peter Romen, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty three Ounces and Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Service done in Fort an.4 ^Company aforesaid, by his Brother Jacob Romen deceas’d.

• To Abraham Splinter, his Executors of Assigns, the Quantity of Forty one Ounces Seven Peny Weight and a half of Plate, aforesaid.

To Henry Vander Spiegel, his Executors or Assigns, ithe Qjiantity of Twenty Ounces Seventeen Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, for Service performed in Fort and Company aforesaid,' by his Brother Tobias deceas’d.

To Gatherina Barns, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty seven Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Service done in F$rt and Company aforesaid, by David Tfmnas.

> To

Anna Regni Quarto Georgii Regis.

261

To Frederick Shurmans, his Executors or Alligns, the Quantity of Fourteen Ounces Seventeen Pehy Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid.

To Sarah Van Arnhem,her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty three Ounces Seventeen Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, for Service performed in Fort and Company aforesaid, by her deceas’d Husband.

To Suftanna Wood, and her Sifter Anna Co-heirs of their Father

William Churchill deceas'd, their, pr either of their Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of One hundred and thirty four Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, to be equally divided between them* for Service performed by their laid Father in Fort and .Company as a Lieutenant.

To Sarah and Jarineke Peerce, their, or either of their Executors, the Quantity of Thirty one Ounces of Plate aforesaid, to be equally divided amongst them, and the rest of the Children-of deceas’d, for

Service performed by the said Peerce in Fort and Company aforesaid.

To Simon Breftede his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Nineteen Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Service performed in Fort and Company aforesaid, by his Brother Wbnter Breftede deceas’d.

To Mary Burger, her Executors or Alligns, the Quantity of Twenty nine Ounces Seven Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, for Service performed by her Husband Peter Simham deceas’d.

To Daniel de Voor, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty five Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. v

To Abraham Metfelaer, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty eight Ounces of Pkte'aforesaid;

; Tp John Painter, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty nine Ounces of Plate aforesaid. . r .;

: To Maihe Vander Werf, herExecutors or ACfigns, the, Quantity of Seventeen Ounces Twelve. Peny Weight, and a rhalf of Plate aforesaid, for Service performed in Fort and Company aforesaid, by her Husband Cornells Vander Werf deceas’d,. . . ft-.

To Engeltie Genitfe, her Executors or Assigns, she Quantity of Sixteen Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Service performed in Fort and Company aforesaid, by. her deceas’d; Husband Otto Getritfe.

"tojohannes Cock,7 and David. Cock, their, or either of their Executors or Assigns, the Quantity, of Forty three. Ounces Five Peny Weight of Plate Sfore-iaid, for Service done in Fort and Company by their Father Jacobus Gcjb deceas’d. >v j.

To' Iba Van Shyven% her Executors :or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty twd Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Service performedby her deceas’d Husband in the Company,aforesaid*; :

j TPC Widiftmde, Gram, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of ’Thirteen

Ounces Twelve Pehy Weight, and a half of Plate aforesaid, for Service performed in Foft and Company by his deceas’d Father.

l' To4 Jfjhn Henry ± his Executors or; Assigns,- the Quantity of Eifty five Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

(. To Ah^a Jackfofti, daughter $ Hartman fVeJfells, her Executors- or Assigns, the (Quantity of Fifty Ounces of Pkte aforesaid, for Service done by her de-» ceas’d-Father as Surgeon.’of the said Fort and Company,

It is aifoEnadedi.by the Authority aforesaid,. That the Treasurer do pay, in Bills of Credit afott4fo> unto the following, Persons, their Executors, Administrators, or Alligns* being some.of thenv Officers and Soldiers, ncvV alive, who served in His Majesty s Fort at Alb, under the Command of Captain Jochim Staats in the Years Sixteen hundred eighty nine and ninety j and tome of them the Widows and Children,■; or neafeft Relation of such Officers or Soldiers as performed the said Service, and are fin.ee departed; this Life, the foveral and respective Quantities of Plate following', ( that is to say )

U u u

To

z6z

Anno Regnt Quarto Georgii Regis.

Tq Hendrick Ate, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty nine Ounces Seven Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid.

To Noah Barton, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty three Ounces Seven Pcny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, to be equally divided among the Brethren of Elifa Barton,- who performed the Service in the Fort and

Company aforesaid.

T9 Edward Handock, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty seven Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Johannes Sytnonfe,his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Eighteen Ounces Twelve Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid*

To Francis Neely his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty seven Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

To Jacob Lawrence, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty Ounces Twelve and a half Pcny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Abraham Lawrence, his Execurors or Assigns, the Quantity of Nine Ounces Seven Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid.

To John Lawrence,his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty five Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

To Joseph Robinson, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fourteen Ounces Twelve Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, for Service performed in Fort and Company aforesaid by his Father Thomas Robinson deceas’d, to be equally divided among the Children of the said Thmas Robinson deceas’d.

To Sarah Wright, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Sixty two Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, fop Service done by her Husband Lieutenant Jonathan Wright deceas’d, as Lieutenant of the said Company. '

To Thomas Bijhof, his Executors or Assigns,the Quantity of Seventeen Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Service done in Fort and -Company aforesaid, by his deceas’d Father. - v.

To Thomas Williams, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty seven Ounces Two Peny Weight 3nd ai half of Plate aforesaid.

To William Hogan^ his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty nine Ounces Seventeen Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid.

- To Jacob Stoats, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity c©f Fifty two Ounces

Ten Peny Weight of Plate, aforesaid, for his Service as Surgeon to the said

To Thomas Noxon, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty one Ounces Twelve Peny Weight and a half of Plato aforesaid'. M.

: Ta David Lewis, hk. Executors or Assigns, the Quanthy Of Forty; Ounces Seventeen Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid. 1;

1 .To Solomon Boogb, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Seven Ounces Twelve Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid. T •'■"’i

To Jacob Realomont, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty Ounces of Plate aforesaid, for Service done in the Fort and Company by his Brother Hendrick Realomont deceas’d.

v To Joshua Anderson, his Executors or Aflfigns, the Quantity of Thirty two Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.’;

To Nathaniel Bayly, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty four Ounees) Seven Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid, being for Service done in Fort and Company aforesaid, by his Brother Nathan Bwly deceas’d.-. To Geertie Ten ,Eyck,Widow of Jacob Tin Eyck, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty three Ounces Five Petty Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Shoes delivered to the said Company.

To the Executors of Alexander Keny, the Quantity of Twelve Ounces and Tea Peny Weight of Plate aferefoid, for Services done by the said Keny* -

Anno Regni Quarto Georgii Regis, 263

To the British Officers following, which tarried here at the Request of this -Colony, the Quantity of Six hundred Ounces of Plate aforesaid, in full Disc charge of all their Claims upon this Colony, the respective following Quantities of Plate, viz.

To William Hellin, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

To Abraham j tea,his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty Ounces df Plate aforesaid.

To Walter Harris, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty Ounces df Plate aforesaid.

To Timothy^ Bayly, his Executors or Assigns, the.Quantity of Fifty Ounces df

Plate aforesaid.

To John Be met,his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity df Fifty Ounces df Plate aforesaid.

To Andrew Niccols, his Executors or Afligris, the Quantity of Fifty Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

To Edward Blood, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty Ounoes of Plate aforesaid.

To Samuel Babington, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

To Richard Kitchiner, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

To Mathew Loo, his Executors or Assigns, the Qpantity of Fifty Ounces of Plate aforesaid. :

To the Executors or Administrators of William WHhinJon, the Quantity of Fifty Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

To Thomas Shelok, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty Ounces df Plate aforesaid, for Provisions and other Necessaries furnished , lone

of the British Officers deceas’d.

: To the following Persons, their Executors or Assigns, the respe&ivfe Sums annexed to each of their Names, for the Loss of their Shares in the Hoo Frigate, which was taken from them by Governor - for the Use of the

Government, viz, , . ’

To Barent and Johannes Hebon,their, or eitherbftheif Executors or AlSgns,

the Quantity of Twelve Ounces and a half of Plate aforesaid.

' To Gertit Viele, his Executors oc Assigns, the Calamity of Eighteen Outices Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

- To Thomas Evans,his Executors<or Assigns, the Calamity of Twelve Ounces

and a half of Plate aforesaid.;

To Gerrit D'Boogby his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twelve Outices and a half of Plate aforesaid. i.

> To Samuel Waldron,his Executorsor Assigns, the Quantity of Twelve Ounces and a half of Plate aforesaid. . v,

To Elizabeth Burger Wtdoiv, her Executors or Assigns, the Qpantityr of Twelve Ounces and a half of Place aforesaid.; .i , / '

To Rebecca Goedem,her Executors- or Affigfis, the Quantity of Twenty

Eve Ounces of Plate aforesaid.; .7; ,T

" To Ldmmart SiekelU, : his Executots or Assigns^ the Quantity of Twelve Ounces and a half of Plate aforesaid. . , i j

- To Eatkerrna Vide Wkkrvv, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Eighteen Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight Of Plate afordfetfiLj . " i

1 To Johannes Haretenbrock, his Executors or AlBgas* foe QjWfltky of Twelve

Ounces and a half of Plate aforesaid. . . i :; I r ;0

To Stifarma Van Ttenhoeven, her Executors or Assigns the Quantity of Twelve Ounces and a half of Plate aforesaid.: . V-v y I

.: To

264 Anno Regni Quarto Georgii Regis.

To the Children of Aert Elbertfedeceas’d, their, or either of their Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twelve Ounces and a half of Plate aforesaid.

To the following Carmen, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the respective Quantities of Plate affixed to their Names, for carrying Stockadoes ana Sods, (Jc. for His Majesty's Fort at New-York, in the Year Seventeen hundred and two, and Seventeen hundred and three, viz.

To Thomas Allison, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty three Ounces and Three Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Hubert Vanden Bergh, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifteen

Ounces Four and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To John Lukas, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty wo Ounces Seven and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.'

To Edward Merrit, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty two Ounces Seven and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. '

To William Stoaks, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty two Ounces Seven and a half Peny Weight of Plate, as aforesaid.

To John Dyer, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Seven Ounces Seven* teen and a half Peny Weight of Plate, as aforesaid,

To George Williams, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty two Ounces Seven and a half Peny Weight of Plate, as aforesaid.

To Benjamin Hemfield, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fourteen Ounces Ten Peny. Weight of Plate aforesaid. -

To Edward Davis, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity' bf Fourteen •Ounces and Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. -

To Daniel Jones, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirteen Ounces Seventeen Petiyi Weight and d half of Plate aforesaid.,

Td Robert Bujfey, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of;Nine Ounce* Seven and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. > v

Tb John Cure,his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Four Ounces Seven and a half Peny ;Weight of Plate aforesaid.

v ’It:is also Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer do pay, in Bills of Credit aforesaid, unto the following Persons, their Executors, Admini-/irators, or Assigns, being some of them Officers and Soldiers now alive, who served on the Frontiers at Albany under the Command'of Captain io thejYears Sixteen hundred eighty nine and ninety ,’ and some of them the Widows, Children, or nearest Relations of such Officers or Soldiers as performed the fai<t Service, and nfe lince departed this Life, the several and reijpe-tfive Quantities of Plate following, (that is to say )

-• •To Gerrit Wottterfe, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Forty three Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. . b:; m

<~T&L)dvid Goefaen, his Executors or' Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty Ounces Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

so T6 Gerrit Burger, his Executors or Assigns,<the Quantity of Eighteen Ounces

Seven Peny Weight and a half of Plate iaforesaid. '

X-TO ThomctsP'aH Boskerk* his Executors or Assigns, thb Quantity of Thirty seven Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. . v> . •. l

y To Johannes Nys, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty Ounces of Plate aforesaid. . i'; t

‘"LTo Peter Luyktiffe^his Executors or assigns, the Quantity of Nineteen Ounces Two and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

~;T0 Thomas Shiftman, his Executors or - Assigns, the Quantity of Fourteen Ounces Seventeen and a half Peny Weight, of Plate aforesaid.

; To William Type, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Nineteen Ounces Twelve and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To

26$

To 1 Femmetie Andriefe, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Nine

Ounces Seven and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Service performed by her deceas’d Husband Dirk Andriefe in the Frontiers at Albany in the said

Company.

To Hejiber Franfe Van Dyck, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty two Ounces* and Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Service performed by her deceas’d Husband 1yme Franfin the Frontiers at Albany in the said Company. '

To Tennis Woertman, his Executors or Assigns* the Quantity of Twenty Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. '

To Peter Loyfen, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty Ounces •Two Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid.

To Jacob Caffow,his Executors< or Assigns, the Quantity of Seventeen Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

To Johannes Langejlrandt, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Eighteen Ounces and Seventeen Peny Weight and a half of Plate, as aforesaid.

To Benjamin Van-de Water, nis Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Eighteen Ounces Fifteen Peny- height of Plate aforesaid. :

To Aaron Van NoortJlrandt} his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty

-five Ounces of PUtb aforesaid. . ' *> : V

To ithd Children of John S&afe deceas’d,/their, or eirfier of their Executors, the Quantity of Thirty Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

To John causell, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity, of Sevbn Ounces Two

•and a fiiilf Peny Weight of PktC i^orelaid. :.; > i v ‘ .

To Hendricus Beekman, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Four and forty Ounces Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. ' . , 1

- To Tennis Titus, - his Executors Or Assigns^ the Quantity of Twenty one

Ounces Two and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

" To Henry Meyer.Molatto, his - Executors or Assigns,1 the Quantity bf Seven-teen Ouiubs Fifteen Peny. We^ht.of Plate aforesaid.', r

To Isaac Denham, his Executors .on Aflfigns,uthe Quantity of Forty Ounces Of ’Plate aforesaid; •./'/ . a- i o-i .• \

To Susannah Van Boufmell, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty three Otmces TenPeny: Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Service .performed an'the Company aforesaid* by /her Husband Jeremiah Van Boufmell deceas’d.

To DavidDanklfey his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifteen Ounces

•Seven'and :a» half Pbny-Weight of Plate aforesaid.

/. '^T6: JolmrLoatSj ihis Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Nineteen'Ounces TenPenyWeight of Plate aforesaid.

- To Peter Francifvo* his Executors or Assigns* the Quantity of Twelve and a

halfPftny Weight of Plate aforesaidi , ;: j

Tb Johannes ThdmaJJi^ his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity t of Four Ounces •Two and ;a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. h-:) • ^"5

To Johannes Reese, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fourteen Ounces Seventeen and.a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. -1 ,

‘ To Mary and Elizabeth D'Warham, the Co-heirs of JacobdsD'Whrbam de-

ceas’d, their, or either: of their Executors: or Assigns, the Quantity of Eighty •three-Otxnces Seventeea and a half Peny Weight Of Plate aforesaid, for ^Service performed in the said Company by their said 'Father D'Warham ’deceas’d. . v-.l; ... .* •, C,

To Anna Vander Spiegel Widow, her Executors or Aifigris*'the Quantity of Tighty four Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Service performed by her Husband Jacobus Vander Spiegel deceas’d, as lieutenant of the said Compaiw. ' v-'j. ...... - 'i, •■• •

- To -Thomas Humphreys,his Executor? or Assigns, thel.Quaatity, of Twelve

Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

• X x x To

2 66

Anno Regni Quarto. Georgi i Regis.

To Elizabeth Disborough, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twelve

Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Service performed in the said Company by herdeceas’dHusband’s Fatherjfo/w Baffett.

To John Anmot, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twelve Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. . v<.

To Abraham and Gerrit Kettietas, and their Sifters Child,- to be.equally divided among.them, or their Executors, or Assigns,; the Quantity of Thirty Ounces of Plate aforesaid, for Service performed in the said Company by their Brother John Kettietasdeceas’d; ’ •>.:>.

To Jacob Salomons'sFree Negro, his Executors or Assigns, the Qtiantity of

Thirty seven Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To John Bakery his Executors1 dr Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty five Ounces Twelve and a half Peny Weight: of Plate aforesaid.

To Enoch Andriefe, nis Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty seven Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To William Atkins, his Executors or Alfigtis, the Qjuntity of Twelve Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Mannel Gantalis Duck, .his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty Ounces of Plate aforesaid. .;•■ , i a

To Antie SluyckWidow and Relict of Johannes Ellsworth, her Executors or

Assigns, the Quantity of Twerity one Ounces Seventeen, and half--Deny Weight of Plate aforesaid, forService performed in the said Company say her said deceas’d Husband. . .V \ , i

To Tterk Van Dyck, his Executors or ’ Assigns, the' Quantity, bfThirteen Ounces .Ten P'aay.rWeight ofrHite aforesaid. . f '

To Jacob Van Doom and Jacob Laning,\dtticy or eitfier/df their Exectkors or Assigns, the Quantity of Tmity Ounces. Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. ,; j {! ■•.(*,*! i )

To MaryVanDyck Widow,' her Executors or Assigns, ithe Quantity of Thirty Ounces of Plate aforesaid, for Setvice performed by her dOCeas’d HusbamL.Hrwry Van Dyck, as Surgeon to the said Company.ti^id <v... ' 't\"T

To Johannes Van Blackum, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty five Ounces of Plate aforesaid. -3 •>. : . v.;?. oY

To Mary Brier,her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty ntnecOuacte

Seven and a half -Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Shoes,- &c. »: vr.tf;.

It is also Enacted by the Authority aforesaid^ That the Treaftu'fer jof ihis Colony for the time being, do pay,: in Bills*of Credit aforesaid',! unco. the fblloWr ing Persons, their Erocutot^j Administrators, lor .Assigns^: being them

Officers and Soldiers, new alive, who fervfad on the Frontiers at Albany, inode* ithe-Command of Captain Gabriel Jhbsntfon in die Year Qrie thousand hx hundred and eighty nine, and One thousand six hundred and ninety ;. rindtfcftneeif them the Widows, Children, or nearest Relations of such Officers arid Soldiers as performed the said Service, and are finee deceas’d, the several rind noipcCtiyfe Qjiandtles of Plate followings (viz*) 1 v/.-j.o ’ '

To the Executors or Administrators of the said Gabriel Thompfen^ the Sum of Two hundred and' fifty Ounces-of. Plate1 aforesaid, for Services performed by hifntasCapcairi -of the said Company on the Frontaersafld/A^.- ;1' .!'

Tq^BenjaminHanifon, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Seyen Ounces

arid TAt Peny Weight.of Plate aforesaid. \-i r/j

To AbelRiddenhaes, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Forty Ounces

Seven and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. ' ' 7

1© Roger Ration,; his Executors or Assigns, for himself and the jefl: of the

(Children of Roger-Barton deceas’d^ their Executors or Affigris, the Qjjtntity of Eighty seven Ounces Seven and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, being for Service performed by their deceas’d Father,! asLieutehinr of the said Company. •; Y w,

. x x .v " To

Anm Regrit Quarto {jeorgii Regis.

1 To Sufamtah Ogden, ;her Executors, or Assigns, the Quantity of Eighteen

Ounces Twelve and a half Peny Weight of Plate afore laid, for Service performed by her deceas’d Husband in the said Company.

To Anna Fyn,her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty Quncea

Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Service performed in the said Company by her deceas’d Husband Johannes Fyn, '

v To Hans Pier, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Ten OuntesTen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Service perforated .ceas d in the said Company. v .:

To Zachariah Sickells, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Three Ounce*

Seventeen Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid.

To John Mack Donnel, alias Highlander, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of.'Thirty Ounces and Ten Peny Weight of Platq aforesaid*' '

To William Hopkins, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirteen Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

It is also Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer do pay, in Bills of Ctedit aforesaid, unto the following Persons, their .Executors, Adnjinl-strators, or Assigns, being some of them Officers and Soldiers, ^owfotve, whp served on the Frontiers at Albany under the Command of Captai Thomas, in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty nine, ana On.e .thousand foe hundred and ninety, and some of them the Widows, Children, or nearest Relations of such Officers or Soldiears as performed the said Service, aflcfare lince departed^ this life, the several and respe&iye Quantities <of plate foUqlWirig,

(that is to say) ~ " .

> - To Sophia Thomas, her .Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of pne hundred and twenty five Ounces of Plate aforesaid, for Service performed by her de*

Ceas’d Husbandjfoh# Thomas, as Captain of the said Company.

To Isaiah Bartlet, his Executors, or'Assigns, the Quantity of f ourteen Ouftcej?

Seven and a half Peny Weight of Plat;e aforeflucu ' V ... V.

To Thomas Chambers, his Executors, or .Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty tw<j> Ounces and Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To John Embril, ms Executors of Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty Ounce! of Plate aforesaid. ,L

To Albertus Holjl, his Executors or Assigns, for himself, and for the Ofo of ftR the Children of his Father Lawrence fioljldeceas'd, to be equally divided

amongst them, their Executors or Assigns, foe Quantity of Eighteen Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of.Plate aforesaid.

•b To Situod Westphaelii his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Seven Ounces

Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. f

*To the Children of: AnthonySvpartwput deceas’d, their, or either of their1 Executors or Assigns, to be equally divided amongst them, the Quantity of Seven Ounces Ten'Peny Weightof Pkte'aforesaid.

To Cornelis Dueyfter, his Executors or Assigns, foe Quantity of Seven Ounces Ten PenylWeight of Plate aforesaid,

To Eva Decker, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Eighteen Ounces Five Peny Weight' of Plate aforesaid,'. for Service performed ki the said Coiupa- ny by her deceas’d Husband Matthys Decker.

-5' To Jacob Hicksy Jtihanpet Fanzsficky.jsid Joseph Buddy their, or either, of their Executors or Assigns, each of them, the Quantity of Seventeen Ounces Tra ?%iy Weighfof plate aforesaid. ;v. - y, . . V To John Qute, his Executors on Aligns, the Quantity, of fifty one Ounces Seven and ! half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.., ' -

It is also Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That,foe. Treasurer: of this Co* tony for the time befog, shall pay, in Bills of Credit made Current by this unto the following Persons, their Executors, Admimft^Qrai pr Af&ris, foe' l^y^ ral and respective Quantities of Plate following, it being for sundry Arms left

la

268 Anno Regni Qua orgii Regis.

in His Majesty's Fort at New-York, and taken from some of the Inhabitants of this City, and carried to the said Fort in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety one, for the Service of their Majesties King and Queen Mary, of

Glorious Meirtofy, to wit,

• To Francis More,his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twelve Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

‘ To Johannes Laqueer, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty Eve Ounces Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Engelbert Lott, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twelve Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. ’

To Cafparis Mebie, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Seventeen

Ounces Two and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

- To Orfeltie Van Dyck, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Ten Ounces Of Plate aforesaid.

, To Elizabeth Floreeft, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Ninety Ounces of Plate aforesaid, for Locks of Guns, -&c.

TO' Charles 4Morgan, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Six Ounces Sind Five Peny Weight of Plate, aforesaid.

To Eeger Gerritfe, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twelve Ounces

Of Plate, aforesaid. ' 1

7' To LambertJanfe, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Three Ounces

and Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

c To Hendricus Kip, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Eleven Ounces

Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. f

'7 To Isaac Seauker, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Three Ounces and Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

.. To Cornelius Kuyper Efo; his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Ten Ounces‘Seventeen and a half Peny Weight of Plate afpreisaid.

To Elizabeth Salm, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Three Ounces and Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.'

To Veter Cornell, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twelve Ounce* Tert Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.; ' '

.. To Barent Sweam, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Three Ounces and Fifteen Perty Weight of Plate aforesaid.; ‘

Tt> Jacob Hendricks, his Executors or Assigns, thP Quantity of Eleven Ounce* Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. • ’ 1

To John D'Pew and Susannah Par miter, their, or either of their Executor? or Assigns, the Quantity of Five Ounces and Twelve1 Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid. •t[- ' 1 -7

To Tennis Titus, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Ten Ounces of Plate aforesaid. ’ A •<.

.., To Hendrick Jan fen, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Eleven Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. '

, To William Post,his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twelve Ounces o^Plate aforesaid.

to Mary Matcher aft, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Eight Ounces Two and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid To Frederick Symenfe, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twelve bunces of Plate aforesaid.’ 7 4 / !-

- To Gabriel Sprong,his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Four Ounces

Two and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

r, To Jooft Dury his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of ‘Five Ounces Two and a naif Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. '

;Ta Peter Bogaert,his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Three Ounces

E|jeen Peny Weight of Platte aforesaid.

r- ’ ‘ '" r; to

ooooie

Anna. Regni Quarto Georgia Regis.

*2.69

To Heymer JCeyterick, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twelve Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. :w i rnT

/.To NicfatdsBogaert, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Three Ohftces Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, v . '■ so / { iv.vT

To Cornelius Catty hifc Executors or Assigns, thet Quantity of Tlirfce OuAces fifteen Petty Weight of Plate aforesaid. , t. *. •; i *:ol

...7T0 Elizabeth bt/her, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Ei^seest Ounces Tw.elye and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. '1

•-.To DirkVclkertfe, his Executors or Assigns* the Quantity of Nine Outlet

Fifteen Periy Weight of Plate aforesaid.

- To Johannes Cuyler Esqt his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Ten Ounces

of Plate aforesaid. •;/ >.. :; re*:’)

To Leonard Lewis Efcjj his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty Ounces of Plate aforesaid. . i : v

t - To Jeronimus Duckhatrt, Joseph Bajiide, and , their] or either of their Executors ,0rAffigns, the Quantity of Twenty five Ounces TWd lad a half Peny Weight; of Plate aforesaid, to be* equally divided amongst them. ’ '; I

c sJto Cornelius Van Brunt, Ms Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Ten Ounces Seventeen and a half Peny Weight of Plate afore&icL i : i 0 I

n To HemxSuydman, His Executors or Assigns, the Quantity bfSii OuncesTen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. .; i , '

li - To William: Titworft, his Executors or Assigns,' the Quantity of Forty Ounces of Plate aforesaid. r. / .v-t;* )

- To JooftVan Brunt, his Executors or Assigns, the Qtiantityvt)f Four Ounces

Seven and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

• To Jacofr Fortune,- his. Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fourteen

Ounces Two and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. . .-it - ' :

To DanidHendrickfe Bront, his Executors or Assigns, die Quantity of Six Ounces Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. - -.-w. '

To John Gerritfe Van Cowenhb'ven, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Seven Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Jacob Cowenhaven, nis Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Five Ounces Seventeen and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Japie Hardenbergh, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty three Ounces Two and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To LawmenAndries, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Seven

Ounces Twelve and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. ’

To VolkertHermenfe,his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity/ of Eight Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. 1

• To Barent Waldron, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity -of Five Ounces

Seven and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. r

To Isaac D*Lamatre,his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity Of Five Ounces

Seven and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

: To Jacob Verdon, his Executors 01*Assigns, the Quantity of Thirteen Ounces Two and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Susanna Wood, and her Sifter Anna Churchill, Co-heirs of Lieutenant; lVilliam Churchill deceas’d* their, or either of their Executors' or Assigns, tho Quantity of Twelve Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, to be equally divided, as aforesaid. i. v . i

To Barent Hesbon, the Quantity of Six Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. . - .., i. : J

To John Kierson,his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity- of Ten Ounces Seventeen and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Marte Willfi, his Executors or -Assigns, the Quantity of Ten Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. . v.

Y y y To

279 Anno R<%w Quarto <}eo Regis.

m/'T.O i BenjwqinV(md£wat2rx his Executarsxxr Assigns, the Quantity of Six Ounces

Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

■c. 'JTft.QrP&P* tbrnek his Executors or Assigns, the Qjmtity ^f Seven Ounces Twelve Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid. -i- - . -I -•» ;1

c Jfiis fll(b .Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, i That the Trea&ref of this Colony for the time being, shall pay, in Bilk of Credit made Currenthy this Act£ IWO the following Perl'onsj their Executors, Administritore, or Assigns, the ftve-ral and respective Quantities of-Plate following, it being for Goods, Merchant jand Stores cif War taken for the Publick Use and Necefiary Defence. •videlicet,; t

, Henry Qerten, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty four

Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Wheat, (jc.

p T&Oiiyer Boily,his Executors or Assigns,' the Quantity of Forty- seven Ounces

Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Powder, (JC. ' i

:oTn Helena' de Key, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty seven OuniCesTwo.and a.half Peny> Weight of Plate afor-diud. i-... -

: JFq Rachel fJiller, her Executors or Assigns, the Qi*a#tky of Sixty Ounces of

Plate aforesaid. : ■-i

h jT d.ElxM&tr Wllfon,his Executors or Assigns, the-Quantity of Fifteen Ounces

Five Peny Weighr of Plate aforesaid. : ;i >.0

r ^Toe Cearil V&nder Pool, his Executors or Assigns^ <the Quantity of Fifteen Ounces of Plate aforesaid. . : 1 r.: •'

- To Captain TTvazn JifHkt* his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Eleven Ounces Two and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

t To the : Widow;of Abraham Brafier deceas’d, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of One hundred twenty two Ounces of Pl^te aforesaid. -

: .Tot wittiAin T^vuglty) his Executors or Assigns, ’the. Quandt^ of Ninety Ounces of Plate aforesaid

:To. William Lawrence, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity bf Thirty fix Ounces Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. 1

v To Jonathan Whitehead,his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty eight Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. :

ToAltie Fofisr^ her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Forty five Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

v T 0 John Stepbenfon, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twelve Ounces

Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. -

./To Jeans Hanse, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Seven Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

T-a ’EUzabethLawrenci Widow, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifteen Ounces of Plate aforesaid. > 1

c ToJurumHageL, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty five Ounces Seventeen and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

• To Luycat Stephenson, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Five Ounces Five Peny Weigrit of Plate aforesaid.

■ To Peter Jaoobfe, his Executors or Assigns, for himself and for the XJfe of the Children of John Hanse deceas’d, their,- or either of their Executors or Act figftS, the Quantity of Thirty seven Ounces Twelve and-a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, - to be equally divided amongst them.

\ It is also Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, shall pay, in Bills of Credit made Current by this Acty unto the following Persons, their Executors* Administrators, or Assigns, the several and respective Quantities of Plate following, it being for Money ad-, vanned, and sundry Disbursements, Proyition, Ammunition, and Materials, delivered for the Use of His MajestyVfdt* of and Albany in the'

VeflFs Sixteen hundred eighty/nine and ninety, and divers Services performed during the time of the late happy Resolution. -

Anm Regnt Quarto Georgii Regis.

37-i

To John PeterfeRofs, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Five Ounces Seven and a halfPeny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

TorAifartus Ring?? his Executors or Assigns, die Quantity of TwelveOunces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, t

T ttJDtfvMPrrvoft senior, his, Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Eleven

Qunees of Plate aforesaidd.

To Anna Jac^a, Widow of Williatn Jackson deceas’d, her Executors or Affigw} :the Qu4ntityc> of Seventy eight Ounces Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To M&olto AtfArish his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Nineteen QuWesoTwelve and half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Albeitie Lefpimrd, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of .' nine;Ounces Seven and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Anna Telly sometime Widow of Joqft deceas’d, her Executors or «hfe Quantity of/One hundred Ounces of Plate, aforesaid.

: rTq?I?ltilip.IVendeti+ Ms Executors pr Assigns, die Quantity of Thirty Ounces Ten PenyWeight of Hate, aforesaid.

! To; John Enwontfe,! his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Sixteen Ounces Seven and aLhalf.Pppy Weight of Plate aforesaid. -

'■-To the* Widow pfAbraham Brafier deceas’d, her Executors or Assigns, the

Quantity of Eighteen Ounces Seven and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid,

, Torykhie/Moene Widows htr Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Forty nine Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid*

7 T&j&taha?n^n& Johannes Van Denfen, their Executors or Assigns, the Qyan-tity of Thirty two Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid*

:■ ToJAbhiham: ifendetl, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Forty five Ounces .'Seventeen and a halfPeny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

- Tix AndiiesCoemattf, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Six Ounces

Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To AndrJes Meyer%; his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty four Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, .,

ToJZdimrd Blaggfihis Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Two hundred

seventy three Ounces Seven and a halfPeny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

ToTAary Dteyking Widow, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity or Thirty seven Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Samuel Beckman*his Executors or Ai%ns, the Quantity of Four Ounces

Seven and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid,

ToAlbeltie Lefyimrd, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Ten Ounces of Plate aforesaid.; , ‘

- To fi ichirdEdfallyMs Exqcucors pr Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty Ounces

of Plate aforesaid.

To George Elfewcrtbhis Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Forty " Eve

Ounces Seventeen and a halfPeny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To the; Executors of Adtftinistrators of Jan Nock deceas’d, or to their Af signs, the Quantity of Fifty eight Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate Afore- laid.

To JehnRofie*. his Executors or Assigns the Quantity of Twenty fix Ounces

Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Peter Meyer, his Executors.or Assigns, thp Quantity of Six Ounces Seven and a halfPeny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To CtaeiTjiykaJJe, his Executors or Assigns, for himself and for the Use of the Children of Luycas Gerritfe deceas’d, their Executors of Assigns, the Quantity of Forty nine Ounces Two and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, to be equally divided amongst them. ,

To <jilltrt Ryckman, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity ,of Four Ounces Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, \ r

.1 w - .*J*0

2 Anno Regni Quarto Georgii Regis.

fti.i m i» - i . 'hi ' " '" " ",l ~ ' ■*Mimmtm

To John Norman, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Eleven Chinees Seventeen and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Francis Pruyn, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty1 four Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Hendrick Hanse, his Executors or Assigns, forhimself, and for the Use of the rest of the Children of Hanse Hendr deceas’d* their Executors of Af* signs, the Quantity of Seventy three Ounces of Plate aforesaid. r '•‘•K i To Tukel Dirks,his Executors or Assigns^ the Quantity of Thirty eight Ounces

Twelve and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Jan Caff erse Halenbeeck, and Catrin the Widbw of Peter Laffbtgy their,

or either of their Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty Ounces' of Plate aforesaid,’ to be equally divided amongst them.; f!.

To Stephen Bockenfxrve, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity ©F Thirty seven Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. : K. o'-.

To John Fofter, his Executors or Assigns, for himself, and for the I7fe of the Daughters of Jacobus Cornelife deceas’d, their Executors or Afltgiis,: the Quantity of Sixty nine Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. ’.- i 7

To Jacob Mauritfe, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Two Hundred forty five Ounces Twelve and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. ft:.-: r.

To Anna Cross,her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity’ of Fbrt^; three Ounces Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Elias Peltreau, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty -fixOunces Seven and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.' r i

To Nicholas Myngart, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Seven Ounces "Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. /•'-•--G \,i

To Francis Wynne, his Executors or Assigns, for himself, and for'the.Use of the rest of the Children of his Father Peter Wynne deceas'd*- their. Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty nine Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid,

to be equally divided amongst them. >- . 7.

To Johannes Van Ale, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Five Ounces Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.; .-1

To Cornelius Lange'velt, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty eight Ounces Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Daniel Toy, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of three Ounces

Twelve and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, for Sundries, &c.

To Neltie Lydecker,her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Four Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. . i

To Adrian Gerritfe, hrs Executors or Assigns, for the Use of himself, and the rest of the Children of Gerritfe Cornelife deceas’d, their Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty four Ounces and Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Jell is Funda, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Nine Ounces and Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. -

To Sarah Gra'veraet Widow, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity , of Forty seven Ounces Twelve Peny Weight and a half of Plate aforesaid.

To Thomas Swartwont, Bernardus , and Jacob Kip, their, or either of their Executors or Assigns, for themselves, and theieft of the Children of Roeloff Swartwont deceas’d, and their Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Sixty four Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid, to be equally divided amongst them.

To CatherinaVan Rollegwri, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Nine-

teen Ounces and Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. 1 To Belitie Ten Eyck, her Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twenty four Ounces Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Daniel Toy, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Eight Ounces Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To

*75

0mm

dtyfa Regnij Quarto Georgii

; *• To Abratygn Gojqrneur^ hjis Executors or Assigns, ihe Quantity of Eighty one Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight or Plate aforesaj^. in full DiTchiurge, of TwbrAT fiouflts^brought irt bjhhipas thp Ono .amounting.to, One hundred P6ufidoTfor Service done by the said GoverneutfM His Maje^’s.Tortas-Clerk* Anup'fiisfo ' thousand. liK; hujadtedi and eighty nine*/and One th.oufand fix 'hhudred and rmfety, ' in the time of the late happyRevdiutjpn > ;thd OtherAcebUnt! amountia§>fp One hundred, and sixtyt Pounds* aniSi* Shilling?/ for Service dorie by hi*/Fte-decessor Jacob Milbum deceas’d, as .Commiiliooer for the-Expedition- agatntt

■Gmdty Wdjis M ipitfthe Forcps Mta-feid 3f$ai& \Ai *.; oT

To Genii Viele, and the rest of, the Children of>Hcndruk¥dn NeurdottndO ceas'd* their -respectivecE}ce9utors ,pr Aflfign$,eaeb their requal /Proportion, <bling One Third Part of the Quantity of Plate here under expressed, -( that is ttb&yQ Jto GerritVfck One, Th&d Part, tiO Elizabeth: W iddvyi of Doftof

Viele, One‘Third Part,' and to the Children; of jC Jacabfedec&sdi Ob*

Third Part '.of Thre^huaiJred and thirteen QunaeS ’and Five Peny Weight'of , Plate aforesaid.' ! i ';

n o It isalib- Enacted by the Authority aforesaidj.- That the Txfea&rer of this Colony for the time being, shall pay, in Bills of Credit made Chnrent by tfcisAfti amta the following Pferfa^ theif. EifcCutors, rMmimfluatoEs^"; or’ Assigns-/; the several and respective Quantities of EUte following, it being- for the Pay?: of dome Officers;and Soldiers which fetVed and were, eroployedin the Expedition agiainst Gutada in the Yfor, Pue thdufaud/eyenhuudred and one* and for! divep Hottestloft;diShd »WSggQtfs; broke, it*rhe\said Sedition, ij of"

To Johannes Whitbeecks, hi?; Expecttprs or, Assign$,> the Quantity iof Twelve jQonceslTen PgJjr.-.ypeigte c^rPtoaffresaido-.z'd vd , v>? ' 'of

To Mathys Goes, his Executpfs fa -Aligns, i therQuantityiof Twelve Qunecj ffiercPfe!iy\Wfeight*rf yvvud n! -v^r ’O .\ of

To Volkert Whitbeecks, his Executors Qt Affigas* the Quantity of Twelve

Ounces Trn-Peny Wei^t of Platerafoi'esaid*, [ ,y\ , ’.. • rT

To Jacob' Meyer, his Executoi^iOc :Assign$j ithe? Quantity of Eight Ounce? •arid Teri PenyiWeijpH'of: Plate ajforpfa^. .d.vA o

A To Harman. Shuueibaps, his Executory or Assign$,;the Quantity of Thirty Av* Ounces of Plate afor.efeidU!:

D*

ov.\

-i To CaftemVhilip hi? Executors or Affigtis, the Quamity of Four*

-teen Ounces. Twb and>ft:half Per^r v^eightr of Plat«^aforesaidr:' -

To Johannes Willemfe, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Five Quncej 'cpwelveumd dihalf Eang^Wsight of Pbte aforesaid.:; , A (;{

To Peter Willemfe^ hisiExecutofsior Assigns, the Quantity iof $even Quncfi? tTenPemt Wetghr.ofPl8|£ aftyresaidti:’ i v.v.-Vv i ( T

To Mary Bodyn'Widow±. h.er Executors.or Assign^, the Quantity of Seyci)i •Ounces of>P|ateahardjStd*: > ivy. I; . v v.»v • <.T

To Volkert Symonfe, his Executors dr Al%ns». the *QiMinriry: of? Two Ounces iFive:Pefay'Wifeight o£Pfet^aforesaid v:.A v . i :C ) < f

To Andries Nack, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirty one Ounces;TenPiesny Wdghtrpf: Plate;afpifesaid,- /; . , T

To Johannes Mayjon, his Exncutcas oc Assignsj Quamhy of One Ounce arid FivePenyiWeight of Pflate aforesaid. A i insnii :I t' Ir.

ih-To Philip. Schuyler y Sop pfAt eve Schuyler, Lieutenant, the Quantity, of Thirty ieven Ounces:and^a halfpf Plate aforesaid.; \>n,#; r .v, f,.\

m,To David Schuyler Lieutenant, his Executors or Aligns, the,Qjuntity of forty •four Ouricearof Plate afpr^said. . v.b vv’ i si ni:

£• To .Daniel KetelyftLieutenant, his Executory pr Assigns,/the <Quantity:af Forty four Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

i To John Dunbar Lieutenant, his Expcutors: Assigns, the Quantity of Eony

four Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

►.. w'.'J. A

V.‘ \.iv -i V'T i\.»;

Z Z 7.

To

•74

ik

Aw# Agpw- Q*/* Georgi& lfagh,

e—atoton—r.-smnrr t. 7,

- "Xp Jo bnBolero* his ExecutorsWAfSgra, the QiKtrtHty bfSeVe»On»rts Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. - ‘! ' •-,: \ ' > v . ,. -a O

i To John. Highoti junior, ht$ Exeeutors- or AfGgi», -tM QsiaU&jr of Sure*

Ounce* Ten Peny WeiehtfOf Plate aforesaid* ;•>; .': b- -

r To; Jaeobur Midi,his Executors or; Assigns the X^uantity of FiVe Ounces'

Xvwive and a half Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. 1 ;>

To Enjert Wyneropyhis Executors or Af£gns, the Quantity Thirteen Dunces

Tw^and a half Be»y Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Johannes Ten Brook: hk Executors or-Af&gns, <hd Quantity of TWlve Ounces Ten Petty'Weighrof Plate aforesaid. hr<L , v, v i

• To Johannes*ffarfon,• his Executors or Afligro* the Quality^Twelto Ounces of Plate aforesaid.; / ;. . -l i •<-. t - O

' To Peter It Milt, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Twehtyflx Gwied Five Peny Weight of Plateafctesaid. •:>0 ... -k ,v;! : r: v\

• Tp Mathajx Te» Eyck, his Executors or Assignfc, the Quantity of Six (Nonces

of Plate aforesaid.

To Jan Goer, his Exetutorsor Assigns, the Quantity of Twelve Ounces Ten Petty Weight of Plate aforesaid.; !*"•r:i c. i ' - fr i -; yl- - I

To Jan TyfeQees, his Executors or Affighsj the Quantity of Twelve Ounces tod Ten Peny Weight of Piate aforesaid^ *■> -\:rO r :-.■

• To Bobers U'vhtsrfiiH now Mayor oi Albany, his Executors or iAlfigtis, the Quantity of Nineteen Ounces Two and a half Peny Weight of Plato, aforesaid.

To the Executors of Major JAriok Weffelk, the Quality of Tht& Ounce! pPw&and a halfPiay Weightof Place aforesaid. f.

To Hendrick Janfe, his Executors or - Assigns,1 the Quantity of 'Fourfeecft Ounces Fifteen ffcny Weight of Plate U&rft&id. 1 !•’

To Anna Gorton, her Executors or Aifigas, the Quantity of Seven Ounce! .TenPenyWelght^of PlatestfpreJaiiE •« " '■

To Charles Broadhead, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity or Twelve Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforefti&: i /.

And be it Enacted by the Authority -aforesaid, That the Treasurer of the Oor tony /or the tiitie being, (halt pay, in Bills-of Credit made Current by this Act, unto the following Persons, their Executors, Administrarof^ or Assigns, the feve-ril and respective C^iantities ;of Hate following, it being ibr Fire»t^ood delivered to the Forts of New^York and Albany in the thud of the late happy Bsth volution, (towit^) 1 . v " , ! v

To John D'Groot, his Executors or Affigtts, the 'Qjiantity of Pour: Ounce! Seventeen and a^helf Peny1 Weight of Silver Plate aforesaid. "■» v.

To William Hogen, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Seven Ounces Seventeen and a self Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To John Canon, his Executors or Assigns, the Qjjafttity of forty Ounces Fi5* teen Peny Weight of Plateaforosaid. 1 : 5

To Nicholas Ru/l, his Executors or Assigns, die Quantity of Fifty Ounce# df Plate aforesaid.

To Tennis Tdefon, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Thirteen Ounces Two and a Half’Psiiy Weight of Plate aforesaid* -

And be it Enacted by the Authority- aforesaid, That die Treasurer of this Colony for the time being, shall pay, in Bills of Credit made Current by this Act, unto the following Persons, their Executors, AdminiflTat»ri, or Assigna, the several and respective Quantities of Plate fi>lk)wing, ic being'.for their Service performed in an Expedition to Panapskutt,- under the Command of Cap. tain John Comelife, Anno Onethoufand six hundred and ninety' one, for the Service of this Government., ,t

.. Ta Daniel Remfen, his Executors or Assigns, the' Qnantity of Six Ounces

and Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid. — - . j

v J " To

Atm Regni Quarto Gwgii Regis.

; Tw&tvrge Ryerfci. -hi* Executor* or AlfigHk ..&e Quantity*' Four. Qppces and Seventeen and a half Pepy Weigh? Of Pl«tf£ afojceftud. ,j:-q io

Xd GmrH Qnklhagh, his Executors or A*ta*» dm Quantity' of FPW Ounces Seventeen and a halt Pepy Weighs of Plat© amre&d. t r r .nit')

To John Vcm lVer Veer,his Executors or A%i*, the Quauuty of $fteen Ounce* of Plate «fore£44> •. •. m I-: ■• v .-d; v>tv ;<; Q

And. whereas in the Year of dor JLow Poe thousand fey^hut^rqA^ twelve, there was horrid and bloody Conspiracy and iyia%re dev-ded and contrived by great Numbers osso* Negro $lwe§ in th? dry of Xgainst Bis; Majesty's Sobjects of the said City,m ConfeqyeocB and Pwfecutlpn of which, several of His Majesty's aforesaid Subjects were cruelly and barhwujy Murdered by several of the said Negroes; Nineteen wh<*epf weje Tw4,-,Qon-demnod, and Executed for that bloody and horrid pad, by vaw of General Affrrobly of this Province* Intituled, 4n 48 fgr, presenting Qn* Jpiracy of Skvet, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her. late J&jsfty Queen Anna the Owners of which said Nfcmeep Negroes haye pot the Satisftdion intended by the said A# IP be given them, -for wapt offqme FormaHtle* which were omitted by reaion of the general Difpfder and Quafttr fion which: the eommon Panger at that time ©ccaftoned Bp R therefore ;Epr afled by the Aufoorityafowfud, That, the Treasurer of this Chlony for rhe-jime being, shall pay, ir> Bills of Credit aforesaid, to the Several. Persons hereafter named, thfir Executors* Administrators* or Aisigns, the feypral and respe$ayf Quantities of Plate; following, (that is to say#) -0 i; i/1

; X olJfyMa*Data Esqi his Executors or A%)fe foe Quantify of One hupdmd Ourvee of Plate, for-Two Negroes so, as sfore&ifo Executed. t.

To John Barfark Efoj his. Executors or Afogns, die; Qjtfmfty of Fjfty Ouna* of Place, for £>nfe Negro ib, a* aforesaid, Rxpcuted* !<v w ’ To libberTfwag, his Executors or Afogflb the Quantity, of Fifty Optipea

of PlaayfDr On© N^ro fe, ,as aforesaid. Executed. , t,;

To Allane Janet, his Executors Jpr Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty Puttee? of Plate, for One Negro so, as aforesaid. Executed.

To the Executors or Administrators of deceas’d, the Quantity of Fifty Ounces of Plate, for One Negro so, as aforesaid.,. Executed.,

\. To Peter Fauconkier, his Executors or Assigns, the .Quantity of Fifty Qypces of Plate, for One Ncgrofo, as. afoupsaid. Executed.

To: NicholasRefewfaMs Executors or A%n$, the Quatfotypf Fifty Ounces

of Plate, for One Negro ft), asafpfe&jd, Executed.

• To Abraham PrtncjH,(iis Executors or AifigRs, the Quantity -of Fifty Ounces

of Plate, for One Negro so, as aforesaid. Executed.; 1; . i

• To- Ifitac Gtyvernew, Jus Executors',or Aiftgos, the Quantity of fifty Oupc^ pfPlflte, £br One Neenoft), asaforf^id, Executed* t

• To Beta Moyne, hkEtecutors pr Assigns, the Quantity: of Fifty Qianc's of Platen for One Negrd io, as aforesaid, Executed.

; . To John jyiioneitr, his Executors or Aiftgps, the Quantity tfFftty;Punce* of Plate, for One Negro so, as aforesaid. Executed.

v Ta Ruth’Shepherd*- her Execwers or Aisigns, the Quantity of Fifty Qq^ces

of Pbue, for One Negro so, #$ *fc*efjud. Executed*

• To Cornelia Norwood, her Executors or Afeis, the Qjuiptity.of Fifty Quhces

of Plate, for One Negro so, as aforesaid. Executed. . - i

v To John Cftre,ifts\ Executor* :Or .Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty, Ovn^ef of

Plate, for One Negro so, as aforesaid. Executed.

To Richard Ray,his Executors or Assigns, the Quaudty of Fifty Qypces of

plate, for Ope: Negro so^ as aforesaid,. Executed!.

To DaSidJjyeti, his Executors or Aligns, foe Quantity of F^ifty Ounces of Plate, for One Negro so, as aforesaid. Executed. u

To

4.

Vf6

•jim» Regni Quarto Georgii Reg'ti.

‘ To Andrew Stuckey, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Fifty Ounces of Plate, for One Negro so, as aforesaid. Executed. '

Arid to Guytbert Van in Burgh, his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity Of Fifty

Ounces of Plate, for One Negro so, as aforesaid. Executed.

- Anti be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer Of this Colony for the time being, shall pay, in Bills of Credit aforesaid, unto Janies. tAxon Esq; Collector and Receiver General of this Province of New-

Vorkythe Quantity of Two hundred and fifty Ounces of Plate, to be by him applied for the Repairing His Majesty's Custom-house in the City of New-York± for whidh he shall account to the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, or'either of them.

; And whereas the Place which has been for mariy Years last past; aligned and Iriade use of for the Secretary’s Office of this Colony, in-which the Publick Re* tordsj Original Wills, and other Papers and Writings of* great* Concern and Confluence, both to His Majesty and His Subjects of this Colony, is so small, and Otherwise so inconvenierit, that his Excellency the Governor has been pleas’d to appropriate . the Building over1 the Fort-Gate for that Service, wherein the ’Records, and Other Papers mentioned, will be better preferVed, and the Office more conveniently kept t Tothfe End therefore that the said Building 'may be fitted up, and made commodious for the Purpose afore mentioned, Be it Rnafr* ed by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer of this Colony for the time beingv shall pay, in Bills of Credit aforesaid, unto George Qarke Esqi Secretary of this Province, or his Assigns* the Quantity' of Three hundred Ounces bfPlate aforesaid, to be Hy 'Him applied in Materials 'and Workmiriship for the iFitting up the said Building for the tJfe aforesaid, for which he shall account to the Govern6ry Coundl,knd GeneralAffembly,or either of them. ’ ' o*‘

And be it further’Ehafted by the Authority aforesaid* That the Treasurer. of this Colony for the time being, <shall pay in Bills of Credit'aforesaid,. Unto fthe following Persons, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the fevetal and respective Quantities of Plate* following, ( that’is to say)i /

To Rip Van Vam Esq; his Executors or Assigns,- the Quantity of Two him* tired twenty four Ounces and Five Peny Weight of Plate ^aforesaid, for sundry Services performed by him for this Government.

To George Clarke Esq; his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the Quantity of Three hundred sixty two Ounces and Ten Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid* being for sundry Services performed by him for this Government, and in full Discharge of a Warrant drawn by the Lord Chrnbury, dated the Thirteenth of September, One thousand seven hundred and eight, for the Sum of Seven Pounds, Ten Shillings.

To RobertIVdier Esq; his Executors, Administrators, ror Assigns, the\ Quantity of One hundred thirteen Ourices and Seventeen Peny Weight arid a. half of Plate aforesaid, being for sundry Services performed by ihim for the Government, and in foil Piicharge of a Wafrant drawn by the Lord Comburjy. dated the Third Day of 'August^ One thousand foven hundred and three, far.the< Sum. of Nine Pounds, Fourteen Shillings. - : o:

To Adolph PhiUipfe, his Executors, Administrators, Or Assigns, the Quantity of Eight hundred and sixty Ounces and Ten’Peny Weight bf Plate‘aforesaid* being for sundry ’ Services performed by his 4ate Father FrederjckPJbillipfedc-ceas’d, for this Government; :

To John Johnsion Esq; his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the Quantity of Sixty two Ounces and Five Petty Weight of Plate aforesaid, for sundry Serr vices performed by him on the Expedition against Canada.

To George Clarke Esq; his Executors, Administrators,'or Assigns, the Quantity 6f Severity five Ounces of Plate aforesaid, for ingrafting this ,Act bn .Parchment, and a Duplicate thereof to be-transmitted to Great . . j 1

To

dim&, Regm Quarto Georgia Regh

*77

'-zJL*

t :•■ To %tihn Bar bar ie, chil Executors* Administcttors,; or Assignsy the -Quantity of Eighty fix Ounces Ten Peny Weight of Plate laforesaid, for- sundry Services performed by-him for this Government* I. : um.n :i "i;A

:To. Colonel Abraham D'Peyfter.% his; Executory Administmtbrsi of AffighQ the Quantity of Four hundred fifty two. Ounces and a halfiof < Plate aforesaid, ill foil Discharge of Six Warrants drawn -by John formerly Ueucdfiant

Governor of this Province* dated the Tenth Day of; Orte thofifanJ

seven hundred and one, payable to the Right Honourable the Coufitefs of ftel* l/Monty and by her Indorsed to the said Colonel p’Peyfteri, amounting in thd whole to Two hundred seventy two Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, and-fMitih Bence, Sterling, at the Rate of One; hundred thirty three Pounds, Nem^York Money, for One hundred Pounds Sterling. :ry. <; . . ' A

,.j To Adolph PhillipfeECqi. his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the Quan-f tity of Twenty five Ounces of Plate aforesaid, for- the Hire of the Brigantine Frederick on a. Cruize tp Sandy-Hook in the Yearr One thousand seven hundred and four,-/i'u v . .-.•> 'f! . , /■ > .» ’..;A

To George Qarke Esq; Ms Executors^ Administrators, or Assigns, the Quan-pty of One; hundred Ounces of Plate aforesaid*: /

oAnd be.; it., Enacted Jtyfc the Authority aforesaid, That; the Treasurer \joff this Colony- for the tijfte Being, shall pay in Bills 06 Credit aftiresaid, t<* several Pprfons: inserted; iftix-Lift, sign’d by the Speaker of the; Assembly; andl fodged with the Treasurer, aforesaid, Nine hundred and Seventeen Gunbes* Twelve Penyo Weight.; and a half of Plate aforesaid, to be paid in such Prod portion as is, ascertained in the said Tift to eacfc of the Persons-therein naaned£ their Executors,*Administrators, or Assigns, or nearest Relation, as is mentioned *in this A -fit} ^seing; for,Service petfortued by therd for the<tovd-nmehc,r and who were .directed to be'.paid by the Ad Mfted rid the; Thirteenth Year’00 Queen Anne' tjforesaid^ but- did not come within the -Time lihiited by tHd said t Act for the Recovery.^f the famej .which Wasi.Occasioned by the Remqtenefir ©fTome Of the said Persons Habitations £001 the Treasury; of -this Colony s tlfo fevetul: of them dying Jntestate; and no Pej&os taking outuLeders oifAd^ ministration, ©ti;their GOci$U and Chattels! the Sums It hey- wefe to! receive bein£ not sufficieUt to defray 1 the; Charges of TUch AdministrationJ the said Moody fomained> in ihe TreaforerV Hands;, and u^as ojTerwife disposed ofi > . i : And be it further Enacted by the Authority. aforesaid, That rthe Quantity! of Bouri hundred; thirty two, Qunces sand 'Ten Peny Weight of.Plate bforesaid, in BUlS of Credit be paid % the Treafoffcr of this Colony to William Bradford? for Printing: the saidiBilk of Crediti Iforesaid made Current bf this,Ad,: and for: to defray the Charges; of Cutting end Engraving,the Stamp, and for Books and Paper ?/&£> delivered for the HJfe-of the Publida. ‘ , -;:r' 1 ,. ’ .n-.-i?

-l.And wheteas several PerfQp*;appointed to be paid by.ihis Act, .arex» receive bW! fiftall QtaanQtifes of Platt ^foiiesaid, and; hmay foittpfpen thar feve^ ralof tfre-said Persons may-; depart this Tife before they have received of the Treasurer of this Colony the Quantities of Plate due to thehi;- and by this> A(*t dire^ed. to fie paid, ^.and ^ay not have, madeT Last Will o«: Testament,: by \Vhich Means the said Plate may lietfo the Tfeafurer’s Hadd,^ Be it therefore Ena<ftedjby.;the GovemoS,; Councili and General! Assembly, and it is hereby Ehacted;by the Authoriiypf the famby;That if,.tiny tafthe Persons who by this Act are directed to receive the Quantity of Twenty five Ouhces fof Plate, of Jny smaller Quantity of Rite;than Twenty five Guhles, shall depart this Lifeibe-fore they hav«> received of the Treafo|er>afoi!efai4 the said Twenty, five Ounces; Or smaller, Qupnuty J)f;Plate, and ’shall, not have made Iris pot her LaftAWfli and Teftdnfeent, that in-such-case the/aid Twenfy five Ounces,r or lefTer Qnirr« fuy of Plate ^oresaidj .dfrected by jjisr -Ad to be: paid, shall,Iby . the Treafhrep aforesaid, be paid unto the Widow of the said deceas’d Person; and in case tbtt Persons so dying had no Wife, that then such Plate shall, by the Treasurer Inf. A a a a aforesaid,

*7$ Atm Jtypii Quarte Georgii Regis*

[j-irvn ykmrn■>ar*n i 'm*mrn urn im - li »- — — — - m - i

aforesaid, be paid to such .Period or Peffons, a* by Two Justices of the Peace Of Neighbourhood of such Perforv or persons mail be certified to the Trel-> hirer to be nearest related to the Person deceas’d, \vho had such Twenty fivq Qunces or ftnaUer Quantity of Plate due to him or her* any thing in this Act, apy other Act in the coatmy in any wise notwithstanding.

And whereas, after the feueral Quantities of Plate aforesaid shall be, by thd Treasurer aforesaid, paid according to die Direction of this Act, there will re-' main in his Hands the Quantity of Three thousand and seven hundred and fifty Ounces of Plate, being deposited there for Payment of Ambrose Phillips Efcj* foe Agent of this Colony, or the Agent for the time being, and for the Run* tdng the Partition-Lines betyneen this Colony and the Colonies of Connecticut and New^Jerseyi and for Answering any Exigent of this 'Colony : Be it therefor® Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer of this Colony shall, Us soon as conveniently may be, remit to Phillips Esq; aforesaid, thq

Quantity of Five hundred Ounces of Plate, part of the Plate aforesaid.

And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Abraham D'Peyfter Esq* the now Tjreasurer of this Colony, or- tire Treasurer of this Colony few the time being, shall and may, with part of the Plate aforesaid left'in his Hand, pay unto nimfelf the Quantity of Two Ounces and a half of Plate aforesaid for every Hundred Ounces of the said Plate by the said Treasurer for the time befog paid according to the Directions of this Act; which said Quantity of Two and a half Ounces of Plate aforesaid, is hereby given unto the Treasurer, as d ’Reward and Salary for Collecting, Paying, Sinking, 'and Destroying the said Bills* and for doing and peeforming every thing by this Act required of him tq he done. ,

And be it further Enacted by foe Authority aforesakL : That the Qmntity of Seven hundred: and fifty Ounces, parr of the aforesaid Plate left in the Treafo* Hers Hand, Stall be applied to defray foot pan of the Charge of Running, Sur- veying, and Ascertaining the ParmiorwLine, Limit and Boundary between this Colony and the Galony of New^Jersey,which may be requisite for this Colony to pay, to be ifTned by Warrant tinder the Hand arid Soil of the Governor of this Province for the time being, by and with the Advice and Consent of His Majesty's Council, in such Parts and Proportions as shall be requisite for that Service, when the Survey; Afceminifl^, and Running of the said Line, Limit; and Boundary, shall be begtin dnd carried on by the mutual Consent and Agreement of his Excellency and Council of ’this Province, and the Proprietors of foe Soil of the fidd Province of New&srfej i and foe Sum of Seven hundred and fifty Ounces^ part of the aforesaid Plate left in the Treasurer’s Hands, eft be issued, as aforesaid, to defray that part jpf the Oiarge of Running the Parti* tion-Line, Limit and Bouindary between- this Colony and the Colony of ntfiicut, which will be requisite for thj$ Colony to pay; When the Survey, Ascertaining, and Running of the-said Line, Limit and Boundary flu 11 be begun and carried on by the mutual Consent and Agreement of his said Excellency and Council, and the Governor and Couaeil of the said province of Connecticut; which Lines being run, aibemined, and agreed on by the-Surveyor* and Commissioners of each-Colony, as aforesaid,* Siril for everi thereafter be deemed, taken, be, and remain as toe Partition-Line, Limit, arid Boundary of this Colony and all Bodies Corporate and Politick; and all otnef Persons whatsoeydr within this Province, shall be for ever concluded thereby.

• And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid,; -That the Reifidue.of foe said Plate, not particularly difjposed ofby this Act, shall remain in the Hands of foe Treasurer, to answer any ludden Exigency of this1 Colony, robe issued in such Manner, and in such Quantities, as shall be^directed in and by an Act or Acts of General Assembly of this Province for that jmrpose to be made, and not otherwise.

And

__________ . fogm Quarto Gwgii Regis. 279

And. Enacted- by the Authority aforesaid, Tha; the Treasurerpf this Colony iprthe tiioe being, shall pay in the Balls of Credit made Current by this Act* »nto ea-ch of the Periods hereafter named, the fevefai Quantitiqs of Plate hereafter expressed, viz.

To WilU&# Nicoil JBfqi his Executors or Assigns, the Quantity of Three hundred fevepty. bye Ounces of Plate aforesaidj for his Service in the General Assembly of this Colony.

To Andries Coganans Esq; his Executors or Assigns, for his Service, as aforesaid, the Quantity of One hundred eighty three Ounces Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To Corel Hansen Esq,- his Executors or Assigns, for his Service, as aforesaid, die Quantity of One hundred eighty three Ounces and Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate^tewid. ? <..1 , -\ • «t ,* t

To .Johannes Cmter?his Txecutp's or Assigns", for his Service, as aforesaid* the .; \'

Qoanmy tif One hundred eighty three Ounces Fifteen Periy Wpi^K of Plate aforesaid. > v;’.. " . . •*> .\.Y\

To Robert Livingston Esq; his Executors or Assigns, for his Service, as aforesaid, the Quantity of Two hundred and two Ounces and Ten Peny Weight of ]Plate aforesaid.

To Abraham Gasbeeck, his Executors or Assigns, for his Service, as aforesaid, the Quantity of One hundred and thirty six Ounces and Five Peny Weight of TUate aforesaid. 'W*. ... v .»

Totjatyb Rutfin Esqj his Executors or Assigns, {he Quantity, Pf One hundred and eighty three Quotes and Fifteen Peny Weight of Plateaforesaid.

To Leonard Z^tf tiCq; his Executors or Assigns, for his SdrVice* as ifofdsaid, the Quantity of One hundred and eighty three Ounces and Fifteen Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

To jobames Terbojh Esq; his Executors or Assigns, for his Service, as aforesaid, ttrc Quantity tn One hundred and forty six Ounces and Five Peny Weight of Plate aforesaid.

’ To 'QtnpUrCutter* hi* Executory or Assigns, for-fts jfemce, as aforesaid, the Quantity of Two Jfiupdred and seventy five Ounces of Pti^ aforesaid^ *'j%

‘ To "Peter Herring EJTq; his Executors or Assigns, for fii Sendee,5 as aforesaid, the Quantity of Tuto hundred and (Seventy five Ounces of flard \

To Abraham Lakermarty his Executors or Assigns, for his Service, as aforesaid, the Quantity of Two hundred seventy five Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

To John Stillwell Elq; his Executors or Assigns, for his Service, as aforesaid, the Quantity of Two hundred seventy five Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

To Lewis Morris Esq; his Executors or Assigns, for his Service, as aforesaid* the CfcRpflfy <of T^ohtfndrfed apd fcvwy five Ounces pjf Plafp afprefaM,

To Joseph Bud Esq; his Executors or Assigns, for his Service, as . the Quantity of Two hundred and seventy five Ounces of Plate, afofosaid;1-To William Willet Esq; his Executors or Assigns, for his Service, as aforesaid.

To lfoac Hicks: Esq; his Executors or Assigns* for his, Service, $$ ^foresaidL, the Qsundty iof Two hundred and seventy five Ounces of Pla«^:#iFptelaid../fj r.,.

Td Samuel Gerritfe Esq; his Executors or Assigns, for his as afoVpfcifk

the Quantity of Two hundred and seventy iiye Oupces of Plwe^orefod.

Try Cornells Sebring Efo; his Executors or Assigns, for fe fieryke, ps aforer laid, the Quantity of Two hundred and seventy five Quucespf Plate afor To Gerrit Van Hoorn Esq; his Executors or Assigns, for hk jSeryipe, as-aforesaid, thife-JQuantityof Two hundred and fifty Ounces of Pfete pfprefaadi j To Jacob Kip Eiqj his Executots or Assigns, fof his Service, as aforesaid* Quantity of Two hundred and fifty Ounces of Plate aforesaid* : I

To

•--ti

280

Anno Regni (hfctf/of Georgii Regis.

To Johannes Jansen Esq; his Executors or - Assigns, for his Service? osafore-

said, the Quantity of Two hundred and fifty Ounces of Plate aforesaid.

To David 'Provost Esq; his Executors or Assigns, for his Service, as aforesaid; the Quantity of Two hundred and fifty Ounces of Plate aforesaid. -

To Hendrick Hansen Esq; his Executors or Assigns, for his Service* as aforesaid, the Quantity of One hundred and eighty three Ounces and Fifteen Penfy Weight of Plate aforesaid.

An Act Reviving an Act, InAn Act Prohibiting all

Persons, but John Partjiiter and his maheLamb-

Black, during the Space of Fsve Years.

An Act to invefi the Property of a certain and

Ground thereunto belonging, City of New-Xotk,

Expires la *7*c.

An Act for the further Enabling Y!k6masWhitehead to felfhnd

odMfajjb. of dome part of the Lan

therj under the Limitation of a

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of

IT TpTHereasj the Exportation of Raw Hides from this Colony to: HcUand% \f\I and to the’neighbouring Nations^ is by Experience'found to be very T hurt fill to the Inhabitants of this >Golony; Eor preventing of which

for the future^ Be it Enacted by the Governor^.Council, and General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That no Ox, Bull, Cows, or Steer Hide or Skin, Haw and Uritanned, be Exported from this Colony in any Ship, Sloop, Boat, Scow, Canoe^ Float, Raft, or any other Vesselrwhatsoever, or in any Cart, Waggon, Wain, Sledge, or any other. Carriage whatsoever, or upon any Horse or other Beast, or by any Person, under the Penalty of Forfeiting Twenty Shflimgs for every Hide so Exported, contrary to the true Intent, and Meaning of tljis Act, to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace of this^ Colony by tiny Person who will Sue and Inform for the iame; the 'One. Half to th,e tlfe of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the other Half no the Persons> Informing

Anno Regni Quarto Georgii Regis. 181

of the fame, in which case the Oath of the said Informer, or of any other Person, shall be sufficient Evidence to convict the Owner or Exporter of such Hide or Hides, and accordingly subject him or them to the Forfeiture of Twenty Shillings above mentioned for each Hide, as aforesaid5 so Exported, to be Levied upon his or their Goods and Chattels by Warrant from any of the said Justices of the Peace, before whom any such Information is brought, directed to the High-Sheriff of the City and County, High-Sheriff of the County, o Constable of the Town, Ward, or Precind, in which the said Justice doth inhabit, who is hereby Authorized, Directed, and Required to put the fame in Execution; and in case the said Goods and Chattels are not in Six Days redeemed by paying the said Forfeiture, and the Additional Sum of Two Shillings on each Pound Value forfeited, to be paid to the Officer executing the Warrant aforesaid, that then the said Goods and Chattels be exposed to publick Sale to the highest Bidder, and the Forfeiture and Charges paid, as aforesaid, and the Overplus (if any be ) returned to the Owner or Exporter of the said Hide or Hides from whom the said Goods and Chattels were taken.

Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further Enacted, That this Actj nOt any Part thereof, shall be construed to debar Merchant or other Person from Exporting any such Raw Hides, as aforesaid, from this Colony to the Kingdom of Great Britain; nor to debar any Master of any Ship or Vessel from taking on Board and Exporting Two Raw Hides for the necessary Use of his said Vef* fel} any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

This Act to be and remain in Force for Three Years, and no longer, and to commence from the Publication thereof.

Bbbb ACTS

ACTS passed by the General Assembly of V the Colony of New-York, and July'^ it

being the fourth Year of His Majdtys Reign

« i

Art AH to prevent small Stallions running at large, and ta Geld all Horses under the Size therein tittnttqned.; j 1714

0

WHEREAS in Breed Horses, whether for the Saddle or the Draught* will be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of this Colony, and which cannot be Obtained while Stallions of small Sizes ate suffered.to,runat large j. In order therefore to prevent the fame for the future, and to .procure a strong and la,rge Breed of Horses, Be it JEnaded by the Governor, Council, and General Affemhly of this Colony, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same,; Thae It shall be Lawful for,any Person whatsoever, to'Geld any Stone-Horse running at large in any. Grounds within this Province not inclosed, being above Threu Years old, and not being at the Height of Fourteen Hands, to be measured from the lowest part of the Hoof of the Fore-foot to the highest part of the Wither, and each Hand to contain Four Indies, English Measure > for which Welding and Curing, upon delivering the Horse safe and found to the Owner, whof is hereby required to receive the same, he shall pay or secure tO( be paid in Thirty Days unto the Gelder, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for Gelding and Curing the said Horse; and in case the Owner shall refuse to pay, or secure the Payment of the Sum of Twenty Shillings aforesaid unto the Person Gelding arid Curing the said Horse, that then, in such case, the Gelder shall take the said Horse to himself, and put his own. Brand upon him, and use, fell, and dispose of the same as his own proper Goods and Chattels i and in case' the Owner<ftie for the said Horse, or .Damages for the fame, the Gelder shall plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence* and Treble Costs shall be allowed to the said Gelder.

And for Preventing any Abuses that may be committed under Colour of Taking up arid Gelding of Horses in mariner aforesaid, Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That all and every Person or Persons that shall take rip ariy Stone-Hotfe or Horses running at large, as aforesaid, under the Size;4-.and above the Age before mentioned, shall, before he presume to Cut or Geld the fame, carry such Horse or Horses to the next Justice of the Peace of that County wherein such Horse Or Horses shall be taken up* and such Horse or Horses shall be then and there measured in manner aforesaid, in the Presence of such Justice of the Peace j and if the said Justice shall approve and allow of such Horse or Horses to be above the Aee, and under the Size before mentioned, that then such Horse or Horses shall and may be Gelt by such Person or Persons so taking up

; ’ the

Anno Regni Quarto Georgii Regis.

484

iMaa

the fame, in manner aforesaid j and if any Person or Persons ( except the rightful Owner or Owners ) shall presume to Geld any Stone-Horie or Horses, not first having the Approbation and Allowance of such Justice of the Peace, as aforesaid, or shall Gela any Horse or Horses above the Size before mentioned, every such Person or Persons shall suffer Imprisonment by the Space of One Month, without Bail or Mainprize, and forfeit to the Owner or Owners Treble the Value of such Horse or Horses, to be Appraised by Three indifferent Persons of the Neighbourhood, and to be Recovered by Action of Debt, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record within this Province, wherein np Essoign, Prbte&ibn, of wVgerin LaW, 6r any nioro thafi One Imparlance shall b$ allowed.

' This Act to' dofomence the Fifteenth Day of April next ensuing, and, to be in

force'until the Fifteenth D*y of ^pr//, ih dip Yeas of bur Lord One thousand fev^hhUAartd*twfeftty fii./: ;i . . L fit'.

Jht AB 'for an Allowance to the Tamship

of Schenedtady intb& Qx/nty of Albany.

BE it Enabled by the Governor, Council, and General Aflerably, and by the Authority of the same, That the Representative of the Township of Schenectady mall be allowed for his Service and Attendance in the General Assembly of this Province, Ten Shillings per Day, to commence from the Fifteenth Day of May last, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and at no time to exceed Eight Days for his Coming, and Eight Days for his Returning.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Wages and Allowance shall be Levied, Aifefled, Raffed and Paid, in such Manner and fbmi as is directed by an Act of the Second Year of Queen Anne, Intituled, An Act forth* better Explaining and more Execution an Act

of General AffeinMy,made in the Third Tear of the late King William and Queen M^ry, Intituled, An Act for Defraying the and Necessary Charge

tab this Province i and for Maintaimng the , and Preventing Vagabonds.

An Act for Granting to the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the

PreanB of Catskiil and Coxhackey the County of Albany, the Privilege of Chusing yearly a Sttpervisor.

BE it fctta&ed by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be Lawful for the Inhabitants of the Precinffc of Catskiil and , and all of the

Inhabitants dwelling to the Southward of Renflaermch, on the West-fide of JJutchens*River3 as for as the County of Albany extends, to Elect and Chuse One Supervisor j and that the Justice of the Peace for the Precind aforesaid, 'shall and is hereby required to -issue his Warrant to the Constable of the said Efecind, to ■give Warning to the Freeholders and Inhabitants in the said Pre-cih& thereof; to assemble and meet at such convenient Place as the Justice shall appoint, on the Third 1uefdayof August nekt, there to make Choice of, and

Elect

Anna RegmQuarto Georgii* Regis.

285

Elect One Supervisor, who Hull serve till the First in April then next

following j and afterwards the Supervifgr for the said Precinct to beElefted and Chosen yearly and every Yearin the same Manner and Form as the other r Supervisors are Elected and Chosen in the said County of Albahy, and shall have the dame Power, Authority, Office and Funftion, and do j perform, execute, ana serve in Conjunction with the rest of the Supervisors in the County aforesaid, when Occasion shall require, and be liable to the fame Pains and Penalties as the Supervisors of the several and respective Counties within this Colony have, ought, or are intended to have, do, perform, and be liable to*, by One certain Aft of General Assembly, passed in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and three, Intituled, An Act for the better Explaining and tndre effectual putting in Execution an Act> made in the Third Tear of the late King William and Queen Mary, of Glorious Memory^ Intituled,

Defraying the Publick and Necessary Charge throughout this j and for

Maintaining the Poor, and Preventing Vagabonds > any thing to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for Reviving and Confirming an of General Assembly, Etpird in

Intituled\• An Act for Licensing Hawkers and Pedlars within lJlu this Province.

ereas the Act, Intituled, An Act for Licensing Hawkers and tars withinphis Province, is Expired by its own Limitation, and the fame having by Experience been found to be very beneficial j Be it therefore Enacted by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and every Article, Clause, and Thing therein contained, be and is hereby revived and continued to remain itt Force for and xluring the Term of Four Years j Excepting dnd reservirig storrl the Penalties of the Act aforesaid, Jeremiah Smith of Queens-County, who is hereby Licensed to trade as a Petty-Chapman within Queens-County only / any thing in thebeforefocited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act for Naturalizing Nicholas Caron, Abraham de Gas ft , farez, Tobias ,Boel, Henricus Boel, Jacobus Pit, Jan Pit, and Samuel Richards.

i

286 Jana - Rrgni - Quarto Qeotfpti

Expire* in An Act for the Reviving an Act

,7*°‘ An Act for the better Settling the Militia of this Province, and making it more Ufcfhl tot the Security and Defence thereof.

BE it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is Jbereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That one Act of General Affem*-bly, Intituled, An Act for the better Settling the Militia of thir and making it more Useful for the Security and Defence thereof, made in the First Year of Her late Majesty's Reign, Expired, by it’s own Limitation, shall and is hereby Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, to be of Force from the Publication hereof, for and until the First Day of which shall be in the Year of

our Lord One thousand seven hundred and twenty^ and no longer.

In AB for Efi

WHereas his Excellencyj by the Advice of His Majesty's Council, hath granted a Warrant to Jacob Mauritz and WiUtemKtrtoto, formally and joyntly, to be Pilots for the Port of to take under their Ore His Majesty's Ships of War, and all other Ships and VesselsTetjuirirg a Pilot, that shall come into and go out of the said Port* at such Images and Allowances as were particularly expressed in the said Warrant, they me said Jacob Mauritz and william/C/V/o«having entred into; Bond, wjthsufficient

Sureties, to keep an able Pilot reading at or near San^Pqint, provided with a sufficient Boat, Tackle and Furniture, tqbeat all tildes ready to go on board and pilot any Ship or Vessel into the Harbour o f the Province of NewAtcrh: To the Intent no unskilful Person or Persons for Gain may presume co pilot Ships and Vessels coming into and going out of the said Port, and to present the Loss of any Ship or Vessel bound to and from the said Forty Be it Jiaafted by his Excellency the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That any Person or Persons whatsoever that are not Authorized by die Governor of this Province for the' time being, or that shall not be deputed by such Person or Persons so Authorized, as aforesaid, that shall take upon him or them to pilot any Ship or Vessel coming into

2r.gying out ofrthpsaid port, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Thtei pounds, iujerit looney to be- recovered before anyTu/Uce of Eqace in this Colqny by any‘:Perldn that will Sue and Profocute for me1 feme j tfpe one Half (p,the‘Ufe of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to b&paidto the Treasurer df^this Colony for the time being, to be applied towards the Support of this Government i and the other Half to the Persons Informing and Prosecuting the fame, as aforesaid> in which the Oath of the said Informer, or any other Person, shall be sufficient Evidence j to be Levied upon his or their Goods and Chattels by Warrant from the Justice of Peace before whom such Information shall be brought, directed to the High-Sheriff of the City or County, or Constable of the Town, Ward or Precinct in which the said Justice shall inhabit, who is hereby Authorized and Required to put rife fame in Execution : the said Goods and Chattels to be exposea to Sale to the highest Bidder, the Forfeiture and reasonable Charges first deducted; the Overplus, if any be, shall be returned to the Owner from whom the said Goods and Chattels were taken.

Jj&q Rffgm Quarto Georgii Regis. 287

Provided always, That it shall and may be Lawful for any Person or Persons to take undq- his Qire and Charge to pilot into or out of the said Port any Ship or Vessel as often and when fbme abte and sufficieftt Persons appointed, 'as aforesaid, for. that purpose, shall npt.be ready at Sdndy-Pmt aforesaid, and at the said port of New^vxk, to take on them the Charge of Piloting such Ship or Vessel, so requiring a Pilot, from time to time, as Occasion shall happeril . This Act to continue for Five Years, and no longer.

An Act for Encouraging the Returning of Neat Cattle and Sheep Expires i* to their Owners. . ‘..S. *7lJ*

WIereas Cattle and Sheep often stray front their Owners, who, hot knowing where to find them, seldom fee or recover them; Be it therefore Enacted by his Excellency the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That any Person or Persons finding, keeping, or receiving any Neat Cattle Or Sheep in any of his Lands within Fence, from and after the Fim Day of December to the First Day of May in every Year, that shall not be his own, and shall not give an Account of their, or every of their natural and artificial Marks and Colours to the Clerk of the Town, or the next Justice of the Peace to or in the Precind -where such Person or Persons shall inhabit, that shall, from time to time, have any strayed Neat Cattle or Sheep in his or their Possession within one Month after such Stray, as aforesaid, shall come to his or their Knowledge, shall pay to the Owners of such Strays, as aforesaid. Twenty Shillings, Current Money of the Province of New-York> for every Neat Cattle, and Three Shillings,

Current Money aforesaid, for every Sheep fb detained or concealed; to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace by any Person that will Sue and Prosecute for the fame j in which Cafe the Oath of the Informer, or any other Person, shall be sufficient Evidence; to be Levied on his or their Goods and Chattels by Warrant from the Justice of the Peace before , whom such Information shall be brought, directed to the High-Sheriff of the County, or Constable of the Town or Precind in.which the said Offender shall inhabit, who is hereby Authorized and Required to put the fame in Execution; the said Goods and Chattels to be publickly exposed t<> Sale to the highest Bidder, the Forfeiture and reasonable Charges being deduded; the Overplus, if any be, shall be returned to the Owner from whom the said Goods and Chattels were taken.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if after such Account given of the Marks and Colours of fucnNeat Cattle and Sheep, as aforesaid, to the Clerk of the Town, or the next Justice of the Peace, as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners of such Neat Cattle or Sheep shall not take Care of the fame, every such Owner or Owners shall pay to such Person or Persons who shall keep or maintain such Cattle or Sheep, a reasonable Recompence for so doing from the time of such Notice, to be adjudged by any Justice of the Peace in the said County.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner of such Strays, as aforesaid, shall pay to the Clerk of the Town, who shall receive the Mar^s of any Stray, Nine Pence for every Neat Cattle, and Four Pence Half-peny for every Sheep.

This Act to continue in Force for and during the Term of Five Years from the Publication hereof and no longer.

An

*88

An Act Repealing that part of an An Act for

Retraining the taking of Extravagant and Excessive Usury, whereby Interest was reduced to Six per Cent, per Annum.

WHcreas by an Act of the General Assembjy of this Province, Intituled, An Act for the Refraining the taking of Extravagant and Excessive Vfury* It was, amongst other things* Ehadfed, That no Person whatsoever should, after the Publication of the said Act, take, directly or indirectly, any greater Use or Interest than Six Pounds, Current Money of this Province, for the Forbearance of One hundred Pounds for Year, and so after that Rate for a greater or lelTer Sum, or for a longer of fliortfer Time, for the Loan of any Monies, Wares, Merchandize, or any Commodities whatsoever; fend- the said Act not having obtained the Ends thereby designed. Be it therefore Enacted by his Excellency the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That the before recited Clause in the said Act be and is hereby Repealed.

And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid,; That no Person whatsoever shall, after the Publication of this Act, take, directly or indirectly, any greater Use or Interest than Eight Pounds, Current Money of this Province* for the Forbearance of One hundred Pounds for a Year, and so alter that Rate for a greater or lesser Sum, or for a longer or fhoiter Time, for the Loan of any Money, Wares, Merchandize, or any Commodities whatsoever, under the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitufes and Restrictions in the aforesaid Act contained.

a;

ACTS

289

ACTS passed by the General Assembly of the Colony of Nevo-Torkin October 1718, being the Fifth Year of His Majesty s Reign*

An Act for Reviving an Act of General , Intituled,

An Act for the easier Partition of Lands in Joynt-Tenancy or in Common, and making the same more Useful ana Effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for the Explaining of certain of the

General Assembly of this Colony, Intituled, An Act for a *104

Supply to he granted to His Majesty for the Supporting His Government in the Province of New-York, and for Striking Bills of Credit for that Purpose, passed in the Tear Seventeen hundred and fifteen; and for the Explaining certain Clauses in an Act of the General Assembly of this Colony, made in the Tear Seventeen hundred and sixteen,

tituled. An Act to Oblige all Vessels Trading into this Co - lony ( except such as are therein excepted ) to pay a certain Duty; and for the further Explanation and making more Eftectual certain Clauses in an Act by which a Duty is laid on all Negroes and other Slaves Imported into this Colony.

WHEREAS by an Act of the General Assembly of this Colony, Intituled, An Act for a Supply be granted to His Majesty for the Supporting of His Government in the Province of New-York, and for Striking Bills of Credit for that , It is, among other

things, Enacted, That for every Pipe of Wine Imported into this Colony directly from the Place of it*s Growth, Production, or Manufacture, there should be paid the Quantity of Seven Ounces and a half of Plate j and for every Pipe of Wine Imported from any other Place than that of it’s Growth, Production, or Manufacture, the Sum of Fifteen Ounces of "Plate, and so in Proportion for a greater or lefTer Quantity: And whereas this may seem to subject Wines brought directly from the Isle of Britain to the

Pddd Duty

Anno Regrii Qu'mto Georgii

Duty of Fifteen Ounces of Plate for every Pipe of Wine so Imported, and fb in Proportion for a greater or smaller Quantity > In order therefore to takeaway all Doubts, Controversies and Disputes that may arise upon the fame for the future, Be it Enacted by the Governor, Council, and General Assembly, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That every Pipe of Wine, or greater or smaller Quantity thereof and every Gallon of Rum or Brandy, or other Distilled Liquors, Imported legally and directly from the Kingdom of Great Britain into this Colony, shall pay no other nor greater Duty than if the said Wine, Rum, Brandy, or other Distilled Liquors, were Imported into thia Province directly from the Place of it’s Growth, Production, or Manufacture, and no greater or other Sum whatsoever j any thing in the said Act, or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas on and by reason of certain Clauses in one Ad of the General ' Assembly of this Colony, Intituled, An Act to Oblige all Vessels Trading into this Colony ( except such at are therein excepted) to pay a certain Doty; and for the further Explanation and rendring more certain Clauses in an Act of

General Assembly of this Colony,Intituled, An Act by which a it laid on mI

Negroes and other Slaves Imported into tbit Colony there has some Disputes arilen whether Ships wholly owned by the, Inhabitants of this Colony, are liable by the raid Act to pay the Duty of Tonnage i To prevent therefore any £>il-putes or Controversy that may for the future arise on or concerning the feme. Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Ships or other Vessels not built in this Colony, though wholly owned by die Inhabitants of the fame, are and shall be liable to pay the said Duty of Tonnage given and granted by the said Act, and Ships and other Vessels wholly owned by the Inhabitants of the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be and are hereby excepted from paying the said Duty; any thing in the said Act, -or any other Act to die contrary hereof noc* lywithstanding.

And for the Prevention of Frauds that may be made use of to evade and elude the Intention of this Act, and prevent Ships or Other Vessels £om paying the Duty given and granted by the said Act, Be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be Lawful for the Officer appointed to collect the said Duty of Tonnage, to-examine the Matter, upon Oath, Mate, Purler or Supercargo of any Ship or Vessel, in order to difcqver., the tnfe. Owners of the said Ship or, Vessel, and Place of their Habitation; and any Matter, N^ate, Purler or Supercargo, refilling to be examined upon Oath aforesaid, ^ikall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds, Current Money of this Colony, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as is directed, explreffed, intended and prescribed in and by an Act of General Assembly of mis Province, made, in- the ^Thirteenth Year of Her late Majesty's Reign, Intituled, f An Act for Levying and Raying the several Ditties' therein me the Vje tif this Cplqnyi

And whereas by a Clause in the Ad aforesaid. Intituled, An Act all

Vessels Trading into this Colony ( except such as are therein excepted ) p puy a certain Duty j and for the further Explanation and making more Effectual certain Clauses in.an Act. by which a Duty is laid on all Negroes and other td into this Colony, there is a Duty of Teh Ounces of Plate appointed to be paid for each Negro Slave Imported into this Cqlony directly from Africa in any Ve£ felnot wholly owned by the Inhabitants' of this Colony, by Virtue of which Ad Negroes Imported in Vessels owned by the Inhabitants of Britain are liablfe to pay the said Duty of Ten Ounces of Plate Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every Negro or other Skive Imported into this Colony directly from Africa in Vessels wholly owned by the Inhabitants of Great Britain, there shall be no other ot greater Duty paid than is or shall be paid for each Negro or other Slave Imported into this Colony in Vessels wholly owned by the Inhabitants of the fame; any thing in the said Act, or any other Act to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Anno Regni Quinto Georgii Regis. 291

, Provided always, and it is hereby further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, nor any Part thereof, shall be construed to extend to make any Ship or Vessel, wholly owned by the Inhabitants of this Colony before the First Day of September Seventeen hundred and sixteen, liable to the Duty of Tonnage; but that every such Ship or Vessel, wholly owned by die Inhabitants of this Colony on or before the said First Day of September Seventeen hundred and sixteen, is and dull be excepted and discharged from paying the said Duty $ any thing in this or any other Act to the contrary hereof in wiy wise notwithstanding.

1

An Act to Enable tie Treasurer of this Colony to remit Ambrose Philips Esq; the Sum of One hundred eighty (even Ounces and one half of Plate, for the Service of this

An Act for Paying the Quantity of Fifty three Ounces and one ' half of Plate unto Johannes Van Zant, and the Quantity of . Twelve Ounces and one half of Plate unto WiUempie pytden ? Bogart, Widow, , J :.w

An Act for Settling the Boundaries between the ponds granted by Patent unto1 Oyrndius Ooel, Adrian Gerntie, Matthids Ten Eyck, Jacobus Du Bois, Johannes Schipmoes, BoelqfF 1 Swartwont, Cornelius Lammcrfe; Peter Pieterfc, Lawrencp

• Ooufterhout, and Jannetfe Newkirk, ftuate, lying and being

; in the County tfXJlfier, Commonly called the Town of Hurley,

’ and tty Lands granted by Patent unto Henry Beek-

1 man. Captain Thomas Carton, Captain Charles Broad-

head, Trustees for and on the bebdlf tf the lnbabitmts of

; the Ttyn cfMatble-Ttiwn in the C Ulflrir

jHOR the final Ending, and for the Preventing all Deputes, Strifes, Quaty -■"»< rels and Contentions, which cow are, orat. any time or times liehea&er r* may be had, moved, commenced, or ptofetuted between the la^d nslms Qd, Adrian .Gerritfe, Matthias Tin Jacobus Du Bm%

Schipmoes, Roeloff Swartwont, Cornelius Lamtn, Peter Pbetirfe,

Ooufterhout, and Jannetfe Newkirk, their Heirs and Assigns, of the one part, and the Trustees of the Town of Marble-Town, and their Successors and Assigns, of the other part, relating and concerning the r6^>edive Boundaries of the said Town of Marble-Town in the County of U, and the Lands granted unto

292 Amo Regni Qu'm Georgii Regis.

the said Cornelius Coel, Adrian Gerritfe, Matthias Ten jacobus Du

Johannes Schipmoes, Roeloff Swart wont, Cornelius Peter

Lawrence Oojlerhout, and Jannetfe Newkirk* commonly called the Town of Hurley in the County of Ulster; .which Lines or Boundaries in the Patent granted to the said Colonel Henry Beekman, Captain Thomas and Captain

Charles Broadhead, Trustees for and on the behalf of the Inhabitants of the Town of Marble-Town in the County of and which bears Date the

Twenty fifth Day of June, in the .Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and three, as for as relates to the Matter in Questfon, in the Words following, viz. All that Parcel of Landand being in the County of Ulster aforesaid, and beginning ax the Bounds and laid out by the

ers appointed by Colonel Lovelace, Governor of the said Province of New-York in the Year of our Lord One thousand six hundred and fiixty nine, between the Town of Marble-Town and the Town of Hurley in the said County 0/Ulster, thence running South-East to the North-West Bounds of Pales, as-in and by the said Patent, Relation being thereunto had, may more fully and at,large appear: And in the Patent granted to the said Cornelius Cxi, Adrian' Gerritfe, Matthias Ten Eyck, Jacobus Du Bois, Johannes Schipmoes, Roeloff Swartwont, , Cornelius Lammttfe, Peter Pieterfe, 'Lawrence and Jannetfe , their

Heirs and Assigns, commonly called the Patent of the Town of Hurley, bearing Date the Nineteenth Day of Ottobef, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and eight, in the Words following, viz. A certain Tratt of vacant Land in the County of Ulster, beginning at the South Corner of the Old-house ♦ - T. cf Schipmoes, being the Bounds between Kings-Town and Hurley," due

until it meets with the Bounds of the New Paltz, and along,the said Bounds, until itmeetsjsoith the most' Northmost Pounds of the said Hew Paltz; firaightLinty- till it meets with the House ofjmjoo&enjbeing nigh the Division-JJne cf Marble-Town and Hurley, as in and by the said (Patent, Relation being thereunto, had, may more fully , and at-large appear. Now for the Establishing the Bounds, between the Trustees of Marble-Topon aforesaid, and, the aforesaid Cornelius Coel, Adrian Gerritfe, Matthias Ten Eyck, Jacobus Du Bois, Johannes

Schipmoes, Roeloff Swartwont, Cornelius Lammerfe, Peter Pieterfe, Lawrence Oojlerhout, and Jannetfe Newkirk> Be it Enacted by his Excellency the Governor and Council, and General. Assembly, and it is hereby Enacted by the Authority of the same, That the Boundaries and Division-Line between the said Trustees of Marble-Town in the County of Ulster, their Successors and Assigns, and the Patent granted the Nineteenth Day of October, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred'and eight, unto the said Cornelius Coel, Adrian Gerritfe* Matthias Ten Eyck, Jacobus Du Bois, Johannes Schipmoes, Roeloff Swart-wont, Cornelius Lammerfe, Peter Pieterfe, Lawrence Oojlerhout, and Jannetfe

Newkirk, jhek Heirs and Assigns, shall from henceforth and for ever hereafter be, and are hereby from henceforth and for ever hereafter Establiftied to be in manner following, (that isvto lay) That the said Division-Lihe between the Parties aforesaid, mall,'begin at a certafii Place called the House of Jan Jooften in the County of Ulster aforesaid,’ and now in the Possession of Cornelius Elton at the Southermofl? Part thereof, and thence run on a straient Line to the North-West Bounds of the New Paltz aforesaid j any thing in the said Patents,

Or either of them, contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

- Saving unto alband all manner, of Person and Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, their respective Rights by Patent, or otherwise, to the Lands aforesaid, and every Part thereof; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

FINIS.

